乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-04-11

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Caurus Directory Russia Army Shellled Krasche Perche, NovoMilnsk, Yardnica, West Ande ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4455
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Novoselivske, Cherneschyna, Makiyivka, Nevske, Yampol...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4456
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Zaliznyansk, Minkivka, Orikhovo-Basil ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4457
JSC Avdiivka And Marynka Directioc Roussian Army Shelled Novokalin, Berdyshi, Steppe, Already ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4458
AT Shakhtarsk Directive Russian Army Sheleled Victory, Novomikhailivka, Bokhoynalenka, Shakhtar ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4459
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Novopil of Donetsk regi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4460
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(18:06). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/23764
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(18:52). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42859
Donetsk Oblast(20:05). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42861
Donetsk Oblast(22:38). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42864
Donetsk Oblast(23:50). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42866
Zaporizka Oblast(23:52). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42867
Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Poltava region (23:53). Red Aller ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42870
Donetsk Oblast(01:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42876
We are preparing to integrate into the peaceful life of our defenders and defenders - Yulia Laputin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/my-gotuyemosya-do-integracziyi-v-myrne-zhyttya-nashyh-zahysnykiv-i-zahysnycz-yuliya-laputina/
"We are homeless here, we are puppies thrown" - intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/my-bomzhi-tut-my-czuczenyata-kynuti-perehoplennya-gur/
The Center for Combating Misinformation Develops new Russian fakes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/czentr-protydiyi-dezinformacziyi-rozvinchuye-rosijski-fejkovi-video/
For Ukrainians, free travel by train from Poland to Germany
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/dlya-ukrayincziv-prodovzheno-bezoplatnyj-proyizd-potyagom-z-polshhi-do-nimechchyny/
If we do not resolve the issue of "Russia", all other issues will be extremely difficult for us - Alexei Danilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/yakshho-my-ne-vyrishuyemo-pytannya-rosiyi-vsi-inshi-pytannya-budut-dlya-nas-vkraj-vazhkymy-oleksij-danilov/
The European Union discusses with the G7 countries a special offset about Russia's aggression - the European Commissioner
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/yevrosoyuz-obgovoryuye-z-krayinamy-g7-specztrybunal-shhodo-zlochynu-agresiyi-rosiyi-yevrokomisar/
Russians use artillery to compensate for a decrease in offensive potential - an institute of war study
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/rosiyany-vykorystovuyut-artyleriyu-shhob-kompensuvaty-znyzhennya-nastupalnogo-potenczialu-instytut-vyvchennya-vijny/
Our aviation during the day struck six blows on the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/nasha-aviacziya-protyagom-doby-zavdala-shist-udariv-po-vorogu-2/
The Russians fired again peaceful cities in Donetsk region, Kharkiv, and Zaporozhye - are dead and injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/rosiyany-znovu-obstrilyaly-myrni-mista-na-donechchyni-harkivshhyni-zaporizhzhi-ye-zagybli-ta-poraneni/
Defense forces in a day repelled 58 attacks of Russian troops, 30 of them - in the Bakhmut area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/syly-oborony-za-mynulu-dobu-vidbyly-58-atak-rosijskyh-vijsk-30-iz-nyh-v-rajoni-bahmuta/
In Zaporozhye, the occupiers continue forced certification of the population and take fingerprints
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/na-zaporizhzhi-okupanty-prodovzhuyut-prymusovu-pasportyzacziyu-naselennya-ta-berut-vidbytky-palcziv/
A fake bot that masked under the official source of the SZRU appeared on the network
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/v-merezhi-zyavyvsya-fejkovyj-bot-shho-maskuyetsya-pid-oficzijne-dzherelo-szru/
In the border areas of Belgorod and Kursk regions, Russians retain military presence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/u-prykordonnyh-rajonah-byelgorodskoyi-ta-kurskoyi-oblastej-rosiyany-zberigayut-vijskovu-prysutnist/
In Kherson and Zaporozhye, the Russians fired at more than 45 settlements
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/na-hersonshhyni-ta-zaporizhzhi-rosiyany-obstrilyaly-ponad-45-naselenyh-punktiv/
Defense forces eliminated nearly 700 invaders, destroyed 10 artisystems and 11 UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/syly-oborony-likviduvaly-majzhe-700-okupantiv-znyshhyly-10-artsystem-ta-11-bpla/
Garmashi shot M777 destroyed the hostile radar of "burdock"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/garmashi-postrilom-m777-znyshhyly-vorozhu-rls-repyashok/
Terroborons military forces knocked down the Russian helicopter Mi-24
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/vijskovi-syl-teroborony-zbyly-rosijskyj-gelikopter-mi-24/
UEFA Champions League: Benfica in Lisbon lost "Inter"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694659-liga-cempioniv-uefa-benfika-u-lisaboni-prograla-interu.html
In Poland, two Ukrainians were injured in an accident with minibuses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694545-u-polsi-v-dtp-z-mikroavtobusami-postrazdali-dvoe-ukrainciv.html
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Kamyanka, Kolodyazhn, Krasnaya Pershe, Novomolinsk, D ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4463
Manchester City beat Bavaria in the first match of the 1/4 finals of the UEFA Champions League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694658-mancester-siti-peregrav-bavariu-u-persomu-matci-14-finalu-ligi-cempioniv-uefa.html
AT Liman Directive Russian Army Sheled Novoenorivka, Makeevka, Nevsk, Bilonorivka of the Lucha ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4464
Russian troops fired at the Beryslav district in the evening, a fire broke out
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694657-vijska-rf-nadvecir-obstrilali-berislavskij-rajon-spalahnula-pozeza.html
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Zaliznyansk, Minkivka, Orikhovo-Basil ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4465
Zelensky urged Ukrainians not to ignore the war and to help the state
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694656-zelenskij-zaklikav-ukrainciv-ne-ignoruvati-vijnu-ta-dopomagati-derzavi.html
In Moldova, they advised Zakharov not to interfere with the country's internal affairs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694653-u-moldovi-poradili-zaharovij-ne-vtrucatisa-u-vnutrisni-spravi-kraini.html
JSC Avdiivka And Marynka Directiones Roussian Army Shelled Novokalin, Avdiivka, Pervomaisk ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4466
So much Shakter's Direction Russian Army Seld Novomoyalavka, Vulladar, Bidhlenka & Veli ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4467
Canada's assistance to Ukraine exceeded $ 6 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694650-dopomoga-kanadi-ukraini-perevisila-6-milardiv.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka of Donetsk region; Novod...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4468
Investigation of leakage of documents in the US may take several months
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694649-rozsliduvanna-vitoku-dokumentiv-u-ssa-moze-trivati-kilka-misaciv.html
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4469
It is important not to lose the feeling of the path we have to go through - the President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694651-vazlivo-ne-vtracati-vidcutta-slahu-akim-maemo-projti-prezident.html
Canada has already sent more than 4,000 tons of military assistance to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694643-kanada-vze-dopravila-v-ukrainu-ponad-4000-tonn-vijskovoi-dopomogi.html
APL. Zinchenko's "Chelsea" Mudrik's "Chelsea" will take place in early May.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694647-apl-matc-arsenala-zincenka-iz-celsi-mudrika-vidbudetsa-na-pocatku-travna.html
The invaders turned a part of Bakhmut into Syrian Aleppo - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694645-zagarbniki-peretvorili-castinu-bahmuta-na-sirijske-aleppo-malar.html
Japan Defense Ministry has signed contracts with Mitsubishi Heavy Industries to deliver missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694641-minoboroni-aponii-pidpisalo-kontrakti-z-mitsubishi-heavy-industries-na-postavku-raket.html
Canada has introduced Stancies on Prigogine and the National Bank of Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694639-kanada-zaprovadila-sankci-sodo-kompanii-prigozina-i-nacbanku-bilorusi.html
On George Narbut Avenue, a water supply was broken
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3694599-u-kievi-na-prospekti-georgia-narbuta-stalasa-avaria-na-vodoprovidnij-merezi.html
The Armed Forces counter -offensive can start in the summer - shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694636-kontrnastup-zsu-moze-rozpocatisa-vlitku-smigal.html
Russians fired nine border communities of Sumy region, there is a destruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694634-rosiani-obstrilali-devat-prikordonnih-gromad-sumsini-e-rujnuvanna.html
SBU announced Oksana Marchenko in search
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694637-sbu-ogolosila-oksanu-marcenko-a-rozsuk.html
"Wagner" will be enough for two months if they do not change tactics - abdomen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694630-vagnerivciv-vistacit-na-dva-misaci-akso-ne-zminat-taktiku-cerevatij.html
Zelensky discussed with Howard Buffette Aid to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694629-zelenskij-obgovoriv-iz-govardom-baffetom-dopomogu-ukraini.html
Epicenter-Podolyany beat Prometheus at the start of the Ukrainian Volleyball Super League finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694628-epicentrpodolani-obigrali-prometej-na-starti-finalu-superligi-ukraini-z-volejbolu.html
The project was introduced to the Council by a resolution that blocks the signing of the law on supplements to the military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3694631-do-radi-vnesli-proekt-postanovi-so-blokue-pidpisanna-zakonu-pro-doplati-vijskovim.html
More than 380 shelling of the Russian Federation was recorded in the Liman-Kupyan direction per day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694626-na-limanskokupanskomu-napramku-za-dobu-zafiksuvali-ponad-380-obstriliv-rf.html
Shmigal called Canada one of the leaders in imposing sanctions against Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694623-smigal-nazvav-kanadu-odnim-iz-lideriv-u-zaprovadzenni-sankcij-proti-rf.html
The White House commented on Biden's possible participation in the presidential race
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694625-bilij-dim-prokomentuvav-mozlivu-ucasti-bajdena-v-prezidentskih-peregonah.html
Romania plans to buy US F-35 fighter jets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694425-rumunia-planue-pridbati-amerikanski-vinisuvaci-f35.html
Ukraine hopes to expand heavy weapons from Canada - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694621-ukraina-spodivaetsa-na-rozsirenna-postavok-vazkoi-zbroi-vid-kanadi-smigal.html
Latvia begins lawsuits over Russian propaganda media workers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694619-u-latvii-pocinautsa-sudovi-procesi-nad-pracivnikami-rosijskih-propagandistskih-zmi.html
Prometheus went out to the 1/4 finals of a basketball European Cup, beating Hamburg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694618-prometej-vijsov-do-14-finalu-basketbolnogo-evrokubka-obigravsi-gamburg.html
In the EU, Macron's ideas about "strategic autonomy" from the USA - Michelle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694660-u-es-bilsae-simpatikiv-idei-makrona-sodo-strategicnoi-avtonomii-vid-ssa-misel.html
Drone exploded near Belgorod airport
https://t.me/rusbrief/107882
U.S. Intelligence recent discovered that Egyptian President El-Sisi had the “Top Secret” Prod...
https://twitter.com/sentdefender/status/1645601902317502464
Chernihivska Oblast(09:06). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/17500
Sumska Oblast(09:05). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42879
Donetsk Oblast(09:21). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42881
Hungarian Foreign Minister Szijjarto arrived in Moscow, plans to discuss energy cooperation w...
https://t.me/rian_ru/199482
Zaporizka Oblast(09:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42885
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Hremyach and Kamyanska Sl...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4462
Russian aviation conducted airstrikes at Huliaipole and Orikhiv of Zaporizhzhia region
https://t.me/babel/30952
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(11:18). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/23781
Donetsk Oblast(11:50). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42889
Widespread damage in Beryslav after Russian airstrikes yesterday
https://t.me/hueviyherson/37810
Sumska Oblast, Chernihivska Oblast(12:14). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take co...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42891
Kharkiv(13:34). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/23786
Donetsk Oblast(13:39). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42895
Kharkivska Oblast(14:01). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42896
Sumska Oblast(14:02). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42897
Donetsk Oblast(14:33). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42900
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(18:44). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42903
Russian army shelled Marhanets community twice today
https://t.me/dneproperatyv/60007
New Canadian military aid to Ukraine: 21,000 5.56 mm caliber assault rifles, 38 7.62 mm calib...
https://twitter.com/melmarquis/status/1645830640770613253
U.S. National Security Council spokesperson John Kirby said in press statements that there's ...
https://twitter.com/mahmouedgamal44/status/1645838787111419904
On the actor Li Akhedzhakov wrote a denunciation at the Prosecutor General of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694449-na-aktorku-liu-ahedzakovu-napisali-donos-u-genprokuraturu-rf.html
Former Twitter Topsmengers call the company because
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3694454-kolisni-topmenedzeri-twitter-pozivautsa-do-kompanii-cerez-nepogasenna-sudovih-viplat.html
The Council adopted a law on registered place of residence of displaced children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694455-rada-uhvalila-zakon-sodo-zareestrovanogo-misca-prozivanna-ditej-vpo.html
Moskalkova was expelled from the European Network of National Human Rights Institutions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694459-moskalkovu-viklucili-iz-evropejskoi-merezi-nacionalnih-institucij-z-prav-ludini.html
The invaders try to replace everything around Energodar - villages and forest strips
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694464-zagarbniki-namagautsa-zaminuvati-vse-navkolo-energodara-sela-ta-lisosmugi.html
Most of the victims were killed consciously: during the occupation of the Kyiv region, the Russians shot 717 civilians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694467-bilsist-zertv-ubili-svidomo-pid-cas-okupacii-kiivsini-rosiani-rozstrilali-717-civilnih.html
Romanchuk: To the Stockholm Tournament I go on the Olympic license
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694466-romancuk-na-turnir-u-stokgolmi-idu-za-olimpijskou-licenzieu.html
More than a thousand police officers will additionally be on Easter in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3694472-u-kievi-na-velikden-dodatkovo-cerguvatime-ponad-tisaca-policejskih.html
As part of Eurovision-2023, a songwriting of solidarity with Ukraine has started
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3694468-u-ramkah-evrobacenna2023-startuvala-pisenna-akcia-solidarnosti-z-ukrainou.html
From Avdiivka evacuated a family with two children who was persuaded about half a year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694474-z-avdiivki-evakuuvali-rodinu-z-dvoma-ditmi-aku-vmovlali-blizko-piv-roku.html
The Council has simplified the enforcement of court decisions at the time of martial law
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694471-rada-sprostila-primusove-vikonanna-sudovih-risen-na-cas-voennogo-stanu.html
A number of events will take place for the Ukrainian community in the UAE
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3694475-dla-ukrainskoi-gromadi-v-oae-do-velikodna-vidbudetsa-nizka-zahodiv.html
Hungarian Mol will pay Ukraine for transit Russian oil - Siarto
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694476-ugorska-mol-napramu-platitime-ukraini-za-tranzit-rosijskoi-nafti-siarto.html
Parliament supported a draft law on "restarting" customs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3694478-parlament-pidtrimav-zakonoproekt-sodo-perezavantazenna-mitnici.html
Sinyakova won't play against Ukraine in Billy's Cup Gin King
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694479-sinakova-ne-zigrae-proti-ukraini-u-kubku-billi-dzin-king.html
The Council adopted a law on control of funds to support Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694480-rada-uhvalila-zakon-pro-kontrol-nad-kostami-na-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
Bakhmut's battle: Border Guards held positions and reflected the attacks of the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694481-bij-u-bahmuti-prikordonniki-vtrimali-pozicii-i-vidbili-ataku-rosian.html
Japan has handed over equipment to process construction waste in Irpen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3694487-aponia-peredala-tehniku-dla-zdijsnenna-obrobki-budivelnih-vidhodiv-v-irpeni.html
IMF has worse
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694488-mvf-pogirsiv-prognoz-zrostanna-globalnoi-ekonomiki-do-28.html
Situation on the front and providing ammunition: Zelensky held a rate meeting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694489-situacia-na-fronti-ta-zabezpecenna-boepripasami-zelenskij-proviv-zasidanna-stavki.html
Teachers will provide psychological support: the Council adopted a law on advanced training
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694486-pedagogi-nadavatimut-psihologicnu-pidtrimku-rada-uhvalila-zakon-pro-pidvisenna-kvalifikacii.html
Ukraine expects to get up to $ 100 billion in the world arrested in the world in 5-7 years
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694491-ukraina-rozrahovue-za-57-rokiv-otrimati-do-100-milardiv-iz-zaarestovanih-u-sviti-aktiviv-rf.html
In Ukraine canceled taxes on damaged or destroyed real estate during the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694496-v-ukraini-skasuvali-podatki-na-poskodzenu-abo-zrujnovanu-neruhomist-pid-cas-vijni.html
The State Duma of the Russian Federation introduced electronic summons and partially closed the border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694497-derzduma-rf-zaprovadila-elektronni-povistki-ta-castkovo-zakrila-kordon.html
The IMF predicts this year in Ukraine "minus" 3% of GDP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694498-mvf-prognozue-cogoric-v-ukraini-minus-3-vvp.html
Magnolias and cherry blossoms in the capital
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3694493-u-stolici-cvitut-magnolii-ta-sakuri.html
The Council plans to amend the Immigration Act
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694500-rada-planue-vnesti-zmini-do-zakonu-pro-immigraciu.html
In Kharkiv region, "black" sappers - SESNS began to operate
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694504-na-harkivsini-pocali-diati-corni-saperi-dsns.html
Locations from Ukraine will
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3694473-na-videolistivkah-ucasnikiv-evrobacenna-budut-lokacii-z-ukraini.html
On collected through United24 money will buy another 40 "fast"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694505-na-zibrani-cerez-united24-grosi-zakuplat-ise-40-svidkih.html
The modern building of the National Rehabilitation Center "Unbreakable" was opened in Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694508-u-lvovi-vidkrili-sucasnij-korpus-nacionalnogo-reabilitacijnogo-centru-nezlamni.html
Ocean Plaza Kiev shopping mall has switched to state property
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3694509-kiivskij-trc-ocean-plaza-perejsov-u-vlasnist-derzavi.html
In Kakhovka, the Russians seized the bank and organized a "passport table" there
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694513-u-kahovci-rosiani-zahopili-primisenna-banku-ta-organizuvali-pasportnij-stil.html
Svitolina will play at the tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694514-svitolina-zigrae-na-turniri-u-rimi.html
The Ukrainian Colors of Pysanka festival was held in Athens
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3694485-v-afinah-vidbuvsa-ukrainskij-festival-colors-of-pysanka.html
In Britain, doctors started a four -day strike
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694521-u-britanii-mediki-pocali-cotiridennij-strajk.html
Ukraine and the World Bank have discussed the opportunities to raise additional funds to rebuild
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3694519-ukraina-i-svitovij-bank-obgovorili-mozlivosti-zalucenna-dodatkovih-kostiv-dla-vidbudovi.html
The Council plans to simplify the conditions for repayment of loans - who will be concerned
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694524-rada-planue-sprostiti-umovi-pogasenna-kreditiv-kogo-stosuvatimetsa.html
Trump will return to New York to testify in a fraud case
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694525-tramp-povernetsa-do-nujorka-sob-svidciti-u-spravi-pro-sahrajstvo.html
Ukrzaliznytsia has reduced the cost of transportation of grain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694529-ukrzaliznica-zmensila-vartist-perevezenna-zernovih.html
Shmigal, together with Friland, met with Ukrainian community in Canada
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3694531-smigal-razom-iz-friland-proviv-zustric-z-ukrainskou-gromadou-u-kanadi.html
In Cherkasy region journalists of the Kolos newspaper are outraged - RVA official forbids articles with criticism of the UOC -MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694532-na-cerkasini-zurnalisti-gazeti-kolos-obureni-cinovnik-rva-zaboronae-statti-z-kritikou-upc-mp.html
The National Bank is offered to divide into two stages of insurance of military-political risks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694533-u-nacbanku-proponuut-rozdiliti-na-dva-etapi-strahuvanna-voennopoliticnih-rizikiv.html
The Heads of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine and Poland discussed the needs of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3694534-glavi-mzs-ukraini-ta-polsi-obgovorili-potrebi-zsu.html
In Kharkiv, the bankruptcy procedure of the city zoo began
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694528-u-harkovi-pocalasa-procedura-bankrutstva-miskogo-zooparku.html
Epiphanius consecrated Easter cakes for Ukrainian defenders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694538-epifanij-osvativ-paski-dla-ukrainskih-zahisnikiv.html
Saladukha: Thomas Bach does everything to Russian and Belarusian athletes at the Paris Olympics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694539-saladuha-tomas-bah-robit-vse-sob-rosijski-ta-biloruski-sportsmeni-buli-na-olimpiadi-u-parizi.html
Ukrzaliznytsia restored a third of railway bridges destroyed from the beginning of a full -scale war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3694542-ukrzaliznica-vidnovila-tretinu-zaliznicnih-mostiv-zrujnovanih-z-pocatku-povnomasstabnoi-vijni.html
Schemes of 260 million: a case was sent to the court about the existence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694541-shemi-na-260-miljoniv-do-sudu-napravili-spravu-sodo-brata-eksgolovi-derzinvestproektu.html
The Ministry of Finance has placed the T -bills of ₴ 2.4 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694543-minfin-rozmistiv-ovdp-na-24-milarda.html
In the Business Regulation Law, guarantees for farmers - Ministry of Agrarian Policy are preserved
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694546-u-zakonoproekti-pro-reguluvanna-biznesu-zberezeni-garantii-dla-fermeriv-minagropolitiki.html
Ukrgasbank has completed a quarter with a profit ₴ 1.4 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694547-ukrgazbank-zaversiv-kvartal-z-pributkom-14-milarda.html
The Crimean Gafarov in the Russian colony was placed in the Sizo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3694553-krimcanina-gafarova-u-rosijskij-kolonii-pomistili-u-sizo.html
Russia for two months refuses to pick up the prisoners offered by Ukraine - Lubinets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694552-rosia-dva-misaci-vidmovlaetsa-zabirati-polonenih-akih-zaproponuvala-ukraina-lubinec.html
Ukraine will be able to export pork to the EU - in the government called the condition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694551-ukraina-zmoze-eksportuvati-svininu-do-es-v-uradi-nazvali-umovu.html
The U-19 women's team of football has completed the selection for Euro 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694554-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-u19-z-futbolu-zaversila-vidbir-na-evro2023.html
Another brigade will appear in the Guard of the offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694555-u-gvardii-nastupu-zavitsa-se-odna-brigada.html
Ukrainians because of "action" have already purchased bonds for ₴ 670 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694556-ukrainci-cerez-diu-vze-pridbali-obligacij-na-670-miljoniv.html
Russia started exporting fuel to Iran by rail - Reuters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694557-rosia-pocala-eksportuvati-palivo-do-iranu-zalizniceu-reuters.html
In Ukraine, the fund for the implementation of energy efficiency projects - Kubrakov will work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3694558-v-ukraini-zapracue-fond-dla-realizacii-proektiv-energoefektivnosti-kubrakov.html
The Defense Ministry has created an office to support change
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694562-u-minoboroni-stvorili-ofis-z-pidtrimki-zmin.html
The Armed Forces were repelled over half a hundred enemy attacks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694563-aviacia-zsu-za-den-zavdala-13-udariv-po-poziciah-voroga.html
The next Ramstein meeting will take place on April 21 - US Air Force
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694565-nastupna-zustric-ramstajn-vidbudetsa-21-kvitna-povitrani-sili-ssa.html
Dzhaparova handed over India's premiere from Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3694566-dzaparova-peredala-premeru-indii-lista-vid-zelenskogo.html
World prices for products can grow by 15% through a blockade of "grain agreement" by Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694567-svitovi-cini-na-produkti-mozut-zrosti-na-15-cerez-blokadu-zernovoi-ugodi-rosieu.html
In the Kiev subway, a children's location from UNICEF was launched
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3694568-u-kiivskomu-metro-zapracuvala-ditaca-lokacia-vid-unisef.html
Kuleba After talking to Blinken: The US is convinced that Ukraine is able to win on the battlefield
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3694569-kuleba-pisla-rozmovi-z-blinkenom-u-ssa-vpevneni-so-ukraina-zdatna-peremagati-na-poli-bou.html
The Government has released the Director of the Bureau of Economic Security
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694573-urad-zvilniv-direktora-buro-ekonomicnoi-bezpeki.html
UkSATSE commented on the European Control Found on the Closed Sky by 2029
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694572-ukraeroruh-prokomentuvav-prognoz-evrokontrolu-sodo-zakritogo-neba-do-2029-roku.html
Lithuanian instructors went to Germany to train Ukrainian military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694578-litovski-instruktori-virusili-do-frn-dla-navcanna-ukrainskih-vijskovih.html
At the border of Azerbaijan and Armenia there was a shootout
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694584-na-kordoni-azerbajdzanu-ta-virmenii-stalasa-perestrilka.html
Ukraine's female handball team made its way to the 2023 World Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694581-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-gandbolu-probilasa-na-cempionat-svitu2023.html
Canada and Ukraine have expanded the free trade agreement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694582-kanada-ta-ukraina-rozsirili-ugodu-pro-vilnu-torgivlu.html
The US Senate initiates a secret briefing on response to Pentagon's - CNN documents
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694588-u-senati-ssa-iniciuut-sekretnij-brifing-sodo-reaguvanna-na-vitik-dokumentiv-pentagona-cnn.html
In Mariupol, after the rain flooded apartments and roads, the sewer broke through
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694587-u-mariupoli-pisla-dosu-zatopilo-kvartiri-i-dorogi-prorvalo-kanalizaciu.html
Poland will ask the European Commission for the Recovery of Duties for Ukrainian Agricultural Products
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694591-polsa-prositime-evrokomisiu-pro-vidnovlenna-mita-na-ukrainsku-agroprodukciu.html
Canada has announced a new defense package for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694589-kanada-ogolosila-pro-novij-paket-oboronnoi-dopomogi-dla-ukraini.html
The government has agreed to appoint the heads of Lugansk and Sumy Regional State Administration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694594-urad-pogodiv-priznacenna-goliv-luganskoi-ta-sumskoi-oda.html
NBU and State Department discussed the increased sanction pressure on the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694595-nbu-ta-derzdep-obgovorili-posilenna-sankcijnogo-tisku-na-rf.html
Reporters without borders criticized restrictions for the media on the front line in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694598-reporteri-bez-kordoniv-rozkritikuvali-obmezenna-dla-zmi-na-linii-frontu-v-ukraini.html
The Council plans to simplify the conditions of production of wine and craft alcoholic beverages
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694601-rada-planue-sprostiti-umovi-virobnictva-vina-ta-kraftovih-alkogolnih-napoiv.html
US fused secret documents have serious inaccuracies - the Ministry of Defense of Britain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694602-zliti-sekretni-dokumenti-ssa-maut-serjozni-netocnosti-minoboroni-britanii.html
The Russian army fired at the community twice in Dnipropetrovsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694605-armia-rf-dvici-obstrilala-gromadu-na-dnipropetrovsini.html
In the Hague protesters tried to disrupt Macron's performance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694606-u-gaazi-protestuvalniki-namagalisa-zirvati-vistup-makrona.html
Under the Liman, Ukrainian artillery destroyed two Russian tanks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694608-pid-limanom-ukrainska-artileria-znisila-dva-rosijskih-tanki.html
Fired the day before the defenders are already undergoing rehabilitation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694610-zvilneni-z-polonu-zahisniki-prohodat-reabilitaciu.html
Ukraine will buy nuclear fuel in Canada
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694616-ukraina-zakupovuvatime-aderne-palivo-u-kanadi.html
In Ukraine tomorrow is expected to rain, in the afternoon up to 13 ° heat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694495-v-ukraini-zavtra-ocikuetsa-dos-vden-do-13-tepla.html
Prometheus went out to the 1/4 finals of a basketball European Cup, beating Hamburg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694618-prometej-vijsov-do-14-finalu-basketbolnogo-evrokubka-obigravsi-gamburg.html
Latvia begins lawsuits over Russian propaganda media workers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694619-u-latvii-pocinautsa-sudovi-procesi-nad-pracivnikami-rosijskih-propagandistskih-zmi.html
Ukraine hopes to expand heavy weapons from Canada - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694621-ukraina-spodivaetsa-na-rozsirenna-postavok-vazkoi-zbroi-vid-kanadi-smigal.html
Romania plans to buy US F-35 fighter jets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694425-rumunia-planue-pridbati-amerikanski-vinisuvaci-f35.html
The White House commented on Biden's possible participation in the presidential race
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694625-bilij-dim-prokomentuvav-mozlivu-ucasti-bajdena-v-prezidentskih-peregonah.html
Shmigal called Canada one of the leaders in imposing sanctions against Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694623-smigal-nazvav-kanadu-odnim-iz-lideriv-u-zaprovadzenni-sankcij-proti-rf.html
More than 380 shelling of the Russian Federation was recorded in the Liman-Kupyan direction per day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694626-na-limanskokupanskomu-napramku-za-dobu-zafiksuvali-ponad-380-obstriliv-rf.html
The project was introduced to the Council by a resolution that blocks the signing of the law on supplements to the military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3694631-do-radi-vnesli-proekt-postanovi-so-blokue-pidpisanna-zakonu-pro-doplati-vijskovim.html
Epicenter-Podolyany beat Prometheus at the start of the Ukrainian Volleyball Super League finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694628-epicentrpodolani-obigrali-prometej-na-starti-finalu-superligi-ukraini-z-volejbolu.html
Zelensky discussed with Howard Buffette Aid to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694629-zelenskij-obgovoriv-iz-govardom-baffetom-dopomogu-ukraini.html
"Wagner" will be enough for two months if they do not change tactics - abdomen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694630-vagnerivciv-vistacit-na-dva-misaci-akso-ne-zminat-taktiku-cerevatij.html
SBU announced Oksana Marchenko in search
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694637-sbu-ogolosila-oksanu-marcenko-a-rozsuk.html
Russians fired nine border communities of Sumy region, there is a destruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694634-rosiani-obstrilali-devat-prikordonnih-gromad-sumsini-e-rujnuvanna.html
The Armed Forces counter -offensive can start in the summer - shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694636-kontrnastup-zsu-moze-rozpocatisa-vlitku-smigal.html
On George Narbut Avenue, a water supply was broken
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3694599-u-kievi-na-prospekti-georgia-narbuta-stalasa-avaria-na-vodoprovidnij-merezi.html
Canada has introduced Stancies on Prigogine and the National Bank of Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694639-kanada-zaprovadila-sankci-sodo-kompanii-prigozina-i-nacbanku-bilorusi.html
Japan Defense Ministry has signed contracts with Mitsubishi Heavy Industries to deliver missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694641-minoboroni-aponii-pidpisalo-kontrakti-z-mitsubishi-heavy-industries-na-postavku-raket.html
The invaders turned a part of Bakhmut into Syrian Aleppo - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694645-zagarbniki-peretvorili-castinu-bahmuta-na-sirijske-aleppo-malar.html
APL. Zinchenko's "Chelsea" Mudrik's "Chelsea" will take place in early May.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694647-apl-matc-arsenala-zincenka-iz-celsi-mudrika-vidbudetsa-na-pocatku-travna.html
Canada has already sent more than 4,000 tons of military assistance to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694643-kanada-vze-dopravila-v-ukrainu-ponad-4000-tonn-vijskovoi-dopomogi.html
It is important not to lose the feeling of the path we have to go through - the President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694651-vazlivo-ne-vtracati-vidcutta-slahu-akim-maemo-projti-prezident.html
Investigation of leakage of documents in the US may take several months
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694649-rozsliduvanna-vitoku-dokumentiv-u-ssa-moze-trivati-kilka-misaciv.html
Canada's assistance to Ukraine exceeded $ 6 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694650-dopomoga-kanadi-ukraini-perevisila-6-milardiv.html
In Moldova, they advised Zakharov not to interfere with the country's internal affairs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694653-u-moldovi-poradili-zaharovij-ne-vtrucatisa-u-vnutrisni-spravi-kraini.html
Zelensky urged Ukrainians not to ignore the war and to help the state
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694656-zelenskij-zaklikav-ukrainciv-ne-ignoruvati-vijnu-ta-dopomagati-derzavi.html
Війська рф надвечір обстріляли Бериславський район, спалахнула пожежа
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694657-vijska-rf-nadvecir-obstrilali-berislavskij-rajon-spalahnula-pozeza.html
Manchester City beat Bavaria in the first match of the 1/4 finals of the UEFA Champions League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694658-mancester-siti-peregrav-bavariu-u-persomu-matci-14-finalu-ligi-cempioniv-uefa.html
UEFA Champions League: Benfica in Lisbon lost "Inter"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694659-liga-cempioniv-uefa-benfika-u-lisaboni-prograla-interu.html
In the EU, Macron's ideas about "strategic autonomy" from the USA - Michelle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694660-u-es-bilsae-simpatikiv-idei-makrona-sodo-strategicnoi-avtonomii-vid-ssa-misel.html
Ukraine plans to attract a minimum of 5 thousand sappers to mine Ukrainian territories - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/ukrayina-planuye-zaluchyty-minimum-5-tysyach-saperiv-dlya-rozminuvannya-ukrayinskyh-terytorij-oleksij-reznikov/
Викрито шахраїв, які виманювали гроші в охочих виїхати із Бахмута
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/vykryto-shahrayiv-yaki-vymanyuvaly-groshi-v-ohochyh-vyyihaty-iz-bahmuta/
Ukraine handed over five more seriously wounded prisoners
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/ukrayina-peredala-rosijskij-storoni-shhe-pyatoh-vazhkoporanenyh-polonenyh/
Parliament recommended to adopt as a whole and as a whole
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/parlament-rekomenduvav-pryjnyaty-za-osnovu-ta-v-czilomu-zakonoproyekty-na-pidtrymku-potreb-oborony/
Tot graduates are eligible for free education in universities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/vypusknyky-z-tot-mayut-pravo-na-bezkoshtovne-navchannya-u-vyshah/
"There are no tanks, gave up machines and said we're now infantry" - intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/ony-tankyst%d1%8b-ym-skazaly-chto-tankov-net-v%d1%8b-teper-pehota-avtomat%d1%8b-v%d1%8bdaly-perehoplennya-gur/
56 other deputies of the State Duma of the Russian Federation, who voted for recognition of "LNR" and "DNR" will be judged
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/sudytymut-shhe-56-deputativ-derzhdumy-rf-yaki-golosuvaly-za-vyznannya-lnr-ta-dnr/
Erobota: New grants to start or business development for veterans
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/yerobota-novi-granty-na-start-chy-rozvytok-biznesu-dlya-veteraniv/
The Kremlin is trying to unite the Russians around the "sacred war" - CPD
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/kreml-namagayetsya-obyednaty-rosiyan-navkolo-svyashhennoyi-vijny-czpd/
Aid Platform - Key Support Support Victims As a result of War
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/platforma-dopomogy-vryatovanym-klyuchovi-servisy-pidtrymky-postrazhdalyh-vnaslidok-vijny-v-odnomu-misczi/
Defense forces knocked down the enemy helicopter Mi-24 and 9 UAV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/syly-oborony-zbyly-vorozhyj-gelikopter-mi-24-ta-9-bpla/
During the last day, the Rashists fired at 60 settlements of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/protyagom-mynulogo-dnya-vorog-zdijsnyv-obstrily-60-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny/
Our defenders repelled 52 enemy attacks in Liman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/nashi-zahysnyky-vidbyly-52-ataky-protyvnyka-na-lymanskomu-bahmutskomu-avdiyivskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah/
The enemy retains military presence in border areas with Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/vorog-zberigaye-vijskovu-prysutnist-u-prykordonnyh-z-ukrayinoyu-rajonah/
In temporarily occupied territories, invaders increase pressure on civilians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/na-tymchasovo-okupovanyh-terytoriyah-zagarbnyky-posylyuyut-tysk-na-myrnyh-zhyteliv/
Enemy loss per day: 500 occupiers were eliminated, 7 tanks and 10 BBM were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-500-okupantiv-znyshheno-7-tankiv-i-10-bbm/
The composition of the public anti -correrad at the Ministry of Defense was approved
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/zatverdzheno-sklad-gromadskoyi-antykorrady-pry-minoborony/
The head of state made changes to the rates of the Supreme Commander -in -Chief
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/glava-derzhavy-vnis-zminy-do-skladu-stavky-verhovnogo-golovnokomanduvacha-4/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Україна вийшла з протоколу СНД про спільні антитерористичні заходи
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/ukrayina-vyjshla-z-protokolu-snd-pro-spilni-antyterorystychni-zahody/
The crimes of the Russians in Bucha and Irpen can be compared to the Katin tragedy - Poland Poland at the UN
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/zlochyny-rosiyan-v-buchi-ta-irpeni-mozhna-porivnyaty-z-katynskoyu-tragediyeyu-postpred-polshhi-v-oon/
During the day, rescuers have been traveling almost two hundred times to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-majzhe-dvisti-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv/
US begins training with nuclear restraint
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/ssha-rozpochynayut-navchannya-z-yadernogo-strymuvannya/
The Verkhovna Rada called on NATO to accelerate Ukraine's accession to the Alliance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/verhovna-rada-zaklykala-nato-pryskoryty-vstup-ukrayiny-do-alyansu/
Russia fired 117 settlements of Ukraine per day, the dead and wounded are
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/rosiya-za-dobu-obstrilyala-117-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-ye-zagybli-ta-poraneni/
More than 400 explosive items and airboms were neutralized per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-400-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-ta-aviabombu/
In Kharkiv, a group of FSB informants is neutralized
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/na-harkivshhyni-nejtralizovano-grupu-informatoriv-fsb/
Germany handed Ukraine a new batch of reconnaissance drones
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/nimechchyna-peredala-ukrayini-novu-partiyu-droniv-rozvidnykiv/
The warriors of the princely brigade destroyed the enemy helicopter in an atypical way - the componer Colonel Alexander Okhrimenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/voyiny-knyazivskoyi-brygady-znyshhyly-vorozhyj-gelikopter-u-netypovyj-sposib-kombryg-polkovnyk-oleksandr-ohrimenko/
Museums will show artifacts from the cruiser on the anniversary of Moscow.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/vidkryttya-onovlenoyi-vystavky-z-nagody-richnyczi-znyshhennya-krejseru-moskva/
In the Black and Mediterranean seas, the enemy holds four carriers of Caliber missiles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/u-chornomu-ta-seredzemnomu-moryah-vorog-trymaye-10-nosiyiv-raket-kalibr/
The junior lieutenants were released into the window
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/u-viknu-vidbuvsya-vypusk-molodshyh-lejtenantiv/
The Government has allowed the military personnel to be presented regardless of their place of residence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/uryad-dozvolyv-vruchaty-povistky-vijskovozobovyazanym-nezalezhno-vid-misczya-perebuvannya-na-obliku/
Strategic level trainers were introduced to the cybersecurity system of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/sluhachiv-kursu-pidgotovky-oficzeriv-strategichnogo-rivnya-oznajomyly-z-systemoyu-kiberbezpeky-ukrayiny/
Президент подякував воїнам, які у боях наближають перемогу України
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/prezydent-podyakuvav-voyinam-yaki-u-boyah-nablyzhayut-peremogu-ukrayiny/
The "police officer" from Rzuma was sentenced to 12 years for cooperation with the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/policzejskogo-z-izyuma-zasudyly-do-12-rokiv-za-spivpraczyu-z-okupantamy/
The Head of State honored the memory of the victims of Nazi concentration camps
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/prezydent-ukrayiny-vshanuvav-pamyat-zhertv-naczystskyh-koncztaboriv-2/
On the anniversary of Sumy region, the Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces thanked her to the liberators
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/u-richnyczyu-deokupacziyi-sumshhyny-golovnokomanduvach-zsu-podyakuvav-yiyi-vyzvolytelyam/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 17,000 crimes against National Security have been documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-17-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-naczbezpeky/
The Russian side inhibits the return of "Azov" - coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/rosijska-storona-galmuye-povernennya-azovcziv-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
In Kharkiv region, another Russian drone was knocked down
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/na-harkivshhyni-zbyly-chergovyj-rosijskyj-bezpilotnyk/
12 years by lattice: court confirmed a sentence for three Russian military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/12-rokiv-za-gratamy-sud-pidtverdyv-vyrok-dlya-troh-rosijskyh-vijskovyh/
April 12 at the Military Media Center will be a prescent with military doctors
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/12-kvitnya-u-military-media-center-vidbudetsya-preszustrich-z-vijskovymy-likaryamy/
Ukraine and Romania will cooperate in the field of cybersecurity
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/ukrayina-ta-rumuniya-spivpraczyuvatymut-u-sferi-kiberbezpeky/
Прикордоння Сумщини обстріляли з мінометів
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/prykordonnya-sumshhyny-obstrilyaly-z-minometiv/
The Russian serviceman will judge for the cruel murder of the civilians of Irpen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/vijskovosluzhbovczya-rf-sudytymut-za-zhorstoke-vbyvstvo-myrnyh-meshkancziv-irpenya/
The Russians wanted to capture Kiev in 3-5 days, but the forces of defense completely defeated the intentions of the enemy-Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/zahopyty-kyyiv-rosiyany-hotily-za-3-5-dib-ale-syly-oborony-vshhent-rozbyly-namiry-voroga-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
The President held a meeting - analyzed the state of providing ammunition units
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/prezydent-proviv-zasidannya-stavky-proanalizuvaly-stan-zabezpechennya-pidrozdiliv-boyeprypasamy/
Poland builds NATO warehouses where thousands of equipment will be placed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/polshha-sporudzhuye-sklady-nato-de-rozmistyat-tysyachi-odynycz-tehniky/
The General Staff of the Armed Forces released the staff of our military in Britain
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/genshtab-zsu-oprylyudnyv-atmosferni-kadry-navchannya-nashyh-vijskovyh-u-brytaniyi/
Families of captive paratroopers met with representatives of the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/rodyny-polonenyh-desantnykiv-zustrilysya-z-predstavnykamy-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-2/
Dmytro Kuleba and OSCE Chairman discussed the immediate and long -term needs of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/dmytro-kuleba-ta-golova-obsye-obgovoryly-najblyzhchi-ta-dovgostrokovi-potreby-zsu/
Parliament approved in the first reading two bills that provide for improving the work of VLK
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/parlament-uhvalyv-u-pershomu-chytanni-dva-zakonoproyekty-yaki-peredbachayut-udoskonalennya-roboty-vijskovo-likarskyh-komisij/
Defense forces per day repelled more than 50 enemy attacks - the General Staff of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/syly-oborony-za-dobu-vidbyly-ponad-50-vorozhyh-atak-genshtab-zsu/
Due to the great loss of the Russians in Kryakivka in Luhansk region launched a tent town for the wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/cherez-velyki-vtraty-rf-u-kryakivczi-na-luganshhyni-rozgornuly-nametove-mistechko-dlya-poranenyh/
Ukrainian aviation per day made 13 blows on the enemy and its technique
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/ukrayinska-aviacziya-za-dobu-zavdala-13-udariv-po-protyvnyku-ta-jogo-tehniczi/
Dmytro Kuleba and Italian Foreign Minister discussed new military assistance for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/dmytro-kuleba-i-glava-mzs-italiyi-obgovoryly-novu-vijskovu-dopomogu-ukrayini/
Eight invaders were condemned in Ukraine: stormed Bakhmut and explored the positions of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/v-ukrayini-zasudzheno-vismoh-bojovykiv-shturmuvaly-bahmut-i-rozviduvaly-pozycziyi-zsu/
Metropolitan Epiphanius consecrated Easter cakes for Ukrainian defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/mytropolyt-epifanij-osvyatyv-pasky-dlya-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv/
The US is convinced that Ukraine will win the battlefield - Dmytro Kuleba
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/u-ssha-vpevneni-shho-ukrayina-mozhe-peremogty-na-poli-boyu-dmytro-kuleba/
З небезпечних регіонів України за останні місяці евакуювали більше сотні тисяч осіб
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/z-nebezpechnyh-regioniv-ukrayiny-za-ostanni-misyaczi-evakuyuvaly-bilshe-sotni-tysyach-osib/
Under the Liman, Ukrainian artillerymen destroyed two Russian tanks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/pid-lymanom-ukrayinski-artylerysty-znyshhyly-dva-rosijskyh-tanky/
Our courageous warriors 8th month restrain Rosarmia in Bakhmut from advancement deep-Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/nashi-muzhni-voyiny-8-j-misyacz-strymuyut-rosarmiyu-u-bahmuti-vid-prosuvannya-vglyb-ganna-malyar/
It is now important not to lose the feeling of the path we have to go through - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/zaraz-vazhlyvo-ne-vtrachaty-vidchuttya-shlyahu-yakym-mayemo-projty-zvernennya-prezydenta-ukrayiny/
Canada has announced to provide Ukraine with additional military assistance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/kanada-ogolosyla-pro-nadannya-ukrayini-dodatkovoyi-vijskovoyi-dopomogy/
Ukrzaliznytsia completely restored the bridge across the Irpin River
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3694550-ukrzaliznica-povnistu-vidnovila-mist-cerez-ricku-irpin.html
The Verkhovna Rada banned the use of fireworks and salutes in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/12/verhovna-rada-zaboronyla-vykorystannya-feyerverkiv-ta-salyutiv-v-ukrayini/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====