乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-29

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Masutivka, Kyslivka, Kotlyarivka and Berestove of ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5210
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Dibrova, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Ya...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5211
AT Bakhmut Direction Rusian Army Shelled Nikiforivka, Vasukivka, Rozdolivka, Markovo, Chromo
https://t.me/lumsrc/5212
JS
https://t.me/lumsrc/5213
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Katerynivka, Elizabeth, Bogoyavlenka, good ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5215
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Novodarivka, Olhivske, Poltavka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5216
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5217
Ukrainian Defense Forces shot down Russian Su-25 with Igla MANPADS
https://t.me/UkraineNow/35395
The coordination headquarters discussed the mechanism of confirmation of captivity by Russia and the work of the Red Cross
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-obgovoryly-mehanizm-pidtverdzhennya-polonu-rosiyeyu-i-robotu-chervonogo-hresta/
The United States has imposed sanctions against companies related to Wagner PEC
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/ssha-zaprovadyly-sankcziyi-proty-kompanij-povyazanyh-z-pvk-vagner/
Lithuania purchased for Ukraine NASAMS
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/lytva-prydbala-dlya-ukrayiny-nasams/
Council of European Secretary General reacted to Russia's missile stroke on Kramatorsk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/gensek-rady-yevropy-vidreaguvala-na-raketnyj-udar-rosiyi-po-kramatorsku/
Rocket stroke on Kramatorsk: the number of dead increased to 9, 3 of them children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/raketnyj-udar-po-kramatorsku-kilkist-zagyblyh-zrosla-do-9-z-nyh-3-dytyny/
The EU has agreed the law on joint purchase of weapons that will increase deliveries to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/u-yes-pogodyly-zakon-pro-spilnu-zakupivlyu-zbroyi-yakyj-zbilshyt-postavky-do-ukrayiny/
Alexei Reznikov thanked the US for a new defensive package: we will restore peace in Europe
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/oleksij-reznikov-podyakuvav-ssha-za-novyj-oboronnyj-paket-my-vidnovymo-myr-u-yevropi/
NATO Secretary General met with seven members of the Alliance to prepare the Vilnius Summit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/gensek-nato-zustrivsya-z-simoma-chlenamy-alyansu-dlya-pidgotovky-vilnyuskogo-samitu/
Prime Minister of the Netherlands: We will support Ukraine until it is expelled by the Russians from their land
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/premyer-niderlandiv-my-pidtrymuvatymemo-ukrayinu-doty-dopoky-vona-ne-vyzhene-rosiyan-zi-svoyeyi-zemli/
In Kherson the water level in the Dnieper entered the natural channel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/u-hersoni-riven-vody-u-dnipri-uvijshov-v-pryrodnye-ruslo/
The Russian army attacked 11 regions of Ukraine per day: there are victims
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/rosijska-armiya-za-dobu-atakuvala-11-oblastej-ukrayiny-ye-zhertvy/
Ukrainians proved that worthy of having a sovereign state that will certainly take a proper place in the world - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/ukrayinczi-dovely-shho-gidni-maty-suverennu-derzhavu-yaka-neodminno-posyade-nalezhne-miscze-u-sviti-oleksij-reznikov/
Ukrainian scouts neutralized the enemy station of the Reb
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/ukrayinski-rozvidnyky-zneshkodyly-vorozhu-stancziyu-reb/
From the first days of the Large War, Russia damaged 1376 health facilities and 184 - destroyed completely
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/z-pershyh-dniv-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-vijny-rosiya-poshkodyla-1376-obyektiv-medzakladiv-ta-shhe-184-zrujnuvala-vshhent/
On June 29, there will be a discussion panel "The Rebellion of Prigogine and its Impact on the Political Situation in the Russian Federation"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/29-chervnya-u-military-media-center-vidbudetsya-dyskusijna-panel-zakolot-prygozhyna-ta-jogo-vplyv-na-politychnu-sytuacziyu-v-rf-ta-perebig-rosijsko-ukrayinskoyi-vijny/
Croatia recognized the Holodomor with the genocide of the Ukrainian people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/horvatiya-vyznala-golodomor-genoczydom-ukrayinskogo-narodu/
Detained the corrector of the Russian rocket stroke on Kramatorsk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/zatrymano-koryguvalnyka-rosijskogo-raketnogo-udaru-po-kramatorsku/
Ukraine seeks to localize the production of Western weapons to make the industry the most powerful in Europe - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/ukrayina-pragne-lokalizuvaty-vyrobnycztvo-zahidnoyi-zbroyi-aby-galuz-stala-najpotuzhnishoyu-u-yevropi-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
From last year to 5000 soldiers of the Armed Forces were trained in Germany on major combat tanks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/iz-mynulogo-roku-do-5000-soldativ-zsu-projshly-navchannya-u-nimechchyni-na-osnovnyh-bojovyh-tankah/
What to do if the activity of a missing person is revealed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/shho-robyty-yakshho-vyyavleno-aktyvnist-telefonu-znykloyi-bezvisty-lyudyny/
The Verkhovna Rada approved the appeal to NATO summit participants
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/verhovna-rada-uhvalyla-zvernennya-do-uchasnykiv-samitu-nato/
Ukraine demonstrates loyalty and power in the struggle for its constitutional rights and freedoms - Valery Zaluzhny
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/ukrayina-demonstruye-virnist-ta-micz-u-borotbi-za-svoyi-konstytuczijni-prava-ta-svobody-valerij-zaluzhnyj/
Josep Borrel on the rocket strike of the Russian Federation on Kramatorsk: it is terror against Ukrainians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/zhozep-borrel-pro-raketnyj-udar-rf-po-kramatorsku-cze-teror-proty-ukrayincziv/
More than 300 explosive items were neutralized by pyrotechnics per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/ponad-300-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-zneshkodyly-pirotehniky-za-dobu/
In the bare pier, the occupiers have arranged disassembly of stolen cars - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/u-golij-prystani-okupanty-oblashtuvaly-punkty-dlya-rozboru-vykradenyh-avtomobiliv-ganna-malyar/
At night, Rosarmia fired at the Sumy and Chernihiv border with the artillery and mortars
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/vnochi-zi-stvolnoyi-artyleriyi-i-minometiv-rosarmiya-obstrilyala-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-i-chernigivshhyny/
Relatives of prisoners of mountain infantrymen met with representatives of the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/rodychi-polonenyh-girskyh-pihotyncziv-zustrilysya-z-predstavnykamy-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu/
There are no hostile rocket launchers in the Black and Azov Seas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/u-chornomu-ta-azovskomu-moryah-narazi-nemaye-vorozhyh-raketonosiyiv-3/
No one has the right to determine the fate of Ukraine without asking our heroes - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/nihto-ne-maye-prava-vyznachaty-dolyu-ukrayiny-ne-pytayuchy-nashyh-geroyiv-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Crimes of the Russian Federation against National Security of Ukraine: more than 17 thousand cases have been recorded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/zlochyny-rf-proty-naczbezpeky-ukrayiny-zafiksovano-ponad-17-tysyach-vypadkiv-2/
The Ministry of Finance urges Russia to recognize high -risk jurisdiction for financing Wagner PECs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/minfin-zaklykaye-vyznaty-rosiyu-yurysdykcziyeyu-z-vysokym-rivnem-ryzyku-za-finansuvannya-pvk-vagner-z-derzhbyudzhetu-rf/
The Russian Federation continues to mock our people who find themselves in temporarily occupied territories - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/sogodni-ukrayina-boronyt-vid-voroga-klyuchovi-postulaty-svoyeyi-konstytucziyi-valerij-zaluzhnyj/
For violation of the rights of children of the United Nations, the Russian Federation included as a side of armed conflict, in the "List of Shame"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/za-porushennya-prav-ditej-oon-vklyuchylo-rf-yak-storonu-zbrojnogo-konfliktu-do-spysku-ganby/
The President of Ukraine proposes the Verkhovna Rada to formally consolidate the status of English
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/prezydent-ukrayiny-proponuye-verhovnij-radi-oficzijno-zakripyty-status-anglijskoyi-movy/
Everyone in its place protects the values of the Basic Law: Alexei Reznikov presented state and departmental awards for the Day of the Constitution of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/kozhen-na-svoyemu-misczi-zahyshhaye-czinnosti-osnovnogo-zakonu-oleksij-reznikov-vruchyv-derzhavni-ta-vidomchi-nagorody-do-dnya-konstytucziyi-ukrayiny/
Colonel Sergei Yaremenko was awarded the title Hero of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/polkovnyku-sergiyu-yaremenku-prysvoyeno-zvannya-geroj-ukrayiny/
At least a month will continue checks of specialists of all CCC and JV - Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/minimum-misyacz-tryvatymut-perevirky-diyalnosti-fahivcziv-usih-tczk-ta-sp-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
The Council allowed the military to use cars with the right location of the steering wheel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/rada-dozvolyla-vijskovym-vykorystovuvaty-avto-z-pravym-roztashuvannyam-kerma/
During the day of Ukraine's defense forces, about 20 invaders' attacks were repelled
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/za-dobu-syly-oborony-ukrayiny-vidbyly-blyzko-20-atak-okupantiv/
For servicemen increased the duration of leave to 30 days
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/dlya-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-zbilshyly-tryvalist-vidpustky-do-30-dniv/
It is important to evaluate our offensive actions correctly - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/vazhlyvo-korektno-oczinyuvaty-nashi-nastupalni-diyi-ganna-malyar/
Power is ready and elaborates all possible scenarios for the development
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/vlada-gotova-j-opraczovuye-vsi-mozhlyvi-sczenariyi-rozvytku-podij-na-zaes-minreintegracziyi/
Compulsory knowledge of English for the military must be enshrined in legislative - Sergey Naev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/vvazhayu-shho-vyvchennya-vijskovosluzhbovczyamy-anglijskoyi-movy-z-maye-buty-zakripleno-na-zakonodavchomu-rivni-sergij-nayev/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Presidents of Poland and Lithuania in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/volodymyr-zelenskyj-zustrivsya-z-prezydentamy-polshhi-ta-lytvy-v-kyyevi/
Volodymyr Zelensky expressed his gratitude for the defense assistance provided by Poland to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/volodymyr-zelenskyj-vyslovyv-podyaku-za-oboronnu-dopomogu-yaku-polshha-nadaye-ukrayini/
During the day, the Russians inflicted 2 missile and 44 aviation blows in Ukraine - peaceful people were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/protyagom-doby-rosiyany-zavdaly-2-raketnyh-ta-44-aviaczijnyh-udariv-po-ukrayini-postrazhdaly-myrni-lyudy/
A commission was formed to check the state of bridges in Ukraine - Alexander Kubrakov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/utvoreno-komisiyu-dlya-perevirky-stanu-mostiv-v-ukrayini-oleksandr-kubrakov/
Ukrainian Aviation per day struck 11 blows on the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/ukrayinska-aviacziya-za-dobu-zavdala-11-udariv-po-vorogu/
Military musicians for the Constitution Day filmed a video clip for Tatiana Yarova's author's song "Ukraine"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/vijskovi-muzykanty-do-dnya-konstytucziyi-znyaly-videoklip-na-avtorsku-pisnyu-tetyany-yarovoyi-ukrayina/
Presidents of Ukraine and the Republic of Lithuania held a bilateral meeting in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/volodymyr-zelenskyj-i-gitanas-nausyeda-provely-dvostoronnyu-zustrich-u-kyyevi/
Russia and its accomplices should feel that the price of their terror will only increase for them - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/rosiya-ta-yiyi-spilnyky-povynni-vidchuvaty-shho-czina-yihnogo-teroru-dlya-nyh-lyshe-zbilshuvatymetsya-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Ukrainian defenders "Igla" knocked down the Russian Su-25 fighter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-igloyu-zbyly-rosijskyj-vynyshhuvach-su-25/
The capital presented monographs on Sofia Kyiv and Vladimir the Great
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3729475-u-stolici-prezentuvali-monografii-pro-sofiu-kiivsku-ta-volodimira-velikogo.html
The Czech Republic has imposed sanctions against the Russian oligarch Yevtushenko and his son
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729421-cehia-vvela-sankcii-proti-rosijskogo-oligarha-evtusenkova-ta-jogo-sina.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Levadne, Olhivske, Huliaipole, Za...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5225
Ukraine sue
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729422-ukraina-podae-pozov-do-miznarodnogo-sudu-oon-proti-iranu-za-zbitta-litaka-mau.html
Norway has provided $ 190 million grants for Ukraine's rebuilding
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3729399-norvegia-nadala-190-miljoniv-grantu-na-vidbudovu-ukraini.html
Danilov about ZPP: Ukraine is preparing for any scenarios, the world's response should be instantaneous
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729535-danilov-pro-zaes-ukraina-gotuetsa-do-budakih-scenariiv-reakcia-svitu-mala-b-buti-mittevou.html
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled Kolodyazne, Figololivka, Novomlinsk, two -year, Nagu ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5219
Zelensky discussed with Guatemala President Possible Formats Summit of Ukraine - Latin America
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729534-zelenskij-obgovoriv-iz-prezidentom-gvatemali-mozlivi-formati-samitu-ukraina-latinska-amerika.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske, Ver...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5220
NAPC found corruption risks in public procurement during martial law
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729533-nazk-viavilo-korupcijni-riziki-v-publicnih-zakupivlah-pid-cas-voennogo-stanu.html
At Bahmut Direction Russia Army Shellled Vasukivka, Orichovo-Vasilka, Marks, Chromes, C ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5221
Ukrainian skewers became fifth at European Games in Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729530-ukrainski-spazistki-stali-patimi-na-evropejskih-igrah-u-polsi.html
The OP explained in which circumstances Zelensky would not come to NATO's summit to Vilnius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729532-v-op-poasnili-za-akih-obstavin-zelenskij-ne-priide-na-samit-nato-u-vilnus.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Berdyshi, Avdiivka, Vodyane, Karlovka And First ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5222
The possible base of "Wagnets" in Belarus will be considered at the meeting of the rates - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729527-mozlive-bazuvanna-vagnerivciv-u-bilorusi-rozglanut-na-zasidanni-stavki-danilov.html
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Maryinka and Pobyeda of Donetsk region. Russian av...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5223
Ukrainian Defense Forces advancing at Rivnopil-Volodyne direction and took strategic initiati...
https://www.facebook.com/GeneralStaff.ua/posts/pfbid0eeBFhXp1HmeZdxwFXZezpHpLp9sJPdbbWiVFSyZmHTcgZ5S5YUwdjjXN8PFi4vqml
1 person killed, 2 wounded as result of Russian shelling in Bilozerka of Kherson region
https://t.me/spravdi/30916
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Leonivka of Chernihiv reg...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5218
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Konstantinovka, Paraskovivka, Novomikhailivka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5224
2 person killed, 2 more wounded as result of shelling in Kherson
https://t.me/espresotb/66629
The commander of the Air Intelligence Unit "Magyara Birds" was awarded with an honorary badge
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729536-komandira-pidrozdilu-aerorozvidki-ptahi-madara-nagorodili-pocesnim-nagrudnim-znakom.html
Mobile operators will reserve the numbers of dead or missing defenders for 2 years
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/mobilni-operatory-rezervuvatymut-nomery-zagyblyh-chy-znyklyh-zahysnykiv-na-2-roky/
The IMF has improved expectations for Ukraine's macroeconomic prospects in 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729552-mvf-pokrasiv-ocikuvanna-sodo-makroekonomicnih-perspektiv-ukraini-u-2023-roci.html
The beginning of negotiations on Ukraine's membership in the EU will increase the unity of Europe - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729553-pocatok-peregovoriv-pro-clenstvo-ukraini-v-es-posilit-ednist-evropi-zelenskij.html
Ukrainian defenders per day destroyed the enemy Su-25 aircraft and three reconnaissance UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-znyshhyly-rosijskyj-vorozhyj-litak-su-25-ta-3-rozviduvalnyh-bpla/
UN leadership on the Radbezi once again indicated Russia that she was receiving weapons from abroad
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729554-kerivnictvo-oon-na-radbezi-vkotre-vkazalo-rosii-so-vona-otrimue-zbrou-zza-kordonu.html
The IMF explained which reforms expected from Ukraine to highlight the next tranches
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729557-mvf-poasniv-akih-reform-ocikue-vid-ukraini-dla-vidilenna-nastupnih-transiv.html
During the last day, the Russians have inflicted 2 missile and 50 air strikes in Ukraine, there are victims
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-rosiyany-zavdaly-2-raketnyh-ta-50-aviaudariv-po-ukrayini-ye-postrazhdali/
Partners noted the sustainability of the Ukrainian economy - lush
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729556-partneri-vidznacili-stijkist-ukrainskoi-ekonomiki-pisnij.html
Air Force recorded the run of "shahas" from
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729558-povitrani-sili-zafiksuvali-zapusk-sahediv-z-rosii.html
Volodymyr Zelensky proposed the main directions of transformation that Ukraine should be carried out in decades
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/volodymyr-zelenskyj-zaproponuvav-osnovni-napryamy-transformacziyi-yaku-ukrayina-maye-zdijsnyty-za-desyatyrichchya/
Russia circulated a letter in the UN Security Council that it does not plan to blow up Zapori...
https://twitter.com/maria_avdv/status/1674515297342980099
In Kharkiv, the tractor exploded on ammunition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729381-na-harkivsini-traktor-pidirvavsa-na-boepripasi.html
MKIP requires information on the reconstruction of the Dniester Hotel from the Ivano-Frankivsk OVA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729389-mkip-vimagae-vid-ivanofrankivskoi-ova-informacii-pro-rekonstrukciu-gotelu-dnister.html
Humeniuk: There are signs of Russia's preparation for rocket strikes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729391-gumenuk-e-oznaki-pidgotovki-rosii-do-raketnih-udariv.html
The Ukrainians visited the charity premiere show "Shchedryk" in Tokyo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3729287-ukrainci-vidvidali-blagodijnij-dopremernij-pokaz-filmu-sedrik-u-tokio.html
Riots through a teenager's murder: 40,000 police officers are mobilizing in France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729392-zavorusenna-cerez-vbivstvo-pidlitka-u-francii-mobilizuut-40-tisac-policejskih.html
Most Ukrainians have relatives or friends who died or injured in the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729305-bilsist-ukrainciv-maut-ridnih-abo-druziv-aki-zaginuli-ci-poraneni-na-vijni.html
Bellingcat suggests that Russia can consider Tokmak flooding tactics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729395-bellincat-pripuskae-so-rosia-moze-rozgladati-taktiku-zatoplenna-tokmaka.html
Russia collects civilians to allegedly accelerate the process of their return - lubin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729388-rosia-zbirae-dani-civilnih-dla-nibito-priskorenna-procesu-ih-povernenna-lubinec.html
Introductory campaign: A 200 points have handed over 3,6 thousand participants for 200 points
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729394-vstupna-kampania-multitest-na-200-baliv-zdali-ponad-36-tisaci-ucasnikiv.html
The Verkhovna Rada Committee can view duplicate in the British Bill
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3729401-komitet-vr-moze-pereglanuti-normu-sodo-dublazu-v-zakonoproekti-pro-zastosuvanna-anglijskoi.html
In Lviv region, an illegal scheme of grain exports to Poland was exposed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729404-na-lvivsini-vikrili-nelegalnu-shemu-eksportu-zerna-do-polsi.html
Amelina writer, wounded when firing Kramatorsk, is in hospital - PEN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729407-pismennica-amelina-poranena-pri-obstrili-kramatorska-perebuvae-v-likarni-pen.html
China put forward the US condition for renewal of dialogue between the military - to withdraw sanctions from the Minister of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729409-kitaj-visunuv-ssa-umovu-ponovlenna-dialogu-miz-vijskovimi-znati-sankcii-z-ministra-oboroni.html
The EU may start negotiating with Ukraine on December entry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729412-es-moze-rozpocati-peregovori-z-ukrainou-pro-clenstvo-u-grudni.html
The return of cultural values from the Russian Federation depends when and on what conditions Ukraine wins - MKIP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3729411-povernenna-kulturnih-cinnostej-iz-rf-zalezit-koli-i-na-akih-umovah-ukraina-peremoze-mkip.html
It is impossible to prepare for a radiation accident so as to protect everyone 100% - Lyashko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729413-do-radiacijnoi-avarii-nemozlivo-pidgotuvatisa-tak-sob-zahistiti-vsih-na-100-lasko.html
South Africa will accept Summit Brix, despite the arrest of Putin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729416-pivdenna-afrika-prijme-samit-briks-popri-order-na-arest-putina.html
Community Development: The Council adopted a law on voting for projects in "Action"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3729417-rozvitok-gromad-rada-uhvalila-zakon-pro-golosuvanna-za-proekti-v-dii.html
The invaders do not give their native bodies killed in Berdyansk teens
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729420-zagarbniki-ne-viddaut-ridnim-tila-vbitih-u-berdansku-pidlitkiv.html
The prosecutor's office denied the fake that the Metropolitan of the UOC -MP Pavel did not continue house arrest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729424-prokuratura-sprostuvala-fejk-so-mitropolitu-upc-mp-pavlu-ne-prodovzili-domasnij-arest.html
The prosecutor's office denied the fake that the Metropolitan of the UOC -MP Pavel did not continue house arrest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729424-prokuratura-sprostuvala-fejk-so-mitropolitu-upc-mp-pavlu-ne-prodovzili-domasnij-arest.html
Explosions were reported in Zaporizhzhia
https://t.me/lachentyt/31236
The Czech Republic will give Ukraine about € 1.8 million to help displaced persons and demining
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729410-cehia-nadast-ukraini-blizko-18-miljona-na-dopomogu-pereselencam-ta-rozminuvanna.html
Defense forces per day eliminated nearly 700 invaders, destroyed 27 Artisystems and 10 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-700-okupantiv-znyshhyly-27-artsystem-i-10-bbm/
Defense forces per day eliminated nearly 700 invaders, destroyed 27 Artisystems and 10 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-700-okupantiv-znyshhyly-27-artsystem-i-10-bbm/
In the Kherson region, the invaders have placed about a hundred entrepreneurs in custody - they require ransom
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729419-na-hersonsini-zagarbniki-pomistili-blizko-sotni-pidpriemciv-pid-vartu-vimagaut-vikup.html
Additional sensors were installed in Kiev to measure radiation level
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3729423-u-kievi-vstanovili-dodatkovi-datciki-dla-vimiruvanna-rivna-radiacii.html
In the event of a terrorist attack, special alert systems - Lyashko will work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729425-u-razi-teraktu-na-zaes-pracuvatimut-specialni-sistemi-opovisenna-lasko.html
Southern Forest Office received the first batch of tractors
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729428-pivdennij-lisovij-ofis-otrimav-persu-partiu-traktoriv.html
The International Snamers Union returned Russian and Belarussian judges on a new season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729429-miznarodnij-souz-kovzanariv-povernuv-rosijskih-ta-biloruskih-suddiv-u-zaavku-na-novij-sezon.html
Zelensky met with business representatives
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729430-zelenskij-zustrivsa-z-predstavnikami-biznesu.html
Zelensky met with business representatives
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729430-zelenskij-zustrivsa-z-predstavnikami-biznesu.html
InnovateUkraine Green Innovation Fund begins work - Ministry of Energy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729435-fond-zelenih-innovacij-innovateukraine-rozpocinae-robotu-minenergo.html
The Council named the priorities of public procurement - defense, civil protection, food and fuel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729436-u-radi-nazvali-prioriteti-derzzakupivel-oborona-civilnij-zahist-harci-j-palne.html
Vinnytsia received four more generators from German Foreign Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729437-vinnica-otrimala-se-cotiri-generatori-vid-mzs-nimeccini.html
Vinnytsia received four more generators from German Foreign Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729437-vinnica-otrimala-se-cotiri-generatori-vid-mzs-nimeccini.html
Riots in France: The number of detainees increased to 180
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729402-zavorusenna-u-francii-kilkist-zatrimanih-zrosla-do-180.html
Riots in France: The number of detainees increased to 180
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729402-zavorusenna-u-francii-kilkist-zatrimanih-zrosla-do-180.html
Zelenskaya told her support during the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729438-zelenska-rozpovila-so-ii-pidtrimue-pid-cas-vijni.html
Zelenskaya told her support during the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729438-zelenska-rozpovila-so-ii-pidtrimue-pid-cas-vijni.html
Death of people near the shelter: the court released the guard of the clinic under house arrest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3729442-zagibel-ludej-bila-ukritta-sud-vidpustiv-ohoronca-polikliniki-pid-domasnij-arest.html
Death of people near the shelter: the court released the guard of the clinic under house arrest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3729442-zagibel-ludej-bila-ukritta-sud-vidpustiv-ohoronca-polikliniki-pid-domasnij-arest.html
Four countries have reservations on EU security for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729445-cotiri-kraini-maut-zasterezenna-sodo-bezpekovih-zobovazan-es-dla-ukraini.html
The National Bank has approved a strategy for moving to a more flexible exchange rate
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729446-nacbank-uhvaliv-strategiu-perehodu-do-bils-gnuckogo-obminnogo-kursu.html
Lyashko states that there is no "magic pill" that will protect against radiation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729448-lasko-zaavlae-so-ne-isnue-carivnoi-pigulki-aka-zahistit-vid-radiacii.html
Lyashko states that there is no "magic pill" that will protect against radiation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729448-lasko-zaavlae-so-ne-isnue-carivnoi-pigulki-aka-zahistit-vid-radiacii.html
State Audit initiates legislative changes to control the cost of rebuilding
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3729449-derzaudit-iniciue-zakonodavci-zmini-dla-kontrolu-vitrat-na-vidbudovu.html
The budget received $ 1.2 billion grant funds from the US and Finland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729450-do-budzetu-nadijsli-12-milarda-grantovih-kostiv-vid-ssa-ta-finlandii.html
Events in Russia have an impact on all European security - Metzola
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729456-podii-u-rosii-maut-vpliv-na-vsu-evropejsku-bezpeku-mecola.html
From July 1, "available medicines" will release again by e-recipe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729454-z-1-lipna-dostupni-liki-vidpuskatimut-znovu-za-ereceptom.html
From July 1, "available medicines" will release again by e-recipe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729454-z-1-lipna-dostupni-liki-vidpuskatimut-znovu-za-ereceptom.html
Greta Tunberg came to Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729471-greta-tunberg-priihala-do-kieva.html
Zelensky spoke at a meeting of the European Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729458-zelenskij-vistupiv-na-zasidanni-evropejskoi-radi.html
Zelensky spoke at a meeting of the European Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729458-zelenskij-vistupiv-na-zasidanni-evropejskoi-radi.html
For 33 Vodokanals and Ukrzaliznytsia set new water tariffs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729459-dla-33-vodokanaliv-ta-ukrzaliznici-vstanovili-novi-tarifi-na-vodu.html
For 33 Vodokanals and Ukrzaliznytsia set new water tariffs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729459-dla-33-vodokanaliv-ta-ukrzaliznici-vstanovili-novi-tarifi-na-vodu.html
A two -party delegation of US senators will join NATO Summit in Vilnius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729463-dvopartijna-delegacia-senatoriv-ssa-dolucitsa-do-samitu-nato-u-vilnusi.html
A two -party delegation of US senators will join NATO Summit in Vilnius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729463-dvopartijna-delegacia-senatoriv-ssa-dolucitsa-do-samitu-nato-u-vilnusi.html
Ecological consequences of war: Zelensky met with members of the International Working Group
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729457-ekologicni-naslidki-vijni-zelenskij-zustrivsa-iz-clenami-miznarodnoi-robocoi-grupi.html
The Council ratified Ukraine's participation in the EU program "Fiscalis"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729460-rada-ratifikuvala-ugodu-pro-ucast-ukraini-u-programi-es-fiscalis.html
The Council ratified Ukraine's participation in the EU program "Fiscalis"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729460-rada-ratifikuvala-ugodu-pro-ucast-ukraini-u-programi-es-fiscalis.html
Yastremskaya was unable to break into the main net of the Wimbledon tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729462-astremska-ne-zmogla-probitisa-do-osnovnoi-sitki-vimbldonskogo-turniru.html
On three directions of the front per day - more than 20 combat clashes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729464-na-troh-napramkah-frontu-za-dobu-ponad-20-bojovih-zitknen.html
On three directions of the front per day - more than 20 combat clashes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729464-na-troh-napramkah-frontu-za-dobu-ponad-20-bojovih-zitknen.html
Pension Reform: Shmigal held a meeting on the implementation of mandatory savings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729466-pensijna-reforma-smigal-proviv-naradu-sodo-vprovadzenna-obovazkovih-nakopicen.html
Duda: Ukrainians and Poles jointly honor the victims of the Volyn tragedy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729468-duda-ukrainci-i-polaki-spilno-vsanuut-zertv-volinskoi-tragedii.html
Duda: Ukrainians and Poles jointly honor the victims of the Volyn tragedy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729468-duda-ukrainci-i-polaki-spilno-vsanuut-zertv-volinskoi-tragedii.html
Zelensky: The weakness of Russia will make it safe for others
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729472-zelenskij-slabkist-rosii-zrobit-ii-bezpecnou-dla-insih.html
Yermak called the task of the International Working Group on Ecological Crimes of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729476-ermak-nazvav-zavdanna-miznarodnoi-robocoi-grupi-sodo-ekologicnih-zlociniv-rosii.html
The prosecutor asks the court to announce the international search of the muravitsky blogger
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729473-prokuror-prosit-sud-ogolositi-u-miznarodnij-rozsuk-blogerazradnika-muravickogo.html
In Kramatorsk declared a three -day mourning for the dead during a rocket stroke
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729474-u-kramatorsku-ogolosili-tridennu-zalobu-za-zagiblimi-pid-cas-raketnogo-udaru.html
Bypassing sanctions and atomic industry: Zelensky calls the EU to increase pressure on Russia in a new package
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729481-obhid-sankcij-ta-atomna-galuz-zelenskij-zaklikae-es-posiliti-tisk-na-rosiu-u-novomu-paketi.html
The IMF has completed the first view of the program: Ukraine will receive a tranche of $ 890 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729537-mvf-pogodiv-vidilenna-ukraini-novogo-transu-na-890-miljoniv.html
Zelensky: If someone is threatening the people of Europe, we need to intercede for this people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729478-zelenskij-akso-htos-zagrozue-narodu-evropi-treba-zastupitisa-za-cej-narod.html
Zelensky: If someone is threatening the people of Europe, we need to intercede for this people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729478-zelenskij-akso-htos-zagrozue-narodu-evropi-treba-zastupitisa-za-cej-narod.html
Offensive, the situation at the front and the needs of the Armed Forces: Valery Zaluzhny spoke with Mark Millie
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/nastup-sytuacziya-na-fronti-ta-potreby-zsu-valerij-zaluzhnyj-pospilkuvavsya-z-markom-milli/
NATO should consider the simplification of Ukraine's accession to the Alliance - Wallace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729480-nato-mae-rozglanuti-sprosenna-proceduri-vstupu-ukraini-v-alans-volles.html
NATO should consider the simplification of Ukraine's accession to the Alliance - Wallace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729480-nato-mae-rozglanuti-sprosenna-proceduri-vstupu-ukraini-v-alans-volles.html
Ukraine has declared a missile hazard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729482-v-ukraini-ogolosili-raketnu-nebezpeku.html
Ukraine has declared a missile hazard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729482-v-ukraini-ogolosili-raketnu-nebezpeku.html
Stefanchuk discussed the Ukrainian peace formula with the Knesset speaker Israel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729483-stefancuk-obgovoriv-ukrainsku-formulu-miru-zi-spikerom-knesetu-izrailu.html
Stefanchuk discussed the Ukrainian peace formula with the Knesset speaker Israel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729483-stefancuk-obgovoriv-ukrainsku-formulu-miru-zi-spikerom-knesetu-izrailu.html
The absence of a powerful response of Europe to undermining HPP can give Russia the arrogance of the Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729484-vidsutnist-potuznoi-reakcii-evropi-na-pidriv-ges-moze-dati-rosii-nahabnosti-sodo-zaes-zelenskij.html
Prometheus will represent Ukraine in a basketball European Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729487-prometej-predstavlatime-ukrainu-v-basketbolnomu-evrokubku.html
In the Kherson region, the map of the needs of the victims from the terrorist attack at the hydroelectric power station was developed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729488-na-hersonsini-rozrobili-mapu-potreb-postrazdalih-vid-teraktu-na-ges.html
In Ukraine tomorrow is forecast to +25 °, with rains and thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729496-v-ukraini-zavtra-prognozuut-do-25-z-dosami-i-grozami.html
Zelensky met with Penso - discussed the security cooperation and membership of Ukraine in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729493-prezident-zustrivsa-z-majkom-pensom.html
Zelensky met with Penso - discussed the security cooperation and membership of Ukraine in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729493-prezident-zustrivsa-z-majkom-pensom.html
US government approached Ukraine's ATCMS missiles - WSJ
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729495-urad-ssa-nablizivsa-do-nadanna-ukraini-raket-atacms-wsj.html
In Kramatorsk, a place of memory near the restaurant, where the rocket of the Russian Federation hit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729497-u-kramatorsku-oblastuvali-misce-pamati-bila-restoranu-kudi-vlucila-rosijska-raketa.html
HELP FOR UKRAINE Helps to equip shelter in the capital
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3729500-fond-help-for-ukraine-dopomagae-oblastovuvati-ukritta-v-stolici.html
The satellite shows the likely bases of Wagner PVC in Belarus - Reuters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729503-suputnik-pokazue-jmovirni-bazi-pvk-vagner-u-bilorusi-reuters.html
Germany unfolds in Vilnius Patriot as part of preparation for NATO summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729505-nimeccina-rozgortae-u-vilnusi-patriot-v-ramkah-pidgotovki-do-samitu-nato.html
Artist Yuri Zhuravel prepares the second volume of the book "Know Ours"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3729506-hudoznik-urij-zuravel-gotue-drugij-tom-knigi-znaj-nasih.html
Air Force declared a rocket danger
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729509-povitrani-sili-ogolosili-vidbij-raketnoi-nebezpeki.html
Ukraine's Women's Beach Football team will play in the 1/2 finals of European Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729508-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-plaznogo-futbolu-zigrae-v-12-finalu-evropejskih-igor.html
Ukraine's Women's Beach Football team will play in the 1/2 finals of European Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729508-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-plaznogo-futbolu-zigrae-v-12-finalu-evropejskih-igor.html
In the capital on the Great Vasylkivska completed the repair of the water supply
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3729511-u-stolici-na-velikij-vasilkivskij-zaversili-remont-vodogonu.html
Virgin Galactic for the first time in history made a commercial flight to space
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3729510-virgin-galactic-vperse-v-istorii-zdijsnila-komercijnij-rejs-u-kosmos.html
The first movie "Culture during the War", created with EU support, showed the first movie
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3729512-u-kievi-pokazali-persij-film-ciklu-kultura-pid-cas-vijni-stvorenogo-za-pidtrimki-es.html
The first movie "Culture during the War", created with EU support, showed the first movie
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3729512-u-kievi-pokazali-persij-film-ciklu-kultura-pid-cas-vijni-stvorenogo-za-pidtrimki-es.html
Prime Minister of Spain will visit Ukraine on the first day of EU Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729513-premer-ispanii-vidvidae-ukrainu-v-persij-den-golovuvanna-v-radi-es.html
Prime Minister of Spain will visit Ukraine on the first day of EU Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729513-premer-ispanii-vidvidae-ukrainu-v-persij-den-golovuvanna-v-radi-es.html
The new doctrine of Ukraine envisages new policies in the field of culture - Tkachenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3729518-nova-doktrina-ukraini-peredbacae-novi-politiki-u-sferi-kulturi-tkacenko.html
The new doctrine of Ukraine envisages new policies in the field of culture - Tkachenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3729518-nova-doktrina-ukraini-peredbacae-novi-politiki-u-sferi-kulturi-tkacenko.html
The victims from flooding began to receive assistance from the UN - Ministry of Reintegration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729516-postrazdali-vid-zatoplenna-pocali-otrimuvati-dopomogu-vid-oon-minreintegracii.html
Lyashko about the threat of a terrorist attack on the ZPE: Kiev is outside the radiation exposure
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3729519-lasko-pro-zagrozu-teraktu-na-zaes-kiiv-znahoditsa-poza-mezami-radiacijnogo-vplivu.html
The head of the Ternopil Regional Council Golovka was released from custody
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729524-golovu-ternopilskoi-oblradi-golovka-zvilnili-zpid-varti.html
In Kherson, the residents of the Island were forbidden to approach the river for 30 meters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729521-u-hersoni-zitelam-ostrova-zaboronili-nablizatisa-do-ricki-na-30-metriv.html
Greece's Expremier left the post of head of the opposition party after defeat in the election
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729522-ekspremer-grecii-zalisiv-posadu-kerivnika-opozicijnoi-partii-pisla-porazki-na-viborah.html
The border from Lviv region won the "gold" of the European Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729523-borcina-zi-lvivsini-viborola-zoloto-cempionatu-evropi.html
The consequences of rebellion in Russia will be discussed at a summit in Vilnius - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729526-naslidki-zakolotu-v-rosii-obgovorat-na-samiti-u-vilnusi-derzdep.html
The MKIP thinks how to protect cultural monuments before they are entered in the register of cultural heritage
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3729525-v-mkip-dumaut-ak-zahistiti-kulturni-pamatki-do-ih-vnesenna-v-reestr-kulturnoi-spadsini.html
Pence visited Bucha and Irpin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729528-pens-vidvidav-bucu-ta-irpin.html
The possible base of "Wagnets" in Belarus will be considered at the meeting of the rates - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729527-mozlive-bazuvanna-vagnerivciv-u-bilorusi-rozglanut-na-zasidanni-stavki-danilov.html
The OP explained in which circumstances Zelensky would not come to NATO's summit to Vilnius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729532-v-op-poasnili-za-akih-obstavin-zelenskij-ne-priide-na-samit-nato-u-vilnus.html
The OP explained in which circumstances Zelensky would not come to NATO's summit to Vilnius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729532-v-op-poasnili-za-akih-obstavin-zelenskij-ne-priide-na-samit-nato-u-vilnus.html
Ukrainian skewers became fifth at European Games in Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729530-ukrainski-spazistki-stali-patimi-na-evropejskih-igrah-u-polsi.html
Ukrainian skewers became fifth at European Games in Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729530-ukrainski-spazistki-stali-patimi-na-evropejskih-igrah-u-polsi.html
NAPC found corruption risks in public procurement during martial law
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729533-nazk-viavilo-korupcijni-riziki-v-publicnih-zakupivlah-pid-cas-voennogo-stanu.html
NAPC found corruption risks in public procurement during martial law
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729533-nazk-viavilo-korupcijni-riziki-v-publicnih-zakupivlah-pid-cas-voennogo-stanu.html
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Zelensky discussed with Guatemala President Possible Formats Summit of Ukraine - Latin America
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729534-zelenskij-obgovoriv-iz-prezidentom-gvatemali-mozlivi-formati-samitu-ukraina-latinska-amerika.html
Danilov about ZPP: Ukraine is preparing for any scenarios, the world's response should be instantaneous
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729535-danilov-pro-zaes-ukraina-gotuetsa-do-budakih-scenariiv-reakcia-svitu-mala-b-buti-mittevou.html
The commander of the Air Intelligence Unit "Magyara Birds" was awarded with an honorary badge
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729536-komandira-pidrozdilu-aerorozvidki-ptahi-madara-nagorodili-pocesnim-nagrudnim-znakom.html
The IMF has completed the first view of the program: Ukraine will receive a tranche of $ 890 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729537-mvf-pogodiv-vidilenna-ukraini-novogo-transu-na-890-miljoniv.html
In Ukraine, the issue of weapon production is actively moving - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729539-v-ukraini-aktivno-prosuvaetsa-pitanna-vlasnogo-virobnictva-zbroi-danilov.html
In Ukraine, the issue of weapon production is actively moving - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729539-v-ukraini-aktivno-prosuvaetsa-pitanna-vlasnogo-virobnictva-zbroi-danilov.html
Zelensky received a Chatham House award
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729543-zelenskij-otrimav-vidznaku-chatham-house.html
Zelensky received a Chatham House award
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729543-zelenskij-otrimav-vidznaku-chatham-house.html
Government officials informed the International Working Group on the Ecological Crimes of the Russian Federation in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729541-uradovci-poinformuvali-miznarodnu-robocu-grupu-sodo-ekologicnih-zlociniv-rf-v-ukraini.html
Zelensky: Countering Ecocide is one of the points of the Ukrainian peace formula
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729546-zelenskij-protidia-ekocidu-odin-iz-punktiv-ukrainskoi-formuli-miru.html
During the war, the President awarded more than 49,000 Ukrainians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729545-za-cas-vijni-prezident-nagorodiv-ponad-49-tisac-ukrainciv.html
During the war, the President awarded more than 49,000 Ukrainians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729545-za-cas-vijni-prezident-nagorodiv-ponad-49-tisac-ukrainciv.html
The UN Security Council gathered again at the request of the Russian Federation for discussing weapons supply to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729549-radbez-oon-znovu-zibravsa-na-vimogu-rf-dla-obgovorenna-postacan-zbroi-ukraini.html
The UN Security Council gathered again at the request of the Russian Federation for discussing weapons supply to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729549-radbez-oon-znovu-zibravsa-na-vimogu-rf-dla-obgovorenna-postacan-zbroi-ukraini.html
The Ukrainian national team goes third in the team standings of the III European Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729548-zbirna-ukraini-jde-tretou-u-komandnomu-zaliku-iii-evropejskih-igor.html
The IMF has improved expectations for Ukraine's macroeconomic prospects in 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729552-mvf-pokrasiv-ocikuvanna-sodo-makroekonomicnih-perspektiv-ukraini-u-2023-roci.html
The beginning of negotiations on Ukraine's membership in the EU will increase the unity of Europe - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729553-pocatok-peregovoriv-pro-clenstvo-ukraini-v-es-posilit-ednist-evropi-zelenskij.html
UN leadership on the Radbezi once again indicated Russia that she was receiving weapons from abroad
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729554-kerivnictvo-oon-na-radbezi-vkotre-vkazalo-rosii-so-vona-otrimue-zbrou-zza-kordonu.html
UN leadership on the Radbezi once again indicated Russia that she was receiving weapons from abroad
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729554-kerivnictvo-oon-na-radbezi-vkotre-vkazalo-rosii-so-vona-otrimue-zbrou-zza-kordonu.html
The IMF explained which reforms expected from Ukraine to highlight the next tranches
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729557-mvf-poasniv-akih-reform-ocikue-vid-ukraini-dla-vidilenna-nastupnih-transiv.html
Partners noted the sustainability of the Ukrainian economy - lush
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729556-partneri-vidznacili-stijkist-ukrainskoi-ekonomiki-pisnij.html
Partners noted the sustainability of the Ukrainian economy - lush
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729556-partneri-vidznacili-stijkist-ukrainskoi-ekonomiki-pisnij.html
Air Force recorded the run of "shahas" from
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729558-povitrani-sili-zafiksuvali-zapusk-sahediv-z-rosii.html
Air Force recorded the run of "shahas" from
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729558-povitrani-sili-zafiksuvali-zapusk-sahediv-z-rosii.html
In the Bakhmut direction, our troops intercepted an operational initiative - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-nashi-vijska-perehopyly-operatyvnu-inicziatyvu-ganna-malyar/
Ukraine will train emergency services to overcome the consequences of a possible terrorist attack at the ZPP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/ukrayina-provede-navchannya-ekstrenyh-sluzhb-z-podolannya-naslidkiv-mozhlyvogo-teraktu-na-zaes/
Andrzej Duda: We do everything possible for Ukraine to become a full member of NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/andzhej-duda-robymo-use-mozhlyve-aby-ukrayina-stala-povnopravnym-chlenom-nato/
In Ukraine, the issue of weapon production is actively moving - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729539-v-ukraini-aktivno-prosuvaetsa-pitanna-vlasnogo-virobnictva-zbroi-danilov.html
Natalia Humeniuk: Damage to the Chongar Bridge is the prerequisite for creating the positive news we approach
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/poshkodzhennya-chongarskogo-mosta-cze-peredumovy-do-stvorennya-pozytyvnyh-novyn-do-yakyh-my-nablyzhayemos-nataliya-gumenyuk/
Interflex Operation: The British Parliament has visited the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces that study in the UK
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/operacziya-interflex-brytanskyj-parlamentar-vidvidav-vijskovyh-zsu-yaki-navchayutsya-u-velykij-brytaniyi/
The army of the Russian Federation in a day 35 times fired at Sumy region and Chernihiv region with mortars and artillery
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/armiya-rf-za-dobu-obstrilyala-sumshhynu-ta-chernigivshhynu-z-minometiv-ta-artyleriyi-zafiksovano-35-pryhodiv/
Military Accounting: What should you know not to “catch a fine”
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/vijskovyj-oblik-shho-treba-znaty-shhob-ne-zlovyty-shtraf/
Seeed Russian auto parts for over UAH 26 million will be sent for the needs of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/vylucheni-rosijski-avtozapchastyny-na-ponad-26-mln-gryven-napravlyat-na-potreby-zsu/
Zelensky received a Chatham House award
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729543-zelenskij-otrimav-vidznaku-chatham-house.html
NSU servicemen provide a special entry and exit mode of 126 checkpoints
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/vijskovosluzhbovczi-ngu-zabezpechuyut-osoblyvyj-rezhym-vyizdu-ta-vyyizdu-na-126-blokpostah/
Poland began to strengthen the eastern border due to the appearance in Belarus "Wagner"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/polshha-pochala-ukriplyuvaty-shidnyj-kordon-cherez-poyavu-v-bilorusi-vagnerivcziv/
The Russians attacked 126 settlements in nine regions of Ukraine during the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/rosiyany-protyagom-doby-atakuvaly-126-naselenyh-punktiv-v-devyaty-oblastyah-ukrayiny/
Almost 96 thousand war crimes have documented the Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/majzhe-96-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv-zadokumentuvav-ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny/
Russia brought one rocket carrier with eight "caliber" to the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/rosiya-vyvela-u-chorne-more-odyn-raketonosiyi-z-vismoma-kalibramy/
A lifelong term of imprisonment received a prosecutor who gave the enemy the position of the Armed Forces in Mykolaiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/za-materialamy-sbu-dovichnyj-termin-uvyaznennya-otrymav-prokuror-yakyj-zdavav-vorogu-pozycziyi-zsu-na-mykolayivshhyni/
Government officials informed the International Working Group on the Ecological Crimes of the Russian Federation in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729541-uradovci-poinformuvali-miznarodnu-robocu-grupu-sodo-ekologicnih-zlociniv-rf-v-ukraini.html
Dmytro Kuleba warned the OSCE of the risks of committing Russia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/dmytro-kuleba-poperedyv-obsye-pro-ryzyky-vchynennya-rosiyeyu-teraktu-na-zaes/
In the United Kingdom, Ukrainian troops in tactical medicine continue
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/u-velykij-brytaniyi-tryvaye-navchannya-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-z-taktychnoyi-medyczyny/
Oleksandr Kornienko met with the Estonian delegation: discussed military support and prosthetics of Ukrainian soldiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/oleksandr-korniyenko-zustrivsya-iz-estonskoyu-delegacziyeyu-obgovoryly-vijskovu-pidtrymku-ta-protezuvannya-ukrayinskyh-voyiniv/
The Center for Combating Misinformation reported the main narratives promoting Russian media
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/czentr-protydiyi-dezinformacziyi-povidomlyaye-pro-osnovnyj-naratyv-shho-prosuvayut-rosijski-zmi/
In Kherson region, the water level in the Dnieper entered the natural channel, one settlement - flooded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/na-hersonshhyni-riven-vody-v-dnipri-uvijshov-u-pryrodne-ruslo-odyn-naselenyj-punkt-pidtoplenyj/
The occupiers want to get wounds to get home as soon
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/okupanty-hochut-yaknajshvydshe-vtekty-dodomu-navit-poranyvshy-sebe-perehoplennya-gur/
Ukraine will go to victory!And this is not a dream, but reality is Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/ukrayina-projde-shlyah-do-peremogy-i-cze-ne-mriya-a-realnist-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
On the Liman, Bakhmut and Marinsky directions - heavy fights
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/na-lymanskomu-bahmutskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah-vazhki-boyi/
The armed rebellion will have a direct impact on the level of morality of the occupying troops - Alexander Musienko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/zbrojnyj-zakolot-matyme-bezposerednij-vplyv-na-riven-morali-okupaczijnyh-vijsk-oleksandr-musiyenko/
The rescue operation has been completed in Kramatorsk: 12 dead are known
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/u-kramatorsku-zaversheno-ryatuvalnu-operacziyu-vidomo-pro-12-zagyblyh/
Zelensky: Countering Ecocide is one of the points of the Ukrainian peace formula
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729546-zelenskij-protidia-ekocidu-odin-iz-punktiv-ukrainskoi-formuli-miru.html
Payment of servicemen of monthly additional remuneration during martial law is improved and enshrined in the legislative - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/vyplatu-vijskovosluzhbovczyam-shhomisyachnoyi-dodatkovoyi-vynagorody-pid-chas-diyi-voyennogo-stanu-udoskonaleno-ta-zakripleno-zakonodavcho-oleksij-reznikov/
Work on the organization of exchange on the principle of "all on all" is ongoing - the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/robota-z-organizacziyi-obminu-za-prynczypom-vsih-na-vsih-tryvaye-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
More than UAH 1.1 million of penalties have been charged in favor of the Ministry of Defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/na-koryst-minoborony-styagnuto-ponad-11-mln-gryven-shtrafnyh-sankczij/
Dmytro Kuleba discussed with the Foreign Minister of the Netherlands the future summit of the EU and NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/dmytro-kuleba-obgovoryv-z-glavoyu-mzs-niderlandiv-majbutnij-samit-yes-ta-nato/
Relatives of captive defenders of two brigades met with representatives of the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/rodychi-polonenyh-zahysnykiv-dvoh-brygad-zustrilysya-z-predstavnykamy-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu/
Last week, the National Guards stormed the leading positions of the enemy, destroying his personnel and equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/mynulogo-tyzhnya-naczgvardijczi-shturmuvaly-peredovi-pozycziyi-voroga-znyshhuvaly-jogo-osobovyj-sklad-ta-tehniku/
Veterans can get up to 3 million UAH for their own business
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/veterany-mozhut-otrymaty-do-3-mln-grn-na-vlasnyj-biznes/
US Defense Minister during a meeting with a German counterpart: Thank you Germany for the support of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/ministr-oborony-ssha-pid-chas-zustrichi-iz-nimeczkym-kolegoyu-dyakuyu-nimechchyni-za-pidtrymku-ukrayiny/
World stability is impossible without solving the security issues of Ukraine - Alexey Danilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/svitova-stabilnist-nemozhlyva-bez-vyrishennya-bezpekovyh-pytan-ukrayiny-oleksij-danilov/
Demand of Ukraine: per day of pyrotechnics neutralized 328 explosive objects
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/rozminuvannya-ukrayiny-za-dobu-pirotehniky-zneshkodyly-328-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
The General Staff showed how the international exercises of the Navy "SI Breeze" are taking place
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/genshtab-pokazav-yak-prohodyat-mizhnarodnyai-navchannya-vms-si-bryz/
During the war, the President awarded more than 49,000 Ukrainians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729545-za-cas-vijni-prezident-nagorodiv-ponad-49-tisac-ukrainciv.html
1184 Russia deported from Ukraine illegally transferred to "previous custody"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/1184-deportovanyh-rosiyeyu-z-ukrayiny-ditej-nezakonno-peredani-pid-poperednyu-opiku/
We need to respond to all the signals that give the air forces and go to the shelter - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/treba-reaguvaty-na-vsi-sygnaly-yaki-nadayut-povitryani-syly-i-jty-v-ukryttya-yurij-ignat/
The speakers of the Baltic countries have made a statement to increase Ukraine's support and to strengthen sanctions against Belarus
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/spikery-krayin-baltiyi-vystupyly-iz-zayavoyu-zbilshyty-pidtrymku-ukrayiny-ta-posylyty-sankcziyi-proty-bilorusi/
Alexei Danilov: NATO Summit in Vilnius should bring effective security guarantees to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/oleksij-danilov-samit-nato-u-vilnyusi-maye-prynesty-ukrayini-diyevi-garantiyi-bezpeky/
Taurian direction: Armed Forces have destroyed nearly three companies of Russian soldiers a day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/tavrijskyj-napryamok-zsu-za-dobu-znyshhyly-majzhe-try-roty-rosijskyh-soldativ/
In the temporarily occupied territories, Russians are arrested by citizens allegedly through cooperation with the Defense Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/na-tymchasovo-okupovanyh-terytoriyah-rosiyany-provodyat-areshty-gromadyan-nibyto-cherez-spivpraczyu-iz-sylamy-oborony-ukrayiny/
Bakhmut turned into ruins: the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine showed photos of the city
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/bahmut-peretvoryvsya-na-ruyiny-u-mzs-ukrayiny-pokazaly-foto-mista/
The Russian agent who was preparing a blow to airfields in Kirovohrad was detained
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/zatrymano-rosijskogo-agenta-yakyj-gotuvav-udar-po-aerodromah-na-kirovogradshhyni/
The Commander of the DSSV of the Armed Forces of Ukraine handed the paratroopers state awards and departmental honors
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/komanduvach-dshv-zs-ukrayiny-vruchyv-desantnykam-derzhavni-nagorody-ta-vidomchi-vidznaky-2/
More than 200 persons have been informed of suspicion of dissemination of information on air defense and defense forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/ponad-200-m-osobam-povidomleno-pro-pidozru-za-poshyryuvannya-informacziyi-pro-robotu-ppo-ta-syl-oborony/
The UN Security Council gathered again at the request of the Russian Federation for discussing weapons supply to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729549-radbez-oon-znovu-zibravsa-na-vimogu-rf-dla-obgovorenna-postacan-zbroi-ukraini.html
The Russian army released six C-300 missiles on the Civilian Infrastructure of Zaporozhye and Chuguev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/armiya-rf-vypustyla-shist-raket-s-300-po-czyvilnij-infrastrukturi-zaporizhzhya-ta-chuguyeva/
Dmytro Kuleba talked with Jens Stoltenberg: the time of clarity on Ukraine's membership in NATO has come
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/dmytro-kuleba-pospilkuvavsya-z-yensom-stoltenbergom-chas-yasnosti-shhodo-chlenstva-ukrayiny-v-nato-nastav/
This is a historical time to start negotiations on Ukraine's membership in the European Union - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/cze-istorychnyj-chas-shhob-pochaty-peregovory-pro-chlenstvo-ukrayiny-u-yevrosoyuzi-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
A 2-year-old daughter of Ukrainian military has been returned from temporarily occupied territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/z-tymchasovo-okupovanyh-terytorij-povernuto-2-richnu-donku-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/
The President met with members of the International Working Group - discussed the environmental consequences of the war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/prezydent-zustrivsya-iz-chlenamy-mizhnarodnoyi-robochoyi-grupy-obgovoryly-ekologichni-naslidky-vijny/
The Russian army hit Kherson: two civilians were killed, two more were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/armiya-rf-vdaryla-po-hersonu-zagynulo-dvoye-czyvilnyh-shhe-dvoye-poraneni/
The Armed Forces Aircraft per day made 11 beats in the enemy's cluster areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/aviacziya-zsu-za-dobu-zavdala-11-udariv-po-rajonah-skupchennya-protyvnyka-2/
The main purpose of the enemy on the Kherson Right Bank is not military objects, but pressure on the local population - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/osnovnoyu-czillyu-voroga-na-pravoberezhzhi-hersonshhyny-ye-ne-vijskovi-obyekty-a-tysk-na-misczeve-naselennya-natalya-gumenyuk/
Ukraine should remain a priority number one for the EU - Robert Motzol
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/ukrayina-maye-zalyshatysya-priorytetom-nomer-odyn-dlya-yes-roberta-meczola/
The enemy focuses on three directions, a day - nearly 22 combat clashes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/vorog-zoseredzhuyetsya-na-troh-napryamkah-za-dobu-majzhe-22-bojovyh-zitknen/
Ukrainian Aeraconian not only detect but also destroy the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/ukrayinski-aerorozvidnyky-ne-lyshe-vyyavlyayut-a-j-znyshhuyut-voroga/
The Ukrainian national team goes third in the team standings of the III European Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729548-zbirna-ukraini-jde-tretou-u-komandnomu-zaliku-iii-evropejskih-igor.html
They will judge a resident of Kherson region who formed for the occupiers lists of pro -Ukrainian citizens
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/sudytymut-zhytelya-hersonshhyny-yakyj-formuvav-dlya-okupantiv-spysky-proukrayinsky-nalashtovanyh-gromadyan/
Wagner Merries will no longer fight in Ukraine - Cyril Budanov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/najmanczi-pvk-vagner-bilshe-ne-voyuvatymut-v-ukrayini-%e2%80%95-kyrylo-budanov/
Norway allocates $ 190 million for Ukraine's rebuilding
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/norvegiya-vydilyaye-190-miljoniv-na-vidbudovu-ukrayiny/
Ukraine sue
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/ukrayina-podaye-pozov-do-mizhnarodnogo-sudu-oon-proty-iranu-za-zbyttya-litaka-mau-rejsu-ps752/
This distinction for Ukraine is another proof that the world believes in our country, Ukrainians and our victory - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/czya-vidznaka-dlya-ukrayiny-shhe-odyn-dokaz-togo-shho-svit-viryt-v-nashu-derzhavu-ukrayincziv-i-v-nashu-peremogu-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Volodymyr Zelensky thanked the Guatemala President for the leadership in creating a special journey against Russian crimes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/volodymyr-zelenskyj-podyakuvav-prezydentu-gvatemaly-za-liderstvo-u-stvorenni-specztrybunalu-proty-zlochyniv-rf/
In three regions of Ukraine, training in the event of an accident at the Zaporozhye NPP continues
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/u-troh-oblastyah-ukrayiny-tryvayut-navchannya-na-vypadok-avariyi-na-zaporizkij-aes/
The opposition of ecocide is one of the points of the Ukrainian peace formula - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/protydiya-ekoczydu-cze-odyn-iz-punktiv-ukrayinskoyi-formuly-myru-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Ukraine received $ 1.2 billion in US and Finland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/ukrayina-otrymala-12-mlrd-grantovyh-koshtiv-vid-ssha-ta-finlyandiyi/
Short. War. Day 491. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/korotko-vijna-den-491-videodajdzhest/
Russia has launched Shakhi, in the south of Ukraine there are air defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729564-rosia-zapustila-sahedi-na-pivdni-ukraini-pracue-ppo.html
States in the UN: Western weapons for Ukraine prevents conflict rather than deepening it
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729562-stati-v-oon-zahidna-zbroa-dla-ukraini-zapobigae-konfliktu-a-ne-pogliblue-jogo.html
The European Congress of Ukrainians and the Ukrainian Security Center open a representative office in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3729517-evropejskij-kongres-ukrainciv-i-ukrainskij-centr-bezpeki-vidkrivaut-predstavnictvo-v-kievi.html
Kislytsa called on the UN Radbez to follow the Russian crisis to avoid threats to the world
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729561-kislica-zaklikav-radbez-oon-steziti-za-rosijskou-krizou-abi-uniknuti-zagroz-dla-svitu.html
The next viewing of the IMF program for Ukraine is scheduled for November-December
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729560-nastupnij-pereglad-programi-mvf-dla-ukraini-zaplanovanij-na-listopadgruden.html
Britain has announced new sanctions against Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729559-britania-ogolosila-pro-novi-sankcii-proti-rf.html
Britain has announced new sanctions against Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729559-britania-ogolosila-pro-novi-sankcii-proti-rf.html
The next viewing of the IMF program for Ukraine is scheduled for November-December
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729560-nastupnij-pereglad-programi-mvf-dla-ukraini-zaplanovanij-na-listopadgruden.html
Kislytsa called on the UN Radbez to follow the Russian crisis to avoid threats to the world
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729561-kislica-zaklikav-radbez-oon-steziti-za-rosijskou-krizou-abi-uniknuti-zagroz-dla-svitu.html
The European Congress of Ukrainians and the Ukrainian Security Center open a representative office in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3729517-evropejskij-kongres-ukrainciv-i-ukrainskij-centr-bezpeki-vidkrivaut-predstavnictvo-v-kievi.html
States in the UN: Western weapons for Ukraine prevents conflict rather than deepening it
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729562-stati-v-oon-zahidna-zbroa-dla-ukraini-zapobigae-konfliktu-a-ne-pogliblue-jogo.html
Russia has launched Shakhi, in the south of Ukraine there are air defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729564-rosia-zapustila-sahedi-na-pivdni-ukraini-pracue-ppo.html
SBU special forces in a week destroyed 50 units of Russian equipment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729444-specpriznacenci-sbu-za-tizden-znisili-50-odinic-rosijskoi-tehniki.html
NATO Member States decided to leave Jens Stoltenberg, headed by the Alliance-media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729567-krainicleni-nato-virisili-zalisiti-ensa-stoltenberga-na-coli-alansu-zmi.html
Part of the Wagner PEC remains in the occupied territory of Ukraine - Pentagon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729572-castina-pvk-vagner-zalisaetsa-na-okupovanij-teritorii-ukraini-pentagon.html
SBU special forces in a week destroyed 50 units of Russian equipment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729444-specpriznacenci-sbu-za-tizden-znisili-50-odinic-rosijskoi-tehniki.html
Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with business representatives: among other things, they discussed Ukraine's rebuilding
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/volodymyr-zelenskyj-zustrivsya-iz-predstavnykamy-biznesu-sered-inshogo-obgovoryly-vidbudovu-ukrayiny/
In "Action" there was an opportunity to change your place of residence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/u-diyi-zyavylasya-mozhlyvist-zminy-misczya-prozhyvannya/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====