乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-04

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Avdiivka, Pervomaisk And Karlovka of Donetsk Reo ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4978
JSC Marinka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Victory Anda Novomikhai ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4979
At Shakhtarske direction Russian army shelled Vuhledar, Prechystivka and Novoukrayinka. Russi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4980
In the Kherson region, the racists are kept in the cellars of pro -Ukrainian citizens
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/na-hersonshhyni-rashysty-trymayut-u-pidvalah-proukrayinskyh-gromadyan/
Potton part, there are no lists, everything is probably thrown away - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/konchena-chastyna-tam-nemaye-niyakyh-spyskiv-vse-vzhe-mabut-vykynuly-perehoplennya-gur/
As a result of the attack on the Dnieper, a two -storey building is destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/vnaslidok-ataky-na-dnipro-zrujnovano-dvopoverhovyj-budynok/
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, times of Yar, Slavs ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4986
Famous Svitolina rival in Rolan Harros Quarterfinals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718263-vidoma-supernica-svitolinoi-v-cvertfinali-rolan-garros.html
The invaders fired again Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718264-zagarbniki-znovu-obstrilali-harkivsinu.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Avdiivka, Pervomaisko, Nevelsk, Karlovka of Don ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4987
At Shakhtarske direction Russian army shelled Vuhledar, Prechystivka and Novoukrayinka of Don...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4989
Ingulets released the head coach of Kovalets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718261-ingulec-zvilniv-golovnogo-trenera-kovalca.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Zelene Pole of Donetsk ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4990
Serbia Prime Minister declared his willingness to resign
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718259-premerka-serbii-zaavila-pro-gotovnist-piti-u-vidstavku.html
There was a fire in the refugee shelter from Ukraine, there are victims - Ambassador to Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718257-u-pritulku-dla-bizenciv-z-ukraini-vinikla-pozeza-e-postrazdali-posol-v-nimeccini.html
Kostyuk came out in the quarterfinal "Rolan Harros" in the whistle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718256-kostuk-vijsla-u-cvertfinal-rolan-garros-u-miksti.html
Gironi was unable to qualify for European Cups
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718255-zironi-ne-vdalos-kvalifikuvatis-do-evrokubkiv.html
Legion "Freedom of Russia" and RDCs stated that they transfer to Ukraine prisoners from Belgorod region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718253-legion-svoboda-rosii-ta-rdk-zaavili-so-peredaut-ukraini-polonenih-soldativ-iz-belgorodskij-oblasti.html
Ukraine, together with partners, should close the opportunity to bypass sanctions by the Russian Federation - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3718252-ukraina-razom-iz-partnerami-mae-zakriti-mozlivosti-dla-obhodu-sankcij-z-boku-rf-zelenskij.html
During the day, the Russians made 22 shelling of Sumy region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718251-protagom-dna-rosiani-zdijsnili-22-obstrili-prikordonna-sumsini.html
The Ukrainian national team won gold in the Superfinals of the COP on Artistic Swimming
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718247-zbirna-ukraini-zdobula-zoloto-u-superfinali-ks-z-artisticnogo-plavanna.html
Russians killed 485 children in Ukraine, but this data is not final - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718249-rosiani-vbili-v-ukraini-vze-485-ditej-prote-ci-dani-ne-e-ostatocnimi-zelenskij.html
Belgium Prime Minister spent the night in hospital after falling with a bicycle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718184-premer-belgii-proviv-nic-u-likarni-pisla-padinna-z-velosipeda.html
Maguchi won the tournament in the Netherlands
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718246-magucih-zdobula-peremogu-na-turniri-v-niderlandah.html
The whole world is working on bringing the Russian Federation to justice for killing children in Ukraine - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718245-uves-svit-pracue-nad-pritagnennam-rf-do-vidpovidalnosti-za-vbivstva-ditej-v-ukraini-prezident.html
Svitolina: Hope I will continue to win, I'm very motivated in the next matches
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718243-svitolina-spodivausa-a-budu-prodovzuvati-peremagati-a-duze-motivovana-na-nastupni-matci.html
The coordinate reported that the commander should do in case of a soldier's disappearance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718226-u-koordstabi-povidomili-so-povinen-robiti-komandir-u-razi-zniknenna-soldata.html
Kostyuk and Ruse completed the performance in the 1/8 finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718238-kostuk-ta-ruse-zaversili-vistup-v-18-finalu-parnogo-rozradu-rolan-garros.html
The time will come when children in Ukraine will be protected from Russian evil - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718237-nastane-cas-koli-diti-v-ukraini-budut-zahiseni-vid-rosijskogo-zla-zelenskij.html
It is time to talk about specifics in the issue of Ukraine's membership in NATO - Markarov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3718233-nastav-cas-pogovoriti-pro-konkretiku-v-pitanni-clenstva-ukraini-v-nato-markarova.html
Svitolina came out in the quarterfinal "Rolan Harros"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718232-svitolina-zigrae-u-cvertfinali-rolan-garros.html
США вірять в успіх контрнаступу України – радник Байдена
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718231-ssa-virat-v-uspih-kontrnastupu-ukraini-radnik-bajdena.html
Klitschko checked the shelter in the Holosiivskyi district of the capital
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3718229-klicko-pereviriv-ukritta-u-golosiivskomu-rajoni-stolici.html
The prosecutor's office has started pre -trial investigation on today's shelling of Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718223-prokuratura-rozpocala-dosudovi-rozsliduvanna-za-faktom-sogodnisnogo-obstrilu-harkivsini.html
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Masutivka, Lyman Pershyy, Kyslivka, Tabayivka, Ber...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4984
As a result of a fire in a German home for refugees from Ukraine, a child was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718265-vnaslidok-pozezi-u-nimeckomu-budinku-dla-bizenciv-z-ukraini-zaginula-ditina.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka, Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4985
Soldiers' shooting at the border: Israel requires Egypt to cooperate in the terrorist attack investigation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718219-rozstril-soldativ-na-kordoni-izrail-vimagae-vid-egiptu-spivpracuvati-u-rozsliduvanni-teraktu.html
2 years old child killed as result of Russian missile strike in Pidhorodnie of Dnipropetrovsk...
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/53601
4 of 6 cruise missiles and 3 of 5 drones were shot down overnight
https://t.me/kpszsu/2553
Damage in Nikopol as result of Russian artillery shelling
https://t.me/dneproperatyv/64568
A drone was shot down in Dzhankoi, according to occupational authorities
https://t.me/rusbrief/122980
Shelling reported in Murom village of Belgorod region
https://t.me/bbbreaking/156991
5 drones were shot down by air defense, 4 more drones were intercepted by electronic warfare ...
https://t.me/shot_shot/52377
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Hremyach, Hay, Dmytrivka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4983
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4991
Shelling reported in Murom, Novaya Tavolzhanka villages, Schebekyne town of Belgorod region
https://t.me/zhest_belgorod/27791
The Chinese warship nearly faced the US destroyer in the Taiwanese Strait
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718021-kitajskij-vijskovij-korabel-led-ne-zistovhnuvsa-z-esmincem-ssa-u-tajvanskij-protoci.html
Russian troops were hit in Kharkiv in the morning - damaged houses and cultural institution
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718023-vijska-rf-zranku-vdarili-po-harkivsini-poskodzeni-budinki-i-zaklad-kulturi.html
Armed Forces destroyed three drones and boats stolen by Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718024-zsu-znisili-na-pivdni-tri-bezpilotniki-ta-vkradeni-rosianami-covni.html
Explosion reported in Melitopol
https://t.me/dniprorudne_ukraine/2414
Britain's intelligence declared the uncertainty
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718027-britanska-rozvidka-zaavila-pro-nevpevnenist-vladi-rf-na-tli-zrostanna-arestiv-za-sinozovtu-simvoliku.html
Lubinets on International Children's Day - Aggression Victims urged the world to condemn the actions of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718028-lubinec-u-miznarodnij-den-ditej-zertv-agresii-zaklikav-svit-zasuditi-dii-rosii.html
Ukrainian judoine won two "bronze" at the European Cup in Prague
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718032-ukrainski-dzudoistki-zdobuli-dvi-bronzi-na-etapi-kubka-evropi-v-prazi.html
Georgia President suggested wearing an electronic bracelet on Saakashvili
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718033-prezidentka-gruzii-zaproponuvala-odagti-na-saakasvili-elektronnij-braslet.html
Stefanchuk met in Turkey with the defenders of Azovstal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718034-stefancuk-zustrivsa-u-tureccini-iz-zahisnikami-azovstali.html
Borrel met with Reznikov on the Fields of the Forum in Singapore
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3718037-borrel-zustrivsa-iz-reznikovim-na-polah-forumu-u-singapuri.html
During the day the Russians attacked nine regions of Ukraine - erection of ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718041-za-dobu-rosiani-atakuvali-devat-regioniv-ukraini-zvedenna-ova.html
NHL: Vegas beat Florida at the start of the Stanley Cup finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718042-nhl-vegas-obigrav-floridu-na-starti-finalu-kubka-stenli.html
Sport-2023. The calendar of the main events of June
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718045-sport2023-kalendar-golovnih-podij-cervna.html
NATO threatens not Russia's safety, but Russian imperialism - the Prime Minister of Estonia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718048-nato-zagrozue-ne-bezpeci-rosii-a-rosijskomu-imperializmu-premer-estonii.html
Russian rockets hit the airfield near Kropyvnytskyi
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718049-rosijski-raketi-vdarili-po-aerodromu-bila-kropivnickogo.html
Leaders of 20 leading intelligence held a secret meeting in Singapore - Reuters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3718053-kerivniki-20-providnih-rozvidok-proveli-sekretnu-zustric-v-singapuri-reuters.html
Members of the crew of the Chinese Shanchzhou-15 Space Space
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3718054-cleni-ekipazu-kitajskogo-kosmicnogo-korabla-senczou15-povernulisa-na-zemlu.html
Faithful faith and determination necessarily give peace: Zelensky congratulated Ukrainians on the Trinity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718055-nepohitna-vira-j-risucist-obovazkovo-darue-mir-zelenskij-privitav-ukrainciv-iz-trijceu.html
Russia has reduced the number of ships in the Black and Azov Seas to 7
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718057-rosia-zmensila-kilkist-korabliv-u-cornomu-ta-azovskomu-morah-do-7.html
Ukrainian athletes have become a European Cup with 10000 meters running
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718058-ukrainski-legkoatletki-stali-prizerkami-kubka-evropi-z-bigu-na-10000-metriv.html
Reznikov criticized the proposed Indonesia "Mirny Plan"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3718061-reznikov-rozkritikuvav-zaproponovanij-indonezieu-mirnij-plan.html
The enemy attacked Sumy region with Droam-Kamikadze, there is a destruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718066-vorog-atakuvav-sumsinu-dronamikamikadze-e-rujnuvanna.html
In Zaporozhye in the markets sell vegetables grown under fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718067-u-zaporizzi-na-rinkah-prodaut-gorodinu-virosenu-pid-obstrilami.html
"They were killed by Russian weapons and hatred": Zelensky showed a video with children whose lives took away the enemy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718069-ih-ubili-rosijski-zbroa-ta-nenavist-zelenskij-pokazav-video-z-ditmi-cii-zitta-zabrav-vorog.html
Street fighting reported in Novaya Tavolzhanka
https://t.me/vert_i_call/11406
Created an independent European Pyramid Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718070-stvoreno-nezaleznu-evropejsku-federaciu-piramidi.html
The Russians declared attack drones in Crimea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3718071-rosiani-zaavili-pro-ataku-bezpilotnikiv-u-krimu.html
Pistorius called on the countries of the Indo-Pacific region to take a clear position against the war of the Russian Federation in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718074-pistorius-zaklikav-kraini-indotihookeanskogo-regionu-zajnati-citku-poziciu-proti-vijni-rf-v-ukraini.html
The invaders per day fired 120 settlements and 92 infrastructure facilities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718075-zagarbniki-za-dobu-obstrilali-120-naselenih-punktiv-ta-92-obekta-infrastrukturi.html
Reznikov discussed cooperation with a Japanese colleague and invited to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3718076-reznikov-obgovoriv-iz-aponskim-kolegou-spivpracu-ta-zaprosiv-v-ukrainu.html
Russia has brought out 8 "caliber" rocket launchers to the Black Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718078-rosia-vivela-u-corne-more-raketonosij-iz-8-kalibrami.html
Reznikov, while meeting with Deputy Prime Minister Cambodia thanked for the support of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3718079-reznikov-pid-cas-zustrici-z-zastupnikom-premera-kambodzi-podakuvav-za-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
В Україні проходить акція «Дзвіночки» із вшанування пам'яті загиблих дітей
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718086-v-ukraini-prohodit-akcia-dzvinocki-iz-vsanuvanna-pamati-zagiblih-ditej.html
More than a thousand shelters were checked in Kiev, half of them are not suitable for use
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3718089-u-kievi-perevirili-ponad-tisacu-ukrittiv-polovina-z-nih-nepridatna-do-vikoristanna.html
The death toll due to a railway accident in India exceeded 300 people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718087-kilkist-zagiblih-unaslidok-zaliznicnoi-avarii-v-indii-perevisila-300-osib.html
"Movement" U19 received gold awards and a cup of winner of the youth team championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718090-ruh-u19-otrimav-zoloti-nagorodi-ta-kubok-peremozca-cempionatu-unackih-komand.html
Legion "Freedom of Russia" and RDCs stated that they entered the suburbs of Shebekin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718091-legion-svoboda-rosii-ta-rdk-zaavili-so-uvijsli-do-peredmista-sebekina.html
Plans love silence: The Defense Ministry will not announce the beginning of a counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718092-plani-lublat-tisu-minoboroni-ne-ogolosuvatime-pro-pocatok-kontrnastupu.html
Defense forces counterattacked in Swativ direction, moving forward 400 meters - Syrsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718095-sili-oboroni-kontratakuvali-na-svativskomu-napramku-prosunuvsis-upered-na-400-metriv-sirskij.html
There was an explosion in the Kyiv region, three people with burns in intensive care
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718096-na-kiivsini-u-budinku-stavsa-vibuh-troe-ludej-z-opikami-v-reanimacii.html
The country that takes the life of Ukrainian children has no right to exist - Tkachenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718100-kraina-aka-zabirae-zitta-ukrainskih-ditej-ne-mae-prava-na-isnuvanna-tkacenko.html
Explosions were reported in Krasnodar
https://t.me/Ateobreaking/89725
The veteran bicycle race ended with more than 1.5 thousand kilometers overcome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718101-zaversivsa-veteranskij-veloprobig-ucasniki-akogo-podolali-ponad-15-tisaci-kilometriv.html
In Turkey, the bus with people got into an accident - one dead, 14 wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718099-u-tureccini-avtobus-iz-ludmi-potrapiv-u-dtp-odin-zagiblij-14-poranenih.html
In an accident in Cherkasy three children were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718102-u-dtp-v-cerkasah-postrazdali-troe-ditej.html
Broadcasting of several TV channels in Crimea was hacked. Operators turning off them
https://t.me/suspilnenews/21428
For the people of Kyivans launched a chatbot for self-assessment of the shelter state
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3718104-dla-kian-zapustili-catbot-dla-samostijnoi-ocinki-stanu-ukritta.html
Governor of the Belgorod region Vyacheslav Gladkov asked residents of the districts near the ...
https://t.me/rusbrief/123119
In the Vyshgorod district in the Kyiv region, plastic pipes are burning in the field
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718105-u-visgorodskomu-rajoni-na-kiivsini-u-poli-gorat-plastikovi-trubi.html
Sachko went out to the finale of the ATP tournament in the Czech Republic
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718112-sacko-vijsov-u-final-kvalifikacii-na-turniri-atp-u-cehii.html
Reznikov rejected Moscow's statements about Bakhmut's full capture
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718118-reznikov-vidkinuv-zaavi-moskvi-pro-povne-zahoplenna-bahmuta.html
Explosions were reported in Mariupol
https://t.me/mariupolnow/30071
The German government bought 66 APC for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718120-urad-nimeccini-zakupiv-66-btr-dla-ukraini.html
Missile blow to Dnipropetrovsk region: Vereshchuk arrived at the tragedy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718121-raketnij-udar-po-dnipropetrovsini-veresuk-priihala-na-misce-tragedii.html
Snegal's clashes after imprisonment of opposition leader: the death toll increased to 15
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718125-suticki-u-senegali-pisla-uvaznenna-lidera-opozicii-kilkist-zertv-zrosla-do-15.html
Reznikov met in Singapore with colleagues from New Zealand and Fiji
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3718128-reznikov-zustrivsa-u-singapuri-iz-kolegami-z-novoi-zelandii-ta-fidzi.html
Border guards knocked down three drones-Kamikadze in Sumy and Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718130-prikordonniki-zbili-na-sumsini-j-cernigivsini-tri-dronikamikadze.html
Alexiosi sisters won "silver" in the World Super Super Finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718131-sestri-aleksiivi-zdobuli-sriblo-u-superfinali-kubka-svitu-z-artisticnogo-plavanna.html
The military sent to the front seven more drones that came from Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718135-vijskovim-vidpravili-na-front-se-sim-droniv-aki-nadijsli-iz-polsi.html
The Vatican conducted a “cleaning rite” after an incident with a naked man
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718136-u-vatikani-proveli-obrad-ocisenna-pisla-incidentu-z-ogolenim-colovikom.html
Benzema leaves Madrid "Real"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718138-benzema-zalisae-madridskij-real.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
Thanks to United24 on the Lyceum Recovery in the Kyiv region raised $ 1.25 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3718148-zavdaki-united24-na-vidnovlenna-liceu-na-kiivsini-zibrali-125-miljona.html
Pope mentioned Ukraine at a meeting with pilgrims
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718145-papa-rimskij-zgadav-pro-ukrainu-na-zustrici-z-palomnikami.html
Legion "Freedom of Russia" and RDC stated that they were captured by soldiers in the Belgorod region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718146-legion-svoboda-rosii-ta-rdk-zaavili-so-vzali-v-polon-rosijskih-soldativ-u-belgorodskij-oblasti.html
Explosions reported in Kharkiv
https://t.me/kharkivlife/61904
27 more affected Ukrainians have been taken to European clinics to treatment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718153-do-evropejskih-klinik-dopravili-na-likuvanna-se-27-postrazdalih-ukrainciv.html
In Italy, the passenger bus went to the abyss - one dead, 14 injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718157-v-italii-pasazirskij-avtobus-zihav-u-prirvu-odin-zagiblij-14-travmovanih.html
The Russian BTR crashed into a civilian minibus near Melitopol, there is a dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718160-rosijskij-btr-vrizavsa-u-civilnij-mikroavtobus-poblizu-melitopola-e-zagiblij.html
More than 100,000 participants: An opposition march is held in Warsaw
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718162-ponad-100-tisac-ucasnikiv-u-varsavi-prohodit-mars-opozicii.html
Bulgaria will conduct large -scale military training in the Black Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718165-bolgaria-provede-masstabni-vijskovi-navcanna-u-cornomu-mori.html
Stoltenberg met with Erdogan - Talked about Sweden's membership in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718166-stoltenberg-zustrivsa-z-erdoganom-govorili-pro-clenstvo-svecii-v-nato.html
OPP called on Kiev power as soon as possible to develop an algorithm of work of shelters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3718171-v-op-zaklikali-vladu-kieva-aknajsvidse-rozrobiti-algoritm-roboti-ukrittiv.html
Konoplyanka: The decision on my departure was made by the President of Krakowia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718173-konoplanka-risenna-pro-mij-vidhid-uhvaliv-prezident-krakovii.html
Turkey sent a landing battalion to Kosovo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718175-tureccina-vidpravila-v-kosovo-desantnij-bataljon.html
Head of Dnipropetrovsk Ova told about children who were injured through a hostile attack
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718180-golova-dnipropetrovskoi-ova-rozpoviv-pro-ditej-aki-postrazdali-cerez-vorozu-ataku-po-peredmistu.html
Russian aircraft attacked Kherson region, is a victim
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718181-rosijska-aviacia-atakuvala-hersonsinu-e-postrazdala.html
UPL: Dynamo lost points, Dnipro-1 and Zorya won
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718183-upl-dinamo-vtratilo-ocki-dnipro1-i-zora-zdobuli-peremogu.html
The invaders fired the community in Kharkiv region, two wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718185-zagarbniki-obstrilali-gromadu-na-harkivsini-dvoe-poranenih.html
Since June 5, the Evherga system will cancel records with false data
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3718189-z-5-cervna-sistema-ecerga-skasovuvatime-zapisi-z-nepravdivimi-danimi.html
In Kharkiv, Zelensk took part in the opening of a monument to children who died due to Russian aggression
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718190-u-harkovi-zelenska-vzala-ucast-u-vidkritti-pamatnika-ditam-aki-zaginuli-cerez-agresiu-rf.html
Shakhtar gave way to Vorskli in UPL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718191-sahtar-postupivsa-vorskli-v-upl.html
Tkachenko advised everyone to watch the movie "20 days in Mariupol"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3718193-tkacenko-poradiv-usim-podivitisa-film-20-dniv-u-mariupoli.html
The enemy beat the border of Sumy and Chernihiv four times during the day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718194-vorog-cotiri-razi-uprodovz-dna-biv-po-prikordonnu-sumsini-ta-cernigivsini.html
There was a mountain collapse in China, 14 people were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718198-u-kitai-stavsa-obval-gori-zaginuli-14-ludej.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
Ukrainian schools in Warsaw visited the Mavka premiere. Forest Song"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3718202-ucni-ukrainskih-skil-u-varsavi-vidvidali-premeru-mavka-lisova-pisna.html
The Ukrainian Zavatska won the ITF tournament, beating Belarusian in the final
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718203-ukrainka-zavacka-vsome-peremogla-na-turniri-itf-obigravsi-bilorusku-v-finali.html
Formula-1, Grand Prix of Spain-2023: Ferstapppen won
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718204-formula1-granpri-ispanii2023-ferstappen-zdobuv-peremogu.html
SpaceX launched 22 more satellites Starlink new generation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3718164-spacex-zapustila-u-kosmos-se-22-suputniki-starlink-novogo-pokolinna.html
Denis Boyko left Dynamo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718205-denis-bojko-pisov-z-dinamo.html
Under Kiev eliminated a fire on the field
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718209-pid-kievom-likviduvali-pozezu-na-poli.html
After the victory, the process of Ukraine's accession to NATO will be fast - Deputy Minister of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3718210-pisla-peremogi-proces-priednanna-ukraini-do-nato-bude-svidkim-zastupnik-ministra-oboroni.html
In the General Staff, the number of shouted at the night of "Shahmed" was specified
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718213-u-genstabi-utocnili-kilkist-zbitih-unoci-sahediv.html
Dovbik is the best UPL scorer of the 2022/23 season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718217-dovbik-najkrasij-bombardir-upl-sezonu-202223.html
In the Kyiv region, two teenagers on a motorcycle collided with a car, they were hospitalized
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718218-na-kiivsini-dvoe-pidlitkiv-na-motocikli-zitknulis-z-legkovikom-ih-gospitalizuvali.html
Tomorrow will only rain in some western regions, in the afternoon up to 25 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718141-zavtra-dositime-lise-u-deakih-zahidnih-regionah-vden-do-25.html
For a day of defense forces repelled all hostile attacks in the east
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718221-za-dobu-sili-oboroni-vsi-vorozi-ataki-na-shodi.html
The prosecutor's office has started pre -trial investigation on today's shelling of Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718223-prokuratura-rozpocala-dosudovi-rozsliduvanna-za-faktom-sogodnisnogo-obstrilu-harkivsini.html
Klitschko checked the shelter in the Holosiivskyi district of the capital
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3718229-klicko-pereviriv-ukritta-u-golosiivskomu-rajoni-stolici.html
US believe in the success of Ukraine's counter -offensive - advisor to Baiden
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718231-ssa-virat-v-uspih-kontrnastupu-ukraini-radnik-bajdena.html
Svitolina came out in the quarterfinal "Rolan Harros"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718232-svitolina-zigrae-u-cvertfinali-rolan-garros.html
It is time to talk about specifics in the issue of Ukraine's membership in NATO - Markarov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3718233-nastav-cas-pogovoriti-pro-konkretiku-v-pitanni-clenstva-ukraini-v-nato-markarova.html
The time will come when children in Ukraine will be protected from Russian evil - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718237-nastane-cas-koli-diti-v-ukraini-budut-zahiseni-vid-rosijskogo-zla-zelenskij.html
Kostyuk and Ruse completed the performance in the 1/8 finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718238-kostuk-ta-ruse-zaversili-vistup-v-18-finalu-parnogo-rozradu-rolan-garros.html
The coordinate reported that the commander should do in case of a soldier's disappearance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718226-u-koordstabi-povidomili-so-povinen-robiti-komandir-u-razi-zniknenna-soldata.html
Світоліна: Сподіваюся, я буду продовжувати перемагати, я дуже мотивована на наступні матчі
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718243-svitolina-spodivausa-a-budu-prodovzuvati-peremagati-a-duze-motivovana-na-nastupni-matci.html
The whole world is working on bringing the Russian Federation to justice for killing children in Ukraine - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718245-uves-svit-pracue-nad-pritagnennam-rf-do-vidpovidalnosti-za-vbivstva-ditej-v-ukraini-prezident.html
Maguchi won the tournament in the Netherlands
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718246-magucih-zdobula-peremogu-na-turniri-v-niderlandah.html
Belgium Prime Minister spent the night in hospital after falling with a bicycle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718184-premer-belgii-proviv-nic-u-likarni-pisla-padinna-z-velosipeda.html
Russians killed 485 children in Ukraine, but this data is not final - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718249-rosiani-vbili-v-ukraini-vze-485-ditej-prote-ci-dani-ne-e-ostatocnimi-zelenskij.html
The Ukrainian national team won gold in the Superfinals of the COP on Artistic Swimming
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718247-zbirna-ukraini-zdobula-zoloto-u-superfinali-ks-z-artisticnogo-plavanna.html
During the day, the Russians made 22 shelling of Sumy region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718251-protagom-dna-rosiani-zdijsnili-22-obstrili-prikordonna-sumsini.html
Ukraine, together with partners, should close the opportunity to bypass sanctions by the Russian Federation - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3718252-ukraina-razom-iz-partnerami-mae-zakriti-mozlivosti-dla-obhodu-sankcij-z-boku-rf-zelenskij.html
Legion "Freedom of Russia" and RDCs stated that they transfer to Ukraine prisoners from Belgorod region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718253-legion-svoboda-rosii-ta-rdk-zaavili-so-peredaut-ukraini-polonenih-soldativ-iz-belgorodskij-oblasti.html
Gironi was unable to qualify for European Cups
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718255-zironi-ne-vdalos-kvalifikuvatis-do-evrokubkiv.html
Kostyuk came out in the quarterfinal "Rolan Harros" in the whistle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718256-kostuk-vijsla-u-cvertfinal-rolan-garros-u-miksti.html
There was a fire in the refugee shelter from Ukraine, there are victims - Ambassador to Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718257-u-pritulku-dla-bizenciv-z-ukraini-vinikla-pozeza-e-postrazdali-posol-v-nimeccini.html
Serbia Prime Minister declared his willingness to resign
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718259-premerka-serbii-zaavila-pro-gotovnist-piti-u-vidstavku.html
Ingulets released the head coach of Kovalets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718261-ingulec-zvilniv-golovnogo-trenera-kovalca.html
The invaders fired again Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718264-zagarbniki-znovu-obstrilali-harkivsinu.html
Famous Svitolina rival in Rolan Harros Quarterfinals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718263-vidoma-supernica-svitolinoi-v-cvertfinali-rolan-garros.html
Soldiers' shooting at the border: Israel requires Egypt to cooperate in the terrorist attack investigation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718219-rozstril-soldativ-na-kordoni-izrail-vimagae-vid-egiptu-spivpracuvati-u-rozsliduvanni-teraktu.html
As a result of a fire in a German home for refugees from Ukraine, a child was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718265-vnaslidok-pozezi-u-nimeckomu-budinku-dla-bizenciv-z-ukraini-zaginula-ditina.html
The support of internally displaced persons should be carried out at all levels - Irina Vereshchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/pidtrymka-vnutrishno-peremishhenyh-osib-maye-zdijsnyuvatysya-na-vsih-rivnyah-iryna-vereshhuk/
Dmytro Kuleba discussed with Estonian colleague Ukraine's future accession to NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/dmytro-kuleba-obgovoryv-z-estonskym-kolegoyu-majbutnij-vstup-ukrayiny-do-nato/
The windows completed the training courses on civil-military cooperation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/u-viknu-zavershylysya-kursy-pidvyshhennya-kvalifikacziyi-z-pytan-czyvilno-vijskovogo-spivrobitnycztva/
We are working to "take on your supervision" of the purchase of shells, services of repair of military equipment - Yevgeny Hrushovets
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/my-praczyuyemo-nad-tym-shhob-vzyaty-pid-svij-naglyad-zakupivlyu-snaryadiv-poslug-remontu-vijskovoyi-tehniky-yevgen-grushovecz/
We have to prepare in advance for the de -occupation and reintegration of Donetsk region and Luhansk region - Irina Vereshchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/do-deokupacziyi-ta-reintegracziyi-donechchyny-j-luganshhyny-mayemo-gotuvatysya-zazdalegid-iryna-vereshhuk/
During a large -scale invasion in Ukraine, 500 sacred structures have been destroyed or damaged
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/za-chas-shyrokomasshtabnogo-vtorgnennya-v-ukrayiny-zrujnovano-abo-poshkodzheno-500-sakralnyh-sporud/
The Government has made changes to the order of calculating the average salary: applies to military service periods
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/uryad-vnis-zminy-do-poryadku-obchyslennya-serednoyi-zarplaty-stosuyetsya-periodiv-vijskovoyi-sluzhby/
Tomorrow will be announced the composition of the National Collection of Ukraine for the "UNCLANE Games - 2023" in Dusseldorf
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/zavtra-ogolosyat-sklad-naczzbirnoyi-ukrayiny-na-igry-neskorenyh-2023-u-dyusseldorfi/
The occupiers used "Iskander-K" in Dnipropetrovsk-there are wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/okupanty-zastosuvaly-iskander-k-po-dnipropetrovshhyni-ye-poraneni/
The Armed Forces destroyed 6 enemy reconnaissance UAVs and 2 shock UAVs like "Lancet"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/zsu-znyshhyly-6-vorozhyh-rozviduvalnyh-bpla-ta-2-udarni-bpla-typu-lanczet/
Our Arta struck enemy management and SCR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/nasha-arta-urazyla-vorozhyj-punkt-upravlinnya-ta-zrk/
The racists escaped from combat positions in Luhansk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/rashysty-povtikaly-z-bojovyh-pozyczij-na-luganshhyni/
Air defense forces destroyed four winged rockets and three shock drones
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/sylamy-ppo-znyshheno-chotyry-krylati-rakety-ta-try-udarni-drony/
Enemy Loss per day: Over 400 occupiers have been eliminated, 22 artsystems and 8 tanks were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-ponad-400-okupantiv-znyshheno-22-artsystemy-ta-8-tankiv/
Juvenile prosecutors: 485 children were killed as a result of large -scale aggression of the Russian Federation in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/yuvenalni-prokurory-vnaslidok-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-agresiyi-rf-v-ukrayini-zagynuly-485-ditej/
Rocket stroke of the Russian Federation on Podgorodniy: a two -year -old child is killed, there are wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/raketnyj-udar-rf-po-pidgorodnomu-zagynula-dvorichna-dytyna-ye-poraneni/
During the day, rescuers went out more than 100 times to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-ponad-100-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv/
Голова Верховної Ради України у Туреччині зустрівся із захисниками «Азовсталі»
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/golova-verhovnoyi-rady-ukrayiny-u-turechchyni-zustrivsya-iz-zahysnykamy-azovstali/
We need modern multi -purpose planes to effectively protect Ukraine from heaven - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/nam-potribni-suchasni-bagatoczilovi-litaky-aby-my-mogly-efektyvno-zahyshhaty-ukrayinu-z-neba-yurij-ignat/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 91 thousand military crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-91-tysyachu-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
In the Bakhmut direction of PEC "Wagner" replace the airborne units of Rosarmia-Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-pvk-vagner-zaminyuyut-povitryano-desantni-pidrozdily-rosarmiyi-sergij-cherevatyj/
In some sections of the front there is a promotion of the Defense Forces of Ukraine - Alexander Syrsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/na-okremyh-dilyankah-frontu-ye-prosuvannya-syl-oborony-ukrayiny-oleksandr-syrskyj/
During the day, Russia fired 120 settlements of Ukraine, among civilians are killed and injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/za-dobu-rosiya-obstrilyala-120-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-sered-czyvilnyh-ye-zagybli-ta-poraneni/
Pyrotechnics of SESS neutralized more than 400 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-400-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
There are 6 enemy ships in the Black Sea in the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/u-chornomu-mori-na-bojovomu-cherguvanni-perebuvaye-6-vorozhyh-korabliv/
Alexei Reznikov discussed cooperation with a Japanese colleague and invited to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/oleksij-reznikov-obgovoryv-iz-yaponskym-kolegoyu-spivpraczyu-ta-zaprosyv-v-ukrayinu/
Plans love silence: The Defense Ministry will not announce the beginning of a counter -offensive
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/plany-lyublyat-tyshu-minoborony-ne-ogoloshuvatyme-pro-pochatok-kontrnastupu/
The Minister of Defense met in Singapore with colleagues from Fiji and New Zealand
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/ministr-oborony-zustrivsya-u-singapuri-iz-kolegamy-z-fidzhi-ta-novoyi-zelandiyi/
The organized Ministry of Veterans of the All -Ukrainian Veteran Bicycle Ring "West Memory of Defenders of Ukraine" is completed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/zavershyvsya-organizovanyj-minveteraniv-vseukrayinskyj-veteranskyj-veloprobig-shanuyemo-pamyat-zahysnykiv-ukrayiny/
The racists will definitely be punished for the murder of our children - Irina Vereshchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/rashysty-obovyazkovo-budut-pokarani-za-vbyvstva-nashyh-ditej-iryna-vereshhuk/
Armed Forces Congratulations on Canadian Colleagues on Canada's Armed Forces Day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/zsu-vitayut-kanadskyh-koleg-iz-dnem-zbrojnyh-syl-kanady/
In Sumy region the regional stage of the military-patriotic game "Falcon" ("Jura") took place
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/na-sumshhyni-vidbuvsya-oblasnyj-etap-vijskovo-patriotychnoyi-gry-sokil-dzhura/
The Defense Forces of Ukraine in a week destroyed 3340 invaders and 244 units of equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/sylamy-oborony-ukrayiny-za-tyzhden-znyshheno-3340-okupantiv-ta-244-odynyczi-tehniky/
The enemy fired at the border of Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/vorog-obstrilyav-prykordonnya-chernigivshhyny/
During the day, the occupiers have inflicted 7 rocket and 25 aviation strikes in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/protyagom-doby-rosiyany-zavdaly-7-raketnyh-ta-25-aviaczijnyh-udariv-po-ukrayini/
The Defense Forces of Ukraine in a day repelled 23 attacks of Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/syly-oborony-za-dobu-vidbyly-23-ataky-rosiyan/
Ukraine has to join NATO immediately after the end of the war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/ukrayina-maye-vstupyty-do-nato-odrazu-zh-pislya-zakinchennya-vijny/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 10 beats in the areas of concentration of Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-10-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-rosiyan/
The population of Muscovy loses confidence in the military-political leadership of the Russian Federation-GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/naselennya-moskoviyi-vtrachaye-doviru-do-vijskovo-politychnogo-kerivnycztva-rf-gur/
Ukraine will negotiate with NATO on safety guarantees for a transition period to the Alliance membership - Vladimir Gavrilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/ukrayina-vestyme-peregovory-z-nato-shhodo-garantij-bezpeky-na-perehidnyj-period-do-chlenstva-v-alyansi-volodymyr-gavrylov/
There will be a time when children on land, including in Ukraine, will be protected from evil such as Russian - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/nastane-chas-koly-dity-na-zemli-zokrema-j-v-ukrayini-budut-zahyshheni-vid-takogo-zla-yak-rosijske-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
We see that China adheres to promises not to sell Russia as Iran - Vladimir Gavrilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/cpodivayemosya-shho-kytaj-dotrymayetsya-obiczyanok-ne-prodavaty-rosiyi-zbroyu-yak-iranu-volodymyr-gavrylov/
In Kharkiv region, the racists suffer significant losses, the new arches flee from the standpoint
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/na-harkivshhyni-rashysty-zaznayut-znachnyh-vtrat-novoprybuli-zeky-tikayut-z-pozyczij/
Ukraine's military assistance from EU states is 12 billion euros - Mati Maasikas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/vijskova-dopomoga-ukrayini-vid-derzhav-yes-stanovyt-12-milyardiv-yevro-mati-maasikas/
What financial aid has been provided for Ukrainian defenders and their families in Sumy region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/yaku-groshovu-dopomogu-peredbachyly-dlya-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv-ta-chleniv-yihnih-rodyn-na-sumshhyni/
Chernihiv region joined the All -Ukrainian Action "Voices of Children"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/chernigivshhyna-doluchylasya-do-vseukrayinskoyi-akcziyi-golosy-ditej/
Sanctions against the Russian Federation as of June 4
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/sankcziyi-proty-rosijskoyi-federacziyi-stanom-na-4-chervnya/
Short. War. Day 466. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/korotko-vijna-den-466-videodajdzhest/
In the temporarily occupied Crimea on television showed a video about Ukraine's counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3718266-u-timcasovo-okupovanomu-krimu-po-telebacennu-pokazali-rolik-pro-kontrnastup-ukraini.html
Human rights activists reported another inhabitant of Kherson region held in a pre -trial detention center
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718267-pravozahisniki-povidomili-pro-se-odnogo-zitela-hersonsini-utrimuvanogo-u-sizo-rosian.html

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====