乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-04-03

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Caurus Directorate Russia Army Shellled Dinse, Cuttka, West, Masutka, Blue, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4391
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Novoselivske, Nevske, Dibrova, Bilohorivka of Luhansk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4392
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarkove, Bakhmut ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4393
JSC Avdiivka And Marynka Directiones Rusyan Army Shelled Steppe, Avdiivka, Orlovka, Tonenko ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4394
JSC Shaktarske Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vage, Novomikhailivka, Village, Great Novus ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4395
Kirovohradska Oblast, Poltavska Oblast(22:40). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Tak...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42461
Donetsk region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Zaporizhzhya region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region (...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42471
Poltavska Oblast(00:56). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/10666
Sumska Oblast(00:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42473
In Kharkiv, Support Support Supports cleared 145 hectares of agricultural land
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/sapery-syl-pidtrymky-zsu-ochyshhayut-zemli-vid-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
Europol identified 150 suspects of military crimes in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/yevropol-proanalizuvav-7-tysyach-foto-ta-video-ta-znajshov-150-pidozryuvanyhrf-prychasnyh-u-voyennyh-zlochynah-v-ukrayini/
The White Angel group evacuates people from Avdiivka, who is in the Red Zone
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/evakuaczijna-grupa-bilyj-yangol-evakuyuyut-lyudej-z-avdiyivky-yaka-znahodytsya-v-chervonij-zoni/
Action sanctions: Ukraine and the world - against Russian aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/sankcziyi-v-diyi-ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-7/
Twitter blocked the American "expert" who actively promoted the narratives of Rospropaganda
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/tviter-zablokuvav-akaunt-amerykanskogo-eksperta-skotta-rittera-yakyj-aktyvno-prosuvav-spivzvuchni-rosijskij-propagandi-naratyvy/
Hostile media spread fake on the sale of the Armed Forces in Turkey
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/vorozhi-media-poshyryuyut-fejk-pro-prodazh-ukrayinskoyi-vijskovoyi-formy/
The Navy showed how marines clean the enemy positions in Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/zachystka-vorozhyh-pozyczij-shturmovoyu-grupoyu-voyiniv-bataljonu-morskoyi-pihoty/
5000 tablets and laptops have been transferred to the schoolchildren
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/dlya-shkolyariv-iz-silskyh-gromad-zvilnenoyi-hersonshhyny-peredano-5000-planshetiv-i-noutbukiv/
Divisions of missile troops and artillery of defense forces struck 3 areas of focus of the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/pidrozdily-raketnyh-vijsk-i-artyleriyi-syl-oborony-urazyly-3-rajony-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
Hyacinth-C trophy is now defending Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/trofejna-samohidna-artylerijska-ustanovka-giaczynt-s-teper-boronyt-ukrayinu/
In Kherson region, the occupying authorities forge the documents for the appropriation of real estate of Ukrainian citizens
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/na-hersonshhyni-okupaczijna-vlada-pidroblyaye-dokumenty-dlya-pryvlasnennya-neruhomosti-gromadyan-ukrayiny/
In Melitopol, the occupiers export illegally cut down forest in the south direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/u-melitopoli-okupanty-vyvozyat-nezakonno-vyrubanyj-lis-u-pivdennomu-napryamku/
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated 560 invaders, destroyed 2 tanks and 7 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-560-okupantiv-znyshhyly-2-tanky-ta-7-bbm/
There are 10 enemy ships in the Black Sea, including three caliber rocket launchers - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/u-chornomu-mori-perebuvaye-10-vorozhyh-korabliv-sered-yakyh-try-raketonosiyi-kalibriv-nataliya-gumenyuk/
Ukraine's liberation of its territories is the only possible way to stop Russia and end the war - Indrek Kannik
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/zvilnennya-ukrayinoyu-svoyih-terytorij-cze-yedynyj-narazi-mozhlyvyj-shlyah-zupynyty-rosiyu-i-prypynyty-vijnu-indrek-kannik/
We need to help Ukraine join NATO, otherwise the aggression of the Russian Federation will be repeated again and again - Indrek Kannik
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/my-mayemo-dopomogty-ukrayini-vstupyty-do-nato-inakshe-agresiya-rf-povtoryuvatymetsya-znovu-i-znovu-indrek-kannika/
In Kharkiv region, local deputy from the PPZ was suspected of state community
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3691057-na-harkivsini-miscevij-deputatci-vid-opzz-ogolosili-pidozru-v-derzzradi.html
Capital rescuers got a fire truck with 30-meter stairs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3691012-stolicni-ratuvalniki-otrimali-vid-blagodijnikiv-pozezne-avto.html
Zelensky in Chernihiv region visited the hospital and presented the awards to the wounded military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691011-zelenskij-na-cernigivsini-vidvidav-gospital-i-vruciv-nagorodi-poranenim-vijskovim.html
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Kamyanka, Pietro-Ivanivka, Dvorichny, Kutkivka, Zap ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4399
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske and Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4400
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarka, Konian ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4401
APL: Everton with Mykolenko Avoid defeat from Tottenham
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3691171-apl-everton-z-mikolenkom-unik-u-porazki-vid-tottengema.html
At Avdiyivka and Maryinka directions Russian army shelled Orlivka, Tonenke, Syeverne, Netaylo...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4402
US and Canada have announced the names of four astronauts that will fly the moon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3691170-ssa-j-kanada-ogolosili-imena-cotiroh-astronavtiv-aki-obletat-misac.html
JSC Shaktarske Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vage, Novomikhailivka, Villagledar, Wondering ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4403
In Denmark, Ukrainian -language audiohyde on bus and shuttle excursions was launched
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3690945-u-danii-zapustili-ukrainomovnij-audiogid-na-avtobusnih-i-covnikovih-ekskursiah.html
The Kremlin will not be able to cover up a chair in the UN Council and gas pipes - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691169-u-kremla-ne-vijde-prikritisa-krislom-u-radbezi-oon-ta-gazovimi-trubami-zelenskij.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Olhivske, Huliaipole, Bilohirya, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4404
The hockey players of the national team of Ukraine on victory started at the World Cup 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3691167-hokeistki-zbirnoi-ukraini-z-peremogi-startuvali-na-cs2023.html
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4405
MKIP will challenge Stasyuk's renewal as the CEO of the Museum of Holodomor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3691168-mkip-oskarzit-ponovlenna-stasuk-na-posadi-gendirektora-muzeu-golodomorugenocidu.html
Zelensky held a field meeting in Chernihiv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691166-zelenskij-proviv-viizne-zasidanna-stavki-u-cernigovi.html
President: We approach the day every day when the terrorist state is in line with
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691164-prezident-sodna-nablizaemo-den-koli-derzavaterorist-vidpovidatime.html
WBA has announced the champion duel between Usik and Duba
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3691161-wba-ogolosila-pro-cempionskij-poedinok-miz-usikom-ta-dubua.html
In March, the UN recorded the death of 178 civilians in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691162-u-berezni-oon-zafiksuvala-zagibel-v-ukraini-178-civilnih-osib.html
Zelensky met with a delegation of republican congressmen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3691160-zelenskij-zustrivsa-z-delegacieu-kongresmenivrespublikanciv.html
Nemenza: Russia is legally in the UN - as a continuer of the Soviet Union
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3691158-nebenza-rosia-perebuvae-v-oon-zakonno-ak-prodovzuvac-radanskogo-souzu.html
Pomfir tape collected more than ₴ 6.6 million already
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3691157-stricka-pamfir-zibrala-u-prokati-vze-bilse-66-miljona.html
At the Ministry of Education
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3691154-u-mon-rozpovili-skilki-trivatime-reestracia-na-multipredmetnij-test.html
The Russians fired a community three times in Sumy region with automatic grenade launchers and mortars
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691149-rosiani-trici-obstrilali-gromadu-na-sumsini-z-avtomaticnih-granatometiv-ta-minometiv.html
Meeting in Vereshchuk: The state should guarantee social protection veterans in peaceful life
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3691152-narada-u-veresuk-derdava-mae-garantuvati-soczahist-veteranam-u-mirnomu-zitti.html
There are already five brigades of fighters - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691150-na-ozbroenni-zsu-vze-e-pat-brigad-vinisuvaciv-ignat.html
Medical rehabilitation of premature children is carried out in 128 hospitals - MOH
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3691148-medicnu-reabilitaciu-peredcasno-narodzenih-ditej-provodat-u-128-likarnah-moz.html
In Mariupol, the invaders plan to move the Russian Federation and the Gentilers in 665 homes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3691146-u-mariupoli-zagarbniki-planuut-rozseliti-vijskovih-rf-ta-gastrolerivcinovnikiv-u-665-budinkah.html
In the US, Ukraine will start the spring offensive for weeks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691142-u-ssa-pripuskaut-so-ukraina-rozpocne-vesnanij-nastup-uprodovz-tizniv.html
In Ukraine tomorrow without significant rainfall, day up to 5 ° heat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690950-v-ukraini-zavtra-bez-istotnih-opadiv-uden-do-5-tepla.html
The coordination headquarters told about social payments when the defender is considered missing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3691138-u-koordinacijnomu-stabi-rozpovili-pro-socviplati-koli-zahisnik-vvazaetsa-zniklim-bezvisti.html
Household gas exploded in an apartment block in Kryvyi Rih, at least 4 wounded
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/39187
Reportedly a vehicle has exploded in Melitopol, occupied part of Zaporizhzhia region
https://t.me/info_zp/32256
Sumska Oblast(08:08). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42481
Russian army shelled Kurakhove and Hirnyk 9 times yesterday, causing widespread damage
https://t.me/suspilnedonbas/12287
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanshchyna directions Russian army shelled Voldyne, Basivka, Ryasne ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4398
Odeska Oblast(10:42). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilneodesa/22187
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(10:44). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42484
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(10:44). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42485
Donetsk Oblast(12:11). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42489
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(13:30). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42491
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(13:41). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42492
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(14:36). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42495
Zaporizka Oblast(14:49). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/11846
Russian aviation conducted missile strike at educational facility in Orikhiv
https://twitter.com/Gulli_ver_sn/status/1642902542680989696
1 person killed as result of shelling in Avdiivka
https://t.me/suspilnedonbas/12305
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(19:22). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42499
Zaporizka Oblast(19:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42500
Donetsk Oblast(19:40). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42501
In Denmark, Ukrainian -language audiohyde on bus and shuttle excursions was launched
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3690945-u-danii-zapustili-ukrainomovnij-audiogid-na-avtobusnih-i-covnikovih-ekskursiah.html
UN did not cope with its main task and needs radical reform - MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3690961-oon-ne-vporalas-zi-svoim-osnovnim-zavdannam-i-potrebue-radikalnoi-reformi-deputat.html
State Arts announced the Oles Honchar Laureate
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3690963-derzmistectv-ogolosilo-lavreata-premii-imeni-olesa-goncara.html
A new assistance center for Ukrainians opened in Warsaw
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3690962-u-varsavi-vidkrivsa-novij-centr-dopomogi-dla-ukrainciv.html
Marusyak showed the best result in the history of Ukraine in the final standings of the World Cup on jumps
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690968-marusak-pokazav-najkrasij-rezultat-v-istorii-ukraini-v-pidsumkovomu-zaliku-kubka-svitu-zi-stribkiv-z-tramplina.html
From April 1, pay for pensioners who work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690970-pracuucim-pensioneram-pensii-z-1-kvitna-pererahuut-avtomaticno.html
Military equipment repair: Germany and Romania promise Ukraine help
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3690977-remont-vijskovoi-tehniki-nimeccina-ta-rumunia-obicaut-ukraini-dopomogu.html
Odessa and Dnipro Medical Medical Institutions received X -rays that can work without electricity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690975-vijskovi-medzakladi-odesi-ta-dnipra-otrimali-rentgeni-aki-mozut-pracuvati-bez-elektriki.html
Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region (21: ZZ). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42506
The NBU and the Central Bank of Poland on the currency swap continued for another year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690976-dogovir-miz-nbu-i-centrobankom-polsi-pro-valutnij-svop-prodovzili-se-na-rik.html
Police opened the case because of the obstruction of the MKIP commission in the Lavra
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690981-policia-vidkrila-spravu-cerez-pereskodzanna-roboti-komisii-mkip-u-lavri.html
Business has improved the prospects of its activity a little
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690982-biznes-trohi-pokrasiv-perspektivi-svoei-dialnosti-nbu.html
Suspicion of the former Ukrtatnafta manager: Bab reported details
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690983-pidozra-kolisnomu-menedzeru-ukrtatnafti-u-beb-povidomili-detali.html
Klitschko met with Hamburg mayor and discussed the help of Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3690984-klicko-zustrivsa-z-merom-gamburga-i-obgovoriv-dopomogu-kievu.html
Every day the border guards retain up to 20 evastors - Demchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690986-sodobi-prikordonniki-zatrimuut-do-20-uhilantiv-demcenko.html
The Moscow Church returned the relics of the Holy Chernihiv Reserve
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690988-moskovska-cerkva-povernula-mosi-svatih-cernigivskomu-zapovidniku.html
After the war of NATO should be prepared to restrain aggression against Ukraine - Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690999-pisla-vijni-nato-mae-buti-gotovim-do-strimuvanna-agresii-proti-ukraini-stoltenberg.html
In Belarus began checking the combat readiness of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690991-u-bilorusi-rozpocali-perevirku-bojovoi-gotovnosti-zbrojnih-sil.html
Reported the suspicion of the Dnieper resident who scored a 4-year-old child to death
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690992-povidomili-pro-pidozru-zitelu-dnipra-akij-zabiv-4ricnu-ditinu-do-smerti.html
Japan urged China to play a responsible role in the regulation of "crisis in Ukraine"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3690998-aponia-zaklikala-kitaj-vidigravati-vidpovidalnu-rol-u-vreguluvanni-krizi-v-ukraini.html
In Kherson, a local resident was killed from Russian explosives - tried to move it
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690994-na-hersonsini-miscevij-meskanec-zaginuv-vid-rosijskoi-vibuhivki-namagavsa-ii-perenesti.html
Ukraine has challenged the CAS decision of the International Federation of Fencing to return the athletes from the Russian Federation and Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690995-ukraina-oskarzila-u-cas-risenna-miznarodnoi-federacii-fehtuvanna-povernuti-atletiv-z-rf-ta-bilorusi.html
NATO will not be subject to nuclear intimidation of Russia - Secretary General
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3691000-nato-ne-piddavatimetsa-na-aderne-zalakuvanna-rosii-gensek.html
The Ukrainian Book Shelf opened in Skopje
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3690978-ukrainsku-knizkovu-policku-vidkrili-u-skope.html
Culinary Diplomacy: In Kyiv, UNESCO CEO was joined in borsch
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3691001-kulinarna-diplomatia-u-kievi-gendirektorka-unesko-dolucilasa-do-prigotuvanna-borsu.html
Norway handed over more than a hundred generators and other equipment to Ukrainian border guards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3691003-norvegia-peredala-ukrainskim-prikordonnikam-ponad-sotnu-generatoriv-ta-inse-obladnanna.html
Vatsko: Rebrov received suggestions from two clubs that regularly play in the Charic Group
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3691004-vacko-rebrov-otrimav-propozicii-vid-dvoh-klubiv-aki-regularno-graut-u-grupi-lc.html
Accomplices of kidnapping in Zaporozhye reported suspicion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3691007-spivucasnici-vikradenna-ditej-na-zaporizzi-povidomili-pidozru.html
In Hague, a court of Kosovo's Thachi's Expature began
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3691008-u-gaazi-rozpocavsa-sud-nad-eksprezidentom-kosova-taci.html
In Transcarpathia detained Russian antisemite agent: called for the destruction of Jews
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3691009-na-zakarpatti-zatrimali-rosijskogo-agentaantisemita-zaklikav-do-znisenna-evreiv.html
Zelensky in Chernihiv region visited the hospital and presented the awards to the wounded military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691011-zelenskij-na-cernigivsini-vidvidav-gospital-i-vruciv-nagorodi-poranenim-vijskovim.html
Capital rescuers got a fire truck with 30-meter stairs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3691012-stolicni-ratuvalniki-otrimali-vid-blagodijnikiv-pozezne-avto.html
With the support of U-LEAD in Sumy region will create agrarian service
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3691014-za-pidtrimki-ulead-na-sumsini-stvorat-agrarnu-servisnu-sluzbu.html
Ukraine is testing advanced technologies for demining the territory - Ministry of Economy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3691017-ukraina-testue-peredovi-tehnologii-dla-rozminuvanna-teritorii-minekonomiki.html
In Zaporizhzhya, the Russian Federation compile lists of collaborators for "liquidation"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3691019-na-zaporizzi-vijskovi-rf-skladaut-spiski-kolaborantiv-na-likvidaciu.html
S&P raised Ukrzaliznytsia's rating to maximum level in wartime
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3691021-sp-pidvisilo-rejting-ukrzaliznici-do-maksimalnogo-rivna-v-umovah-voennogo-casu.html
UkrPoshta completely restored its infrastructure in Borodyanka
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3691025-ukrposta-povnistu-vidnovila-svou-infrastrukturu-v-borodanci.html
Banks last week issued more than ₴ 514 million available loans
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3691027-banki-minulogo-tizna-vidali-ponad-514-miljoniv-dostupnih-kreditiv.html
In Ivano-Frankivsk hundreds of people went on the move with goodbye to the dead Vitaliy Merinov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3691029-v-ivanofrankivsku-sotni-ludej-vijsli-na-hodu-prosanna-iz-zagiblim-vitaliem-merinovim.html
Australia will provide Ukraine with about 100 remote weapons systems
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691032-avstralia-nadast-ukraini-blizko-100-distancijnih-sistem-ozbroenna.html
The enemy fired at the Kherson Hospital with more than 200 patients
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691035-vorog-obstrilav-hersonsku-likarnu-v-akij-perebuvali-ponad-200-pacientiv.html
The supply of China's lethal weapons will become a big mistake - Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3691036-postacanna-kitaem-letalnoi-zbroi-rosii-stane-velikou-pomilkou-stoltenberg.html
In Kiev, the head of the VLK was exposed on a bribe for removal from military registration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3691037-u-kievi-golovu-vlk-vikrili-na-habari-za-znatta-z-vijskovogo-obliku.html
Andriy Melnik is re -elected by the President of the Handball Federation of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3691038-andria-melnika-pereobrano-prezidentom-federacii-gandbolu-ukraini.html
Ukraine needs multi-purpose F-16 because of the significant advantage of Russia in the air-Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691039-ukraini-potribni-bagatocilovi-f16-cerez-znacnu-perevagu-rosii-u-povitri-ignat.html
Zaporizhzhya region, Kirovohrad region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk at ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42514
Sumska Oblast, Donetsk Oblast(23:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42516
Ukraine and Romania will hold the first Black Sea Security Conference of the Crimean Platform
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3691041-ukraina-ta-rumunia-provedut-persu-cornomorsku-bezpekovu-konferenciu-krimskoi-platformi.html
12 more Ukrainians have returned from Russian captivity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691043-ukraina-povernula-z-polonu-12-ludej-sered-nih-zahisniki-bahmuta.html
The army of the Russian Federation weakens and covers the fairies about the capture of Bakhmut - Syrsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691050-armia-rf-slabsae-i-prikrivae-provali-fejkami-pro-vzatta-bahmuta-sirskij.html
The SBU has declared suspicion of five fighters from Kalmius in the preparation of terrorist attacks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691052-sbu-ogolosila-pidozru-patom-bojovikam-iz-grupi-kalmius-u-pidgotovci-teraktiv.html
Zelenskaya discussed with UNESCO CEO of Ukraine's CEO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3691110-zelenska-obgovorila-z-gendirektorkou-unesko-zberezenna-ukrainskoi-kulturnoi-spadsini.html
In Zhytomyr region, the priest of the UOC -MP hit the boy's head - police opened the case
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3691054-na-zitomirsini-svasennik-upc-mp-vdariv-po-golovi-hlopcika-policia-vidkrila-spravu.html
The athletes of the Russian Federation and Belarus will be admitted to the 2023 World Cup with Taekwondo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3691055-sportsmeniv-rf-ta-bilorusi-dopustat-na-cs2023-z-thekvondo.html
Government during a full -scale war attracted ₴ 395 billion from sales of the T -bills
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3691056-urad-za-cas-povnomasstabnoi-vijni-zaluciv-395-milardiv-vid-prodazu-ovdp.html
The Russians in the Avdi and Marinsk directions have a projectile famine - defense forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691067-u-rosian-na-avdiivskomu-ta-marinskomu-napramkah-sposterigaetsa-snaradnij-golod-sili-oboroni.html
Richskis: I see Stepanovsky in the role of the head coach of the national team
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3691060-bagatskis-bacu-stepanovskogo-v-roli-golovnogo-trenera-zbirnoi.html
Reuters: Russia and India in Oil Trade switched to the Dubai prices
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3691061-reuters-rosia-ta-india-u-torgivli-naftou-perejsli-na-etalon-cin-dubai.html
Anti-Ukrainian propaganda: The prosecutor's office reported suspicion of a millionaire blogger
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3691063-antiukrainska-propaganda-prokuratura-povidomila-pidozru-blogerumiljonniku.html
In the Nikolaev area teenagers found three grenades on the playground on the playground
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3691064-na-mikolaivsini-pidlitki-znajsli-na-ditacomu-majdanciku-tri-granati.html
Zelensky presented awards to the military and civilian for heroism during the de -occupation of Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3691065-zelenskij-vruciv-nagorodi-vijskovim-i-civilnim-za-geroizm-pid-cas-deokupacii-cernigivsini.html
Odeska Oblast(00:23). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilneodesa/22213
Russians in April can "mobilize" young people from temporarily occupied territories - mayor of Melitopol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3691068-rosiani-u-kvitni-mozut-mobilizuvati-molod-z-timcasovo-okupovanih-teritorij-mer-melitopola.html
SBU showed exclusive footage from today's exchange of prisoners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691070-sbu-pokazala-ekskluzivni-kadri-zi-sogodnisnogo-obminu-polonenimi.html
Drone attack reported in Odesa, several explosions were audible
https://t.me/our_odessa/45914
Fedorov rejects the delivery of stories through messengers - technically impossible
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3691072-fedorov-vidkidae-vrucenna-povistok-cerez-mesendzeri-tehnicno-nemozlivo.html
Ukrenergo has received over € 700 million loans from partners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3691074-ukrenergo-otrimalo-ponad-700-miljoniv-kreditiv-vid-partneriv.html
Air defense is active near Odesa
https://t.me/Tsaplienko/29204
Ukraine will use international experience in creating a national electronic library
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3691075-ukraina-vikoristae-miznarodnij-dosvid-u-stvorenni-nacionalnoi-elektronnoi-biblioteki.html
In Avdiivka, the Russians fired the bus - the passenger was killed, the driver was injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691081-v-avdiivci-rosiani-obstrilali-avtobus-pasazirka-zaginula-vodij-poranenij.html
Pope Francis urged to pray for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3691079-papa-francisk-zaklikav-molitisa-za-ukrainu.html
The enemy tries to step in four directions, the Armed Forces reflected more than 45 attacks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691083-vorog-namagaetsa-nastupati-na-cotiroh-napramkah-zsu-vidbili-ponad-45-atak.html
Reconstruction of Chernihiv region: Zelensky showed Vicecanzler of German
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3691086-vidnovlenna-cernigovsini-zelenskij-pokazav-vicekancleru-frn-ak-remontuut-mist-cerez-desnu.html
New IMF Program: Ukraine received the first tranche of $ 2.7 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3691087-nova-programa-z-mvf-ukraina-otrimala-persij-trans-na-27-milarda.html
In Ukrinform presented the results of the project "Adaptation of women in new conditions of life during the war"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3691089-v-ukrinformi-predstavili-rezultati-proektu-adaptacia-zinok-u-novih-umovah-zitta-pid-cas-vijni.html
Projects of NGO "Other Education" and isolation Foundation have won grants from the European Union
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3691090-proekti-go-insa-osvita-ta-fondu-izolacia-zdobuli-granti-vid-evrosouzu.html
Tsurenko made his way to the second circle of WTA tournament in Charleston
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3691091-curenko-upevneno-probilasa-do-drugogo-kola-turniru-wta-u-carlstoni.html
White House announced this week another defensive package for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691094-bilij-dim-anonsuvav-cogo-tizna-se-odin-oboronnij-paket-dla-ukraini.html
China for the first time in 59 years changed the position on the Kuril Islands belonging
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3691097-kitaj-vperse-za-59-rokiv-zminiv-poziciu-sodo-prinaleznosti-kurilskih-ostroviv.html
Naev told about the readiness of defense forces on the border with Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691106-naev-rozpoviv-pro-gotovnist-sil-oboroni-na-kordoni-z-bilorussu.html
Translator for an English -language version of the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3677239-ukrinform-vidkrivae-vakansiu-perekladaca-dla-anglomovnoi-versii-sajtu.html
Zelensky showed the Council of Europe Secretary General "True Concentration" in the village in Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3691100-zelenskij-pokazav-genseku-radi-evropi-spravznij-konctabir-u-seli-na-cernigivsini.html
The White House denied Russian fakes about Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691113-bilij-dim-sprostuvav-rosijski-fejki-pro-bahmut.html
Agrarians from frontline areas will be able to get corn and sunflower seeds - FAO is already accepting applications
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3691118-agrarii-z-prifrontovih-oblastej-zmozut-otrimati-nasinna-kukurudzi-ta-sonasnika-fao-prijmae-zaavki.html
More than 20 underground arms arrested in Europe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3691121-u-evropi-arestuvali-ponad-20-pidpilnih-torgovciv-zbroeu.html
Zelensky met with UNESCO CEO, received a certificate for Odessa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3691119-zelenskij-podakuvav-gendirektorci-unesko-za-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
In the Carpathian region, the Russian will be judged in absentia for the preparation of the State Community in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3691120-na-prikarpatti-zaocno-suditimut-rosianina-za-pidgotovku-derzperevorotu-v-ukraini.html
States criticized OPEC+ Reduce Oil Production Solution
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3691124-stati-rozkritikuvali-risenna-opek-skorotiti-vidobutok-nafti.html
The Russians have hit the enterprise in the Berislav district
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691125-rosiani-kerovanimi-aviabombami-vdarili-po-pidpriemstvu-v-berislavskomu-rajoni.html
In the five nominations of the International German-Ukrainian Prize. Oles Honchar declared laureates
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3691127-u-patoh-nominaciah-miznarodnoi-nimeckoukrainskoi-premii-im-olesa-goncara-ogolosili-lavreativ.html
The Ministry of Youth Sports once again called on boycotting tournaments with the participation of athletes from Russia and Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3691129-minmolodsport-vkotre-zaklikav-bojkotuvati-turniri-za-ucastu-atletiv-z-rosii-ta-bilorusi.html
More than 350 special permits for the use of subsoil have already been sold through e-auctions in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3691128-cerez-eaukcioni-v-ukraini-vze-prodali-ponad-350-specdozvoliv-na-koristuvanna-nadrami.html
The program of energy efficiency of public buildings has started in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3691131-v-ukraini-startuvala-programa-energoefektivnosti-gromadskih-budivel.html
The coordination headquarters told about social payments when the defender is considered missing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3691138-u-koordinacijnomu-stabi-rozpovili-pro-socviplati-koli-zahisnik-vvazaetsa-zniklim-bezvisti.html
In Ukraine tomorrow without significant rainfall, day up to 5 ° heat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690950-v-ukraini-zavtra-bez-istotnih-opadiv-uden-do-5-tepla.html
In the US, Ukraine will start the spring offensive for weeks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691142-u-ssa-pripuskaut-so-ukraina-rozpocne-vesnanij-nastup-uprodovz-tizniv.html
In Mariupol, the invaders plan to move the Russian Federation and the Gentilers in 665 homes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3691146-u-mariupoli-zagarbniki-planuut-rozseliti-vijskovih-rf-ta-gastrolerivcinovnikiv-u-665-budinkah.html
Medical rehabilitation of premature children is carried out in 128 hospitals - MOH
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3691148-medicnu-reabilitaciu-peredcasno-narodzenih-ditej-provodat-u-128-likarnah-moz.html
There are already five brigades of fighters - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691150-na-ozbroenni-zsu-vze-e-pat-brigad-vinisuvaciv-ignat.html
Meeting in Vereshchuk: The state should guarantee social protection veterans in peaceful life
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3691152-narada-u-veresuk-derdava-mae-garantuvati-soczahist-veteranam-u-mirnomu-zitti.html
The Russians fired a community three times in Sumy region with automatic grenade launchers and mortars
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691149-rosiani-trici-obstrilali-gromadu-na-sumsini-z-avtomaticnih-granatometiv-ta-minometiv.html
At the Ministry of Education
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3691154-u-mon-rozpovili-skilki-trivatime-reestracia-na-multipredmetnij-test.html
Pomfir tape collected more than ₴ 6.6 million already
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3691157-stricka-pamfir-zibrala-u-prokati-vze-bilse-66-miljona.html
Nemenza: Russia is legally in the UN - as a continuer of the Soviet Union
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3691158-nebenza-rosia-perebuvae-v-oon-zakonno-ak-prodovzuvac-radanskogo-souzu.html
Zelensky met with a delegation of republican congressmen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3691160-zelenskij-zustrivsa-z-delegacieu-kongresmenivrespublikanciv.html
In March, the UN recorded the death of 178 civilians in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691162-u-berezni-oon-zafiksuvala-zagibel-v-ukraini-178-civilnih-osib.html
WBA has announced the champion duel between Usik and Duba
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3691161-wba-ogolosila-pro-cempionskij-poedinok-miz-usikom-ta-dubua.html
President: We approach the day every day when the terrorist state is in line with
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691164-prezident-sodna-nablizaemo-den-koli-derzavaterorist-vidpovidatime.html
Zelensky held a field meeting in Chernihiv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691166-zelenskij-proviv-viizne-zasidanna-stavki-u-cernigovi.html
MKIP will challenge Stasyuk's renewal as the CEO of the Museum of Holodomor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3691168-mkip-oskarzit-ponovlenna-stasuk-na-posadi-gendirektora-muzeu-golodomorugenocidu.html
The hockey players of the national team of Ukraine on victory started at the World Cup 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3691167-hokeistki-zbirnoi-ukraini-z-peremogi-startuvali-na-cs2023.html
The Kremlin will not be able to cover up a chair in the UN Council and gas pipes - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3691169-u-kremla-ne-vijde-prikritisa-krislom-u-radbezi-oon-ta-gazovimi-trubami-zelenskij.html
US and Canada have announced the names of four astronauts that will fly the moon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3691170-ssa-j-kanada-ogolosili-imena-cotiroh-astronavtiv-aki-obletat-misac.html
APL: Everton with Mykolenko Avoid defeat from Tottenham
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3691171-apl-everton-z-mikolenkom-unik-u-porazki-vid-tottengema.html
Sanctions against the Russian Federation as of 02 April
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/sankcziyi-proty-rosijskoyi-federacziyi-stanom-na-02-kvitnya/
Who promoted the Kremlin narratives in foreign media - CPD
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/hto-czogo-tyzhnya-prosuvav-naratyvy-kremlya-v-inozemnyh-media-czpd/
Free Legal Assistance Fired from captivity and families of those who are still in captivity
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/bezoplatna-pravova-dopomoga-zvilnenym-z-polonu-ta-simyam-tyh-hto-shhe-v-nevoli/
Law enforcement officers documented the consequences of regular enemy shelling of Kharkiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/pravoohoronczi-zadokumentuvaly-naslidky-chergovyh-vorozhyh-obstriliv-harkivshhyny/
The UN Security Council needs reform - the Czech Foreign Minister
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/radbez-oon-potrebuye-reformy-glava-mzs-chehiyi/
The price of a failed "freezing of Ukraine" - CPD
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/czina-nevdalogo-zamorozhuvannya-ukrayiny-czpd/
The Russian serviceman tells his father about the successful operation of the Armed Forces in neighboring positions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/vijskovosluzhbovecz-rf-rozpovidaye-batkovi-pro-vdalu-operacziyu-zsu-na-susidnih-pozycziyah/
Our aircraft during the day struck eight blows on the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/nasha-aviacziya-protyagom-doby-zavdala-visim-udariv-po-vorogu/
Over the past day, the enemy has struck 5 rocket launchers and 32 aircraft strike
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-protyvnyk-zavdav-5-raketnyh-32-aviaczijnyh-udary-zdijsnyv-bilshe-50-obstriliv-z-rszv/
Among the Estonians, Ukraine's support reaches 98 percent
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/sered-estoncziv-pidtrymka-ukrayiny-syagaye-98-vidsotkiv/
The occupiers are forcing Melitopol teachers to give up Ukrainian citizenship
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/okupanty-zmushuyut-melitopolskyh-vchyteliv-vidmovytysya-vid-ukrayinskogo-gromadyanstva/
Enemy loss per day: minus 610 invaders, 7 BBM and 13 drones - the General Staff of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-minus-610-okupantiv-7-bbm-ta-13-bezpilotnykiv-genshtab-zsu/
US Ambassador to Ukraine: The liberation of the Kyiv region a year ago showed the world that Ukraine would repel and not obey
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/posol-ssha-v-ukrayini-zvilnennya-kyyivshhyny-rik-tomu-pokazalo-svitovi-shho-ukrayina-davatyme-vidsich-i-ne-pidkorytsya/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
There are 9 invaders' warships in the Black Sea of combat duty in the Black Sea, including two rockets
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/na-bojovomu-cherguvanni-v-chornomu-mori-zalyshayetsya-9-bojovyh-korabliv-zagarbnykiv-zokrema-dva-raketonosiyi/
The Commander of the Joint Forces of the Armed Forces met with volunteers and thanked for the help of soldiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/komanduvach-obyednanyh-syl-zsu-zustrivsya-z-volonteramy-ta-podyakuvav-za-dopomogu-voyinam/
Pyrotechnics of the SESS neutralized 116 explosive objects during the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-116-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-vprodovzh-doby/
In Donetsk, we managed to improve our tactical position - Alexey Dmitrashkivsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/na-donechchyni-nam-vdalosya-pokrashhyty-svoye-taktychne-polozhennya-oleksij-dmytrashkivskyj/
During the day the enemy fired at 7 regions of Ukraine, 12 civilians were killed, 32 were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/za-dobu-vorog-obstrilyav-7-oblastej-ukrayiny-12-czyvilnyh-zagyblyh-32-poraneno/
The Council of Europe Secretary General for Ukraine arrived in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/v-ukrayinu-z-vizytom-prybula-gensek-rady-yevropy/
Almost 17,000 crimes against the National Security of Ukraine - the Office of the Prosecutor General have been recorded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/zafiksovano-majzhe-17-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-naczbezpeky-ukrayiny-ofis-genprokurora-2/
In Kramatorsk, the associate of Russian special services was detained
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/u-kramatorsku-zatrymano-poplichnyczyu-rosijskyh-speczsluzhb/
Poland has already handed over several MiG-29 fighters to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/polshha-vzhe-peredala-ukrayini-kilka-vynyshhuvachiv-mig-29/
We give a daily and public position on Bakhmut - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/my-shhodenno-ta-publichno-nadayemo-oficzijnu-pozycziyu-po-bahmutu-ganna-malyar/
Three carriers of "Caliber" holds Russia in the Mediterranean - Navy of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/try-nosiyi-raket-kalibr-trymaye-rosiya-u-seredzemnomu-mori-vms-zsu-3/
Army Victor Petrov won gold at the boxing tournament in Lithuania
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/armiyecz-viktor-petrov-vygrav-zoloto-na-bokserskomu-turniri-u-lytvi/
South Korea, Japan and USA started large -scale maritime training
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/pivdenna-koreya-yaponiya-i-ssha-rozpochaly-masshtabni-morski-navchannya/
In the Kherson region, the army of the Russian Federation fired at two villages by managed airbots
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/na-hersonshhyni-armiya-rf-obstrilyala-dva-sela-kerovanymy-aviabombamy/
Norwegian instructors teach our defenders to fire in defensive battle
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/norvezki-instruktory-navchayut-nashyh-zahysnykiv-vesty-vogon-v-oboronnomu-boyu/
Everywhere where the Russian tricolor went, evil and suffering were brought - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/vsyudy-kudy-zahodyv-rosijskyj-trykolor-bulo-prynesene-zlo-i-strazhdannya-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Two residents of Kherson region were sentenced to conducting an illegal referendum
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/za-provedennya-nezakonnogo-referendumu-zasudzheno-dvoh-zhytelok-hersonshhyny/
April 4 will be a meeting-presentation for the Day of Enlightenment on Mine Danger
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/4-kvitnya-vidbudetsya-zustrich-prezentacziya-do-dnya-prosvity-z-pytan-minnoyi-nebezpeky/
The suspicion of the occupation "Minister of Communication of the DPR" was reported, which helped the FSB listen to residents of Donetsk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-okupaczijnomu-ministru-zvyazku-dnr-yakyj-dopomig-fsb-prosluhovuvaty-zhyteliv-doneczka/
Denmark and Norway pass thousands of artillery shells to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/daniya-i-norvegiya-peredayut-ukrayini-tysyachi-artylerijskyh-snaryadiv/
The threat of use by the occupiers of Iranian drones remains - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/zagroza-vykorystannya-okupantamy-iranskyh-droniv-lyshayetsya-yurij-ignat/
Ukraine and Romania will hold the first Black Sea Sea Security Conference of the International Crimean Platform in Bucharest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/ukrayina-ta-rumuniya-provedut-u-buharesti-pershu-chornomorsku-bezpekovu-konferencziyu-mizhnarodnoyi-krymskoyi-platformy/
On April 4, there will be a round table "Officers without weapons. Institute of Military Chaplaincy in Ukraine »
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/4-kvitnya-vidbudetsya-kruglyj-stil-oficzery-bez-zbroyi-instytut-vijskovogo-kapelanstva-v-ukrayini/
On the portal action. Business appeared for veterans-entrepreneurs and their families
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/na-portali-diya-biznes-zyavyvsya-rozdil-dlya-veteraniv-pidpryyemcziv-ta-yihnih-rodyn/
Thank you that they survived, waited for the Armed Forces and told the world about the tragedy in berry - the head of state
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/glava-derzhavy-dyakuyu-shho-vyzhyly-dochekalysya-zsu-i-rozpovily-svitovi-pro-tragediyu-v-yagidnomu/
The President of Ukraine awarded wounded defenders warriors
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/prezydent-ukrayiny-nagorodyv-poranenyh-voyiniv-zahysnykiv/
We need Western weapons to 100% protect Ukraine from the air - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/nam-potribno-zahidne-ozbroyennya-aby-na-100-zahystyty-ukrayinu-z-povitrya-yurij-ignat/
We need Western weapons to 100% protect Ukraine from the air - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/nam-potribno-zahidne-ozbroyennya-aby-na-100-zahystyty-ukrayinu-z-povitrya-yurij-ignat/
Beat and mimic the execution of civilians: another occupier will be tried for crimes in Irpen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/byv-ta-imituvav-rozstril-czyvilnyh-shhe-odnogo-okupanta-sudytymut-za-zlochyny-v-irpeni/
NATO countries will create a long -standing program to support Ukraine - Jens Stoltenberg
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/krayiny-nato-stvoryat-bagatorichnu-programu-dlya-pidtrymky-ukrayiny-yens-stoltenberg/
12 more Ukrainians returned home from captivity - among them five seriously wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/dodomu-z-polonu-povernulosya-shhe-12-ukrayincziv-sered-nyh-pyatero-vazhkoporanenyh/
The world saw that Ukraine is able to get out of this war - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/svit-pobachyv-shho-ukrayina-zdatna-vyjty-peremozhczem-iz-cziyeyi-vijny-prezydent-ukrayiny/
The enemy weakens and tries to cover his failures with fakes about taking Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/vorog-slabshaye-i-namagayetsya-prykryty-svoyi-provaly-fejkamy-pro-vzyattya-bahmutu/
Our aviation has made 5 beats on the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/vorog-vdaryv-z-minometiv-po-akvatoriyi-dnipro-buzkogo-lymanu/
In Chernihiv region, the President of Ukraine has negotiated with Vicekanzler, Minister of Economy and Climate Protection of Germany
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/na-chernigivshhyni-prezydent-ukrayiny-proviv-peregovory-z-vicze-kanczlerom-ministrom-ekonomiky-ta-zahystu-klimatu-nimechchyny/
The enemy has caused 3 missile and 17 aviation strikes in our positions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/vorog-zavdav-3-raketnyh-ta-17-aviaczijnyh-udariv-po-nashyh-pozycziyah/
The Head of State held a meeting with the Secretary General of the Council of Europe in Chernihiv
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/glava-derzhavy-proviv-u-chernigovi-zustrich-iz-generalnym-sekretarem-rady-yevropy/
Our defenders repulsed up to 50 invaders' attacks during the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/nashi-zahysnyky-vidbyly-do-50-atak-zagarbnyka/
Let us mobilize for the demining of Ukraine both foreign producers and Ukrainian - Yulia Sviridenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/mobilizuyemo-na-rozminuvannya-ukrayiny-yak-inozemnyh-vyrobnykiv-shho-mayut-vidpovidni-peredovi-tehnologiyi-tak-i-ukrayinskyh-yuliya-svyrydenko/
In Chernihiv region, the President of Ukraine met with UNESCO CEO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/na-chernigivshhyni-prezydent-ukrayiny-proviv-zustrich-iz-generalnym-dyrektorom-yunesko/
Ukraine received $ 2.7 billion. US from the IMF
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/ukrayina-otrymala-27-mlrd-dol-ssha-vid-mvf/
In the Kherson region, the racists plan to export Ukrainian women and children to the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/na-hersonshhyni-rashysty-planuyut-vyvozyty-ukrayinskyh-zhinok-ta-ditej-do-rf/
The SBU reported the suspicion of Prokremlivsky blogger-millionaire, who calls herself a "chief speaker of war"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/sbu-povidomyla-pro-pidozru-prokremlivskomu-blogeru-miljonnyku-yakyj-nazyvaye-sebe-golovnym-spikerom-vijny/
We get stronger daily, we approach the day when the terrorist state is responsible-the President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/shhodnya-stayemo-micznishymy-shhodnya-nablyzhayemo-den-koly-derzhava-teroryst-vidpovidatyme-prezydent-ukrayiny/
A meeting with families of servicemen of a separate mechanized brigade took place at the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodynamy-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-okremoyi-mehanizovanoyi-brygady/
Short. War. Day 404. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/korotko-vijna-den-404-videodajdzhest/
Duda got a fire of peace to European games-2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3691179-duda-otrimav-u-rimi-vogon-miru-do-evropejskih-igor2023.html
In Odessa there was an explosion - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3691180-v-odesi-prolunav-vibuh-zmi.html
The case was transferred to the court, which was bullied by the residents of Irpen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3691178-do-sudu-peredali-spravu-vijskovogo-rf-akij-znusavsa-z-meskanciv-irpena.html
Svitolina and Kalinina gave way to WTA tournament in Charleston
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3691177-svitolina-i-kalinina-postupilisa-na-starti-turniru-wta-v-carlstoni.html
Governor of the Bryansk region of Russia declared an attack of UAV on the military enlistment office and the building of the Ministry of Internal Affairs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3691175-gubernator-branskij-oblasti-rosii-zaaviv-pro-ataku-bpla-na-vijskkomat-i-budivlu-mvs.html
Pompeo called the "remnant" membership of China and Russia in the UN Security Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3691173-pompeo-nazvav-perezitkom-clenstvo-kitau-ta-rosii-v-radbezi-oon.html
A WSJ journalist detained in Russia had nothing to do with espionage - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3691132-zatrimanij-u-rosii-zurnalist-wsj-ne-mav-zodnogo-vidnosenna-do-spigunstva-bilij-dim.html
A WSJ journalist detained in Russia had nothing to do with espionage - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3691132-zatrimanij-u-rosii-zurnalist-wsj-ne-mav-zodnogo-vidnosenna-do-spigunstva-bilij-dim.html
Pompeo called the "remnant" membership of China and Russia in the UN Security Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3691173-pompeo-nazvav-perezitkom-clenstvo-kitau-ta-rosii-v-radbezi-oon.html
Governor of the Bryansk region of Russia declared an attack of UAV on the military enlistment office and the building of the Ministry of Internal Affairs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3691175-gubernator-branskij-oblasti-rosii-zaaviv-pro-ataku-bpla-na-vijskkomat-i-budivlu-mvs.html
Svitolina and Kalinina gave way to WTA tournament in Charleston
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3691177-svitolina-i-kalinina-postupilisa-na-starti-turniru-wta-v-carlstoni.html
The case was transferred to the court, which was bullied by the residents of Irpen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3691178-do-sudu-peredali-spravu-vijskovogo-rf-akij-znusavsa-z-meskanciv-irpena.html
In Odessa there was an explosion - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3691180-v-odesi-prolunav-vibuh-zmi.html
Duda got a fire of peace to European games-2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3691179-duda-otrimav-u-rimi-vogon-miru-do-evropejskih-igor2023.html
Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with a delegation of the House of Representatives of the US Congress
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/volodymyr-zelenskyj-zustrivsya-z-delegacziyeyu-palaty-predstavnykiv-kongresu-ssha-2/
In Russia, wounded occupiers are not paid the promised one -time cash payment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/na-rosiyi-poranenym-okupantam-ne-vyplachuyut-obiczyanu-odnorazovu-groshovu-vyplatu/
The CNAPs will provide 19 new services to veterans and their families
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/u-cznapah-nadavatymut-19-novyh-poslug-veteranam-ta-yihnim-rodynam-yuliya-laputina/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====