乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-25

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Kamyanka, Topoli, Krasnaya Pershe, Novomolinsk, courtyards ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4884
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Kramatorsk, Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Grigoriv ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4886
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Ceramics, Overite, Lastochkine, Avdiivka, SEV ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4887
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Maximilanivka, Krak ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4888
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian Army Shelled Paraskovivka, Novomykhailivka, Village, God ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4889
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Burlatske, Novosilka, Z...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4890
Donetsk Oblast(19:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46439
In Dnipropetrovsk, a man who "drained" information about the location of the Armed Forces was condemned
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/na-dnipropetrovshhyni-zasudyly-cholovika-yakyj-zlyvav-informacziyu-pro-roztashuvannya-zsu/
Zaporizka Oblast(21:04). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/24-may-zaporizka-oblast2104-red-alert-aerial-g
Short. War. Day 454. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/korotko-vijna-den-454-videodajdzhest/
Chernihivska Oblast(22:28). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18890
Kyiv, Kyiv Oblast(22:41). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46445
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(22:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46447
Kirovohradska Oblast(22:58). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46448
“In general, not very good news. Even there are no armor
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/zagalom-ne-duzhe-horoshi-novyny-navit-blindazhiv-nemaye-perehoplennya-gur-mou/
Zhytomyr, Zhytomyrska Oblast(23:10). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46449
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(23:14). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46450
Khmelnytska Oblast(23:42). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46451
Rivne, Rivnenska Oblast(23:44). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46452
Odeska Oblast(23:52). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46453
Due to the polluted explosives of the territory in the risk zone are 6.1 million people - the Ministry of Economy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/cherez-zabrudneni-vybuhivkoyu-terytoriyi-v-zoni-ryzyku-perebuvayut-61-mln-lyudej-minekonomiky/
Ternopil, Ternopil region, Volyn region (00:10). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Soundi ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46455
Vinnytska Oblast(00:19). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46456
Lviv, Lvivska Oblast(00:27). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46457
Air defense was active in Kyiv region
https://t.me/ukrpravda_news/30905
In the Virgin Mary in Donetsk, the bodies of dead local residents have been exhumed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/u-bogorodychnomu-na-donechchyni-eksgumovano-tila-zagyblyh-misczevyh-meshkancziv/
Chernivetska Oblast(01:08). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46459
Ivano-Frankivsk, Ivano-Frankivska Oblast(01:12). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. T...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46460
We count on the help of UN pyrotechnic units - Yulia Sviridenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/my-rozrahovuyemo-na-dopomogu-pirotehnichnyh-pidrozdiliv-oon-yuliya-svyrydenko/
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(02:03). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/25175
Transition Framework - Regulatory Basis for Reintegration of Liberated Territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/ramkovyj-zakon-pro-perehidnyj-period-normatyvna-osnova-dlya-reintegracziyi-zvilnenyh-terytorij/
Zakarpattia Oblast(03:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46473
Defense forces destroyed enemy Ka-52 and four drones-Kamikadze
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/syly-oborony-znyshhyly-vorozhyj-ka-52-ta-chotyry-drony-kamikadze/
26 combat clashes occurred in 5 directions - the General Staff of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/26-bojovyh-zitknen-vidbulosya-za-dobu-na-5-napryamkah-genshtab-zsu/
Air defense was active in Lviv, Chernivtsy, Khmelnitsky regions
https://t.me/channel24_ua/89616
The invaders do not stop aviation and artudaries on civil infrastructure - the GS of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/okupanty-ne-prypynyayut-aviaczijnyh-ta-artudariv-po-czyvilnij-infrastrukturi-gsh-zsu/
Russians removed mobile communication equipment from Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/rosiyany-vyvezly-obladnannya-mobilnogo-zvyazku-z-hersonshhyny/
A multiple increase in the number of displaced persons do not predict - Irina Vereshchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/kratnogo-zbilshennya-kilkosti-pereselencziv-ne-prognozuyemo-iryna-vereshhuk/
The Netherlands allocate 260 million euros for ammunition for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/niderlandy-vydilyayut-260-mln-yevro-na-zakupivlyu-boyeprypasiv-dlya-ukrayiny/
Minus 400 invaders, 21 artsystem and 7 drones: daily losses of Russian Federation in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/minus-400-okupantiv-21-artsystema-ta-7-bezpilotnykiv-dobovi-vtraty-rf-v-ukrayini/
Germany handed Ukraine a new military assistance package to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/nimechchyna-peredala-ukrayini-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy/
The world of generation of our parents is the inheritance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/myr-pokolinnya-nashyh-batkiv-cze-myr-yakyj-yim-zalyshyly-v-spadok-ti-hto-peremig-peredostannyu-velyku-agresiyu-v-yevropi-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
On May 25 there will be a briefing of representative of the National University of Defense of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/25-travnya-vidbudetsya-bryfing-predstavnyka-naczionalnogo-universytetu-oborony-ukrayiny/
Units of missile troops and artillery of defense forces per day struck 14 different enemy goals
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/pidrozdily-raketnyh-vijsk-i-artyleriyi-syl-oborony-za-dobu-urazyly-14-riznomanitnyh-vorozhyh-czilej/
Oleksandr Pavlyuk checked the work of the coordination center of monitoring the state of mine safety
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/oleksandr-pavlyuk-pereviryv-robotu-koordynaczijnogo-czentru-monitoryngu-stanu-minnoyi-bezpeky/
During the operation, the Legion "Freedom of Russia" and RDCs released more than 50 square kilometers of Belgorod region from the Putin regime
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/pid-chas-operacziyi-legion-svoboda-rossyy-ta-rdk-zvilnyly-vid-putinskogo-rezhymu-ponad-50-kvadratnyh-kilometriv-byelgorodshhyny/
Today Anna Malyar has performed at the largest safety conference in Europe
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/sogodni-ganna-malyar-vystupyla-na-najbilshij-konferencziyi-z-bezpeky-u-yevropi/
Russian tank has reached Berlin and the Netherlands as a museum exhibit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/rosijskyj-tank-doyihav-berlinu-ta-niderlandiv-yak-muzejnyj-eksponat/
The enormous path of vaccination from Russian infovids has been traveled. We learned to distinguish and feel even between the lines their insidiousness - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/projdeno-kolosalnyj-shlyah-shheplennya-vid-rosijskyh-info-vkydiv-my-navchylys-vyriznyaty-ta-vidchuvaty-navit-mizh-ryadkiv-yih-pidstupnist-ganna-malyar/
"What is the cheapest in Russia is the life of people with whom they do not count at all" - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/te-shho-v-rosiyi-najdeshevshe-cze-zhyttya-lyudej-z-yakymy-vony-vzagali-ne-rahuyutsya-ganna-malyar/
We are fighting against evil - the Legion "Freedom of Russia" and RDC
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/my-voyuyemo-proty-zla-legion-svoboda-rossyy-ta-rdk/
The heavy battles for Bakhmut do not stop to this day, despite the significant advantage of the enemy in artillery and live power - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/oborona-bahmuta-tryvaye-z-lita-mynulogo-roku-i-zaraz-vpershe-maye-uspih/
An exhibition of archival photographs of Kiev opened in Shevchenko Park
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3714152-u-parku-sevcenka-vidkrilasa-vistavka-arhivnih-svitlin-kieva.html
In Donetsk, the enemy aimed at firing a car "White Angels"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714098-na-doneccini-vorog-pricilno-obstrilav-avtomobil-bilih-angoliv.html
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Stroyivka, Kamyanka, Krasnaya Pershe, RedkoDub, Yard ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4893
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske and Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske a...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4894
The International Book Fair opened in Warsaw, Ukraine is an honorary guest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3714265-u-varsavi-vidkrivsa-miznarodnij-knizkovij-armarok-ukraina-pocesnij-gist.html
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Markovo, Grigorivka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4895
On the United24 platform will sell the Ukrainian flag from the top of Everest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3714262-na-platformi-united24-prodadut-ukrainskij-prapor-z-versini-everestu.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Novokalinova, Avdiivka, Karlovka, Pervomaisky Academy of Sciences ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4896
President awarded 320 military, 121 of them - posthumously
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714268-prezident-nagorodiv-320-vijskovih-121-z-nih-posmertno.html
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Krasnohorivka, Maryinka, Novomykhaylivka and Pobye...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4897
Biden has determined the replacement of US General Staff Millie
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714266-bajden-viznacivsa-iz-zaminou-golovi-genstabu-ssa-milli.html
The semi -final pairs of the hockey ot
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714264-viznacilis-pivfinalni-pari-cs-z-hokeu.html
In Avdiivka under the destroyed houses there are two bodies that cannot be obtained
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714259-v-avdiivci-pid-zrujnovanimi-budinkami-zalisautsa-dva-tila-aki-nemozlivo-distati.html
South Korea decided to dramatically increase production of K2 tanks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3713964-pivdenna-korea-virisila-rizko-zbilsiti-virobnictvo-tankiv-k2.html
Crawford and Spence have agreed to fight for the title of absolute world champion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714260-krouford-ta-spens-domovilisa-pro-bij-za-zvanna-absolutnogo-cempiona-svitu.html
Ukraine should adhere to China's Protective Policy - Klimkin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714261-ukraina-mae-dotrimuvatisa-zahisnoi-politiki-sodo-kitau-klimkin.html
The Russians fired at seven communities of Sumy region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714256-rosiani-za-den-obstrilali-sim-gromad-prikordonna-sumsini.html
In Poltava region opened a restored sports and rehabilitation complex
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3714255-na-poltavsini-vidkrili-vidnovlenij-sportivnoreabilitacijnij-kompleks.html
The reconstruction program should provide for the continuation of key reforms - Klitschko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3714254-programa-vidbudovi-ukraini-mae-vklucati-prodovzenna-klucovih-reform-klicko.html
The US has imposed sanctions against Wagner's head in Mali
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714251-ssa-vveli-sankcii-proti-kerivnika-vagnera-v-mali.html
Action Philosophy: Fedorov told in the European Parliament about the Ukrainian experience of Dyjitization
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3714250-filosofia-dii-fedorov-rozpoviv-u-evroparlamenti-pro-ukrainskij-dosvid-didzitalizacii.html
Svitolina: Has a wonderful match but it is not the peak of my opportunities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714248-svitolina-provela-cudovij-matc-ale-ce-ne-pik-moih-mozlivostej.html
Zelensky appealed to the Hopkins University of American University
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714247-zelenskij-zvernuvsa-do-spilnoti-amerikanskogo-universitetu-imeni-dzona-gopkinsa.html
Zelensky - About Agro Export: We will be able to find solutions for farmers in Ukraine and neighboring countries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3714245-zelenskij-pro-agroeksport-zmozemo-znajti-risenna-dla-fermeriv-v-ukraini-ta-krainahsusidkah.html
France considers the launch of a ballistic missile by Iran alarm signal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714205-francia-vvazae-zapusk-balisticnoi-raketi-iranom-trivoznim-signalom.html
Lost his hand because of the shelling of the Russians: a teenager from Kherson region received a bionic prosthesis
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714241-vtrativ-ruku-cerez-obstril-rosian-pidlitok-z-hersonsini-otrimav-bionicnij-protez.html
NATO membership is needed as soon as possible - Rebecca Garms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714240-clenstvo-v-nato-ukraini-potribne-aknajsvidse-rebekka-garms.html
It is planned to create an international fund - Pentagon to provide Ukraine with aircraft
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714242-dla-zabezpecenna-ukraini-litakami-f16-planuetsa-stvoriti-miznarodnij-fond-pentagon.html
Zelensky thanked the National Guards who knocked down two Russian Su-25 under Melitopol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714243-zelenskij-podakuvav-nacgvardijcam-aki-zbili-dva-rosijski-su25-pid-melitopolem.html
Lithuania announced a new package of military assistance to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714238-litva-anonsuvala-novij-paket-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
Falcon signed the former Donbass captain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714237-sokil-pidpisav-kolisnogo-kapitana-donbasu.html
Russians fired from heavy artillery Nikopol - damaged houses, transmission lines and gas pipelines
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714236-rosiani-obstrilali-z-vazkoi-artilerii-nikopol-poskodzeni-budinki-lep-i-gazoprovodi.html
Ukrainian air defense shot down 36 of 36 Shahed drones launched by Russia overnight
https://t.me/kpszsu/2532
Donetsk Oblast(09:19). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46484
Zaporizka Oblast(09:41). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46485
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(09:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46486
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanshchyna directions Russian army shelled Khrinivka, Khotyanivka and...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4892
International Support: The key factor of victory on the legal front is Andrey Kostin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/mizhnarodna-pidtrymka-klyuchovyj-faktor-peremogy-na-pravovomu-fronti-andrij-kostin/
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vodyane, Coal And And Great Novosilka - General ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4898
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4900
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka and Novosilka of Donetsk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4899
Adviser to the Ukrainian President: The counteroffensive will continue to destroy the Russian...
https://twitter.com/AJABreaking/status/1661645494227968001
2 person killed as result of Russian shelling in Raihorodka village of Luhansk region
https://twitter.com/HromadskeRadio/status/1661643384006615040
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(10:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/25189
Foreign states should take measures to protect their citizens in the occupied territories of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/inozemni-derzhavy-mayut-vzhyty-zahodiv-dlya-zahystu-svoyih-gromadyan-na-okupovanyh-terytoriyah-ukrayiny/
Dormitory of Kherson State University was damaged as result of shelling in Kherson overnight
https://twitter.com/hochu_dodomu/status/1661658466828558340
Donetsk Oblast(11:22). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46493
Explosions and fire reported at airport in Melitopol, Zaporizhzhia region
https://t.me/info_zp/36389
"Russian Volunteer Corps" RDK published new video from Glotovo village of Grayvoron district ...
https://t.me/lachentyt/29670
"Ukraine and the world - against Russian aggression" - the external intelligence service of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-sluzhba-zovnishnoyi-rozvidky-ukrayiny-4/
Sapper units of the Armed Forces of Ukraine in a week neutralized 1,448 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/sapernymy-pidrozdilamy-zs-ukrayiny-za-tyzhden-zneshkodzheno-1448-odynycz-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
106 Ukrainian were released from Russian captivity. These are military personnel from the Bak...
https://t.me/suspilnenews/21044
Medical assistance on the forefront is a key factor in saving the life of servicemen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/medychna-dopomoga-na-peredovij-klyuchovyj-faktor-vryatuvannya-zhyttya-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
Ukraine defense contact group in total has committed nearly $65 billion in security assistance...
https://twitter.com/OstapYarysh/status/1661710268202639373
A drone was shot down near Belgorod, - governor
https://t.me/rusbrief/120266
In Donetsk, it was evacuated from under the hostile fire of four children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/evakuacziya-za-300-metriv-vid-liniyi-frontu/
Finnish government: We will send more military equipment to Ukraine, including ammunition and...
https://twitter.com/SkyNewsArabia_B/status/1661717368886665216
The United Kingdom stands for strict sanctions against the Russian nuclear industry
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/velyka-brytaniya-vystupaye-za-suvori-sankcziyi-proty-rosijskoyi-yadernoyi-galuzi/
The Ministry of Reintegration will coordinate the compensation for the expenses for displaced persons - the decision of the Government
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/minreintegracziyi-koordynuvatyme-kompensacziyu-vytrat-za-pryhystok-pereselencziv-rishennya-uryadu/
Symbol of stability: a sculpture was installed on Sofia Square in honor of the prisoners from Azovstal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/symvol-stijkosti-skulptura-na-sofijskij-ploshhi-symvolizuye-stijkist-ukrayinskyh-vijskovopolonenyh-z-azovstali/
Educational and defense industries combine efforts to enhance Ukraine's defense capability
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/osvitnya-ta-oboronna-galuzi-obyednuyut-zusyllya-zadlya-posylennya-oboronozdatnosti-ukrayiny/
Russian artillery shelled Nikopol once more today
https://t.me/dnipropetrovskaODA/4830
International donors will provide Ukraine with 17 million euros for housing lending for IDPs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/mizhnarodni-donory-nadadut-ukrayini-17-mln-yevro-na-zhytlove-kredytuvannya-dlya-vpo/
Zaporizka Oblast(20:01). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46495
Dam at Karlivka water reservoir was damaged as result of shelling. Halytsynivka, Zhelanne-1 a...
https://t.me/info_zp/36417
National-patriotic education-in the first place among the priorities of Ukrainian youth
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/naczionalno-patriotychne-vyhovannya-na-pershomu-misczi-sered-priorytetiv-ukrayinskoyi-molodi/
Air defense was active at Morozovsk in Rostov region
https://t.me/rusbrief/120389
Zaporizka Oblast(21:54). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46498
A meeting with families of servicemen of the National Guard of Ukraine took place at the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodynamy-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-naczionalnoyi-gvardiyi-ukrayiny/
Explosions reported in Berdiansk
https://t.me/info_zp/36428
Governor of Rostov region claims Ukrainian missile was shot down near Morozovsk
https://t.me/rian_ru/203714
In the south, Ukrainian soldiers destroyed the Russian Urals and mortar with calculation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714079-na-pivdni-ukrainski-voini-znisili-rosijskij-ural-ta-minomet-z-rozrahunkom.html
Ukraine's victory will change all security architecture in Europe - Kubilus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714080-peremoga-ukraini-zminit-usu-bezpekovu-arhitekturu-u-evropi-kubilus.html
Resistance is gaining momentum: intelligence stated that the RDC and Legion "Freedom of Russia" are still in the territory of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714083-opir-nabirae-obertiv-u-rozvidci-zaavili-so-rdk-i-legion-svobodu-rosii-dosi-na-teritorii-rf.html
The US Presidential President Presidential announced his position on the war in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714084-kandidat-u-prezidenti-ssa-desantis-ozvuciv-svou-poziciu-sodo-vijni-v-ukraini.html
Anti -Corruption bodies are ready to provide transparency of reconstruction processes of Ukraine - NAPC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3714088-antikorupcijni-organi-gotovi-zabezpeciti-prozorist-procesiv-vidbudovi-ukraini-nazk.html
Moldova Prime Minister thanked the Ukrainians for the protection of Europe and the value system
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714087-premer-moldovi-podakuvav-ukraincam-za-zahist-evropi-ta-sistemi-cinnostej.html
Ukrainian tennis players received rivals on Rolan Harros
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714092-ukrainski-tenisistki-otrimali-supernic-na-rolan-garros.html
The event will support Ukraine in the long run - Nutland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714093-zahid-pidtrimuvatime-ukrainu-v-dovgostrokovij-perspektivi-nuland.html
Putin should personally stand before the tribunal in the Hague - a representative of GUR
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714095-putin-mae-osobisto-postati-pered-tribunalom-u-gaazi-predstavnik-gur.html
The Kryvbas match - Metalist was postponed because of the downpour in Kryvyi Rih
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714100-matc-krivbas-metalist-vidklali-cerez-zlivu-u-krivomu-rozi.html
NAPC has introduced Mondelez International to the List of International Sponsors of War
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714103-nazk-vneslo-mondelez-international-do-pereliku-miznarodnih-sponsoriv-vijni.html
In the Luhansk region the forces of land landed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/na-luganshhyni-syly-oborony-pryzemlyly-povitryanogo-koreguvalnyka-okupantiv/
Ukrainian pilots will be able to study Swedish GriPen Swedish fighters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714104-ukrainski-piloti-zmozut-projti-navcanna-na-svedskih-vinisuvacah-gripen.html
Noland about the future Summit of NATO: Ukraine should have powerful armed forces to restrain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714108-nuland-pro-majbutnij-samit-nato-ukraina-povinna-mati-potuzni-zbrojni-sili-dla-strimuvanna-rosii.html
At the Lviv Media Forum, the issues of survival of civilizations are discussed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714192-na-lvivskomu-mediaforumi-obgovoruut-pitanna-vizivanna-civilizacij.html
The freezing of conflict is the worst scenario for Ukraine - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714110-zamorozuvanna-konfliktu-e-najgirsim-scenariem-dla-ukraini-ekspertka.html
US refused to sell Thailand F-35 aircraft
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714114-ssa-vidmovilisa-prodavati-tailandu-litaki-f35.html
At least 14.2 thousand dwellings - Ova - should be restored at the Kherson region.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3714111-na-deokupovanij-hersonsini-treba-vidnoviti-sonajmense-142-tisaci-zitlovih-budinkiv-ova.html
The historical drama "Crazy" was presented at the Cannes Film Market
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3714112-istoricnu-dramu-bozevilni-prezentuvali-na-kannskomu-kinorinku.html
NATO Secretary General Assistant: To help Ukraine win war is our collective mission
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714107-pomicnica-genseka-nato-dopomogti-ukraini-vigrati-vijnu-ce-nasa-kolektivna-misia.html
Big Business in April declared to pay more than 8 billion VAT
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3714113-velikij-biznes-u-kvitni-zadeklaruvav-do-splati-ponad-8-milardiv-pdv.html
Armenia and Azerbaijan agreed on mutual recognition of territories
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714115-virmenia-j-azerbajdzan-domovilisa-pro-vzaemne-viznanna-teritorij.html
At the Fukushima NPP will evaluate the degree of reactor damage
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714117-na-aes-u-fukusimi-ocinat-stupin-poskodzenna-reaktora.html
Virgin Galactic will make the first in almost two years flight into space
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3714140-virgin-galactic-zdijsnit-persij-za-majze-dva-roki-polit-u-kosmos.html
Azerbaijan will give Ukrainian car carriers 3000 permits for transit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3714119-azerbajdzan-nadast-ukrainskim-avtopereviznikam-3000-dozvoliv-dla-tranzitu.html
Africa countries see unused potential in relations with Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714120-kraini-afriki-vbacaut-nevikoristanij-potencial-u-vidnosinah-z-ukrainou.html
Solsky discussed with Finnish Agriculture Minister exports of agricultural products
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3714123-solskij-obgovoriv-z-ministrom-silskogo-gospodarstva-finlandii-eksport-agroprodukcii.html
Australia Expremier Abbott: There can be no long peace without victory of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714124-ekspremer-avstralii-ebbott-ne-moze-buti-trivalogo-miru-bez-peremogi-ukraini.html
Lviv Region visited military attachés from 13 countries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714125-lvivsinu-vidvidali-vijskovi-atase-z-13-krain.html
The Junior Judo National Team will perform at the European Cup in Prague
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714126-uniorska-zbirna-ukraini-z-dzudo-vistupit-na-etapi-kubka-evropi-v-prazi.html
To Ukraine from Russia returned another deported child
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714127-do-ukraini-z-rosii-povernuli-se-odnu-deportovanu-ditinu.html
Stefanchuk about F-16 for Ukraine: the enemy will see their number
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714131-stefancuk-pro-f16-dla-ukraini-vorog-pobacit-ihnu-kilkist.html
Danilov met with the Atlantic Council delegation - what was said
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714135-danilov-zustrivsa-z-delegacieu-atlanticnoi-radi-pro-so-govorili.html
More than 30 engineering groups of the State Special Service of Transport operate in different regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/bilshe-30-inzhenerno-sapernyh-grup-derzhavnoyi-speczsluzhby-transportu-diyut-u-riznyh-oblastyah-ukrayiny/
The General Staff showed how Australian instructors in Britain train the Armed Forces fighters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714137-genstab-pokazav-ak-avstralijski-instruktori-u-britanii-trenuut-bijciv-zsu.html
In Kherson, the invaders could not suppress the Ukrainian financial system - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714138-u-hersoni-okupanti-ne-zmogli-pridusiti-ukrainsku-finansovu-sistemu-ekspert.html
Only the NATO -Fukuyama membership can restrain the war of Russia in the future
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714139-strimati-vijnu-rosii-v-majbutnomu-moze-lise-clenstvo-ukraini-v-nato-fukuama.html
In South Africa, the suspected genocide in Rwanda was detained
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714147-u-pivdennij-africi-zatrimali-pidozruvanogo-u-genocidi-v-ruandi.html
Dendrologists propose to paint invasive species of trees in geographical zones of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3714144-dendrologi-proponuut-rozpisati-invazijni-vidi-derev-po-geograficnih-zonah-ukraini.html
In Ukraine for 10 years there is a steady decrease in mortality from HIV/AIDS - UNAIDS
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3714145-v-ukraini-vze-10-rokiv-sposterigaetsa-stijke-znizenna-smertnosti-vid-vilsnid-unaids.html
Bad news for Rospropaganda: The Armed Forces showed a new video with Zaluzhny
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714156-pogani-novini-dla-rospropagandi-u-zsu-pokazali-nove-video-iz-zaluznim.html
The anti -crisis oil and gas conference began in Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3714146-u-lvovi-rozpocalasa-antikrizova-naftogazova-konferencia.html
All partners agree that Ukraine must be provided security guarantees - OP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714149-usi-partneri-pogodzuutsa-so-ukraini-maut-buti-nadani-garantii-bezpeki-op.html
Increasing the level of reading will contribute to the formation of civil society - Tkachenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3714148-pidvisenna-rivna-citanna-spriatime-formuvannu-gromadanskogo-suspilstva-tkacenko.html
Svitolina won the "sown" Russian on the way to the semi -finals of WTA tournament in France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714151-svitolina-peremogla-sianu-rosianku-na-slahu-do-pivfinalu-turniru-wta-u-francii.html
In the Russian media, dozens of Patriot have been "destroyed", but the lie will not change reality - Carpenter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714154-v-rosijskih-zmi-znisili-vze-desatki-patriot-ale-brehna-ne-zminit-realnist-karpenter.html
Klitschko presented the Kiev Art Prize
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3714157-klicko-vruciv-mistecku-premiu-kiiv.html
The Russian informant from Poltava region will spend 10 years behind bars
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714159-rosijskij-informator-z-poltavsini-provede-za-gratami-10-rokiv.html
Russia should give the Red Cross access to all Ukrainian prisoners - EU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714160-rosia-mae-nadati-cervonomu-hrestu-dostup-do-vsih-ukrainskih-vazniv-es.html
In the Kyiv Digital application, a medical service survey started
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3714161-u-zastosunku-kiiv-cifrovij-startuvalo-opituvanna-pro-nadanna-medicnih-poslug.html
Dendrologist: On the coat of arms of Kiev - inflorescence of bitter -core, which is not Ukrainian species
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3714163-dendrolog-na-gerbi-kieva-sucvitta-girkokastana-akij-ne-e-ukrainskim-vidom.html
US and Germany became the first semi-finalists of the 2023 World Cup with hockey
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714165-ssa-ta-nimeccina-stali-persimi-pivfinalistami-cs2023-z-hokeu.html
On Bukovina repaired networks that were damaged by fragments of a whipped drone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714167-na-bukovini-polagodili-merezi-aki-buli-poskodzeni-ulamkami-zbitogo-bezpilotnika.html
There is a certain deficit in the power system now - Kudrytsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3714168-v-energosistemi-zaraz-e-pevnij-deficit-kudrickij.html
Aviation Coalition and Pilot Training: Zelensky spoke with Swedish Defense Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714174-aviacijna-koalicia-ta-trenuvanna-pilotiv-zelenskij-pogovoriv-z-ministrom-oboroni-svecii.html
Community residents should be involved as much as possible in the recovery process - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3714169-meskanciv-gromad-slid-maksimalno-zalucati-do-procesu-vidnovlenna-ekspert.html
Portugal joined the aviation coalition and is ready to train Ukrainian pilots and mechanics - Dmytro Kuleba
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/portugaliya-pryyednalasya-do-aviaczijnoyi-koalicziyi-gotova-trenuvaty-ukrayinskyh-pilotiv-i-mehanikiv-dmytro-kuleba/
At the PACE Bureau, the Declaration on the results of the Council of Europe Summit in Reykjavik was approved
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714170-na-zasidanni-buro-pare-uhvalili-deklaraciu-sodo-rezultativ-samitu-radi-evropi-v-rejkaviku.html
Odessa's authorities told under what conditions the beaches will open
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714175-vlada-odesi-rozpovila-za-akih-umov-vidkriut-plazi.html
Kyiv protects the most modern air defense systems - Klitschko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3714178-kiiv-zahisaut-najsucasnisi-sistemi-ppo-klicko.html
Commanders of the Navy of Ukraine and Lithuania discussed promising areas of cooperation between fleets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714181-komanduvaci-vms-ukraini-ta-litvi-obgovorili-perspektivni-napramki-spivpraci-miz-flotami.html
Ukrainian Yastremskaya won Minnene and will play in the main part of Rolan Garros
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714183-ukrainka-astremska-peremogla-minnen-i-zigrae-v-osnovnij-castini-rolan-garros.html
Sanctions against the Russian Federation must comply with all countries - President of Cyprus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714184-sankcii-proti-rf-maut-vikonuvati-vsi-kraini-prezident-kipru.html
In Irpen, the new mural was devoted to the city defenders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714186-v-irpeni-novij-mural-prisvatili-zahisnikam-mista.html
Russia's nuclear weapons are already going to Belarus - Lukashenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714187-peremisenna-rosijskoi-adernoi-zbroi-do-bilorusi-rozpocalosa-lukasenko.html
In five directions per day, 17 combat clashes took place
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714190-na-pati-napramkah-za-dobu-vidbulisa-17-bojovih-zitknen.html
Zabuzhko wrote a book about Ukraine to order an Italian publishing house
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3714191-zabuzko-napisala-knigu-pro-ukrainu-na-zamovlenna-italijskogo-vidavnictva.html
In Ukraine, they created the world's first comic book about borscht
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3714195-v-ukraini-stvorili-persij-u-sviti-komiks-pro-bors.html
Zabuzhko: Cassandra production in European theaters is a cultural dialogue with the world
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3714198-zabuzko-postanovka-kassandri-v-evropejskih-teatrah-ce-kulturnij-dialog-zi-svitom.html
Russia is spreading fakes about the depleted uranium - Canadian intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714207-rosia-posirue-fejki-pro-zbidnenij-uran-kanadska-rozvidka.html
Yatsenyuk about the future NATO summit: It's time to make clear decisions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714200-acenuk-pro-majbutnij-samit-nato-nastav-cas-uhvaluvati-citki-risenna.html
The enemy focused on the main effort in five directions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/vorog-zoseredyv-osnovni-zusyllya-na-pyaty-napryamkah-u-doneczkyj-ta-luganskyj-oblastyah/
Ramstin's participants agreed to find more air defense for Ukraine - Austin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714203-ucasniki-ramstajnu-domovilisa-znajti-bilse-ppo-dla-ukraini-ostin.html
The Ukrainian Book needs support - President of the Publishers Association
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3714206-ukrainska-kniga-potrebue-pidtrimki-prezident-asociacii-vidavciv.html
Krasuk: We won promotional bidding on the battle of Usik-Duba
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714204-krasuk-mi-vigrali-promouterski-torgi-sodo-bou-usikdubua.html
Under Melitopol the National Guards knocked down two Russian Su-25
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714208-pid-melitopolem-nacgvardijci-zbili-dva-rosijski-su25.html
Pentagon head called the countries that will take part in the training of Ukrainians on the F-16
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714211-glava-pentagonu-nazvav-kraini-aki-zabezpecuvatimut-trenuvanna-ukrainciv-na-f16.html
Ramstein: The United States is asking Ukraine not to use their weapons provided in the territory of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714216-ramstajn-ssa-prosat-ukrainu-ne-vikoristovuvati-nadanu-nimi-zbrou-na-teritorii-rosii.html
The Britain's residence gates were carved by a car
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714215-u-bramu-rezidencii-premera-britanii-vihala-avtivka.html
US General denied the decision to transfer to Ukraine the F-16 was approved under pressure
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714217-litaki-f16-ne-e-akous-divoviznou-zbroeu-u-vijni-milli.html
Bilodid won the Bronze Grand Prix in Austria
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714214-bilodid-vigrala-bronzu-granpri-v-avstrii.html
The EU may restrict Ukraine's agrarian import to neighbors after continuing "economic visa waiver"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3714220-es-moze-obmeziti-agrarnij-import-ukraini-do-susidiv-pisla-prodovzenna-ekonomicnogo-bezvizu.html
Austin: Leopard consortium has made progress in creating a tank service center for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714221-konsorcium-leopard-dosag-progresu-u-stvorenni-centru-obslugovuvanna-tankiv-dla-ukraini-ostin.html
Millie is sure that Russia does not win this war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714223-milli-vpevnenij-so-rosia-ne-vigrae-cu-vijnu.html
The Russians destroyed the Dam of the Karlovsky Reservoir
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714227-rosiani-zrujnuvali-greblu-karlivskogo-vodoshovisa.html
Natural object "Guy birds" declared a zoological monument of nature of local importance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3714225-prirodnij-obekt-gaj-hizih-ptahiv-ogolosili-zoologicnou-pamatkou-prirodi-miscevogo-znacenna.html
Defense forces per day destroyed 4 enemy UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/syly-oborony-za-dobu-znyshhyly-4-vorozhi-bpla/
Denmark and the Netherlands will lead a coalition to prepare Ukrainian pilots on F -16 - Austin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714228-dania-j-niderlandi-ocolat-koaliciu-z-pidgotovki-ukrainskih-pilotiv-na-f16-ostin.html
The Britain's Parliament recognized the Holodomor with the genocide of the Ukrainian people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714229-parlament-britanii-viznav-golodomor-genocidom-ukrainskogo-narodu.html
Zelensky: The more Russian prisoners we will take, the more we will return our people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714231-zelenskij-so-bilse-rosijskih-polonenih-vizmemo-to-bilse-povernemo-nasih-ludej.html
Russians fired from heavy artillery Nikopol - damaged houses, transmission lines and gas pipelines
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714236-rosiani-obstrilali-z-vazkoi-artilerii-nikopol-poskodzeni-budinki-lep-i-gazoprovodi.html
Falcon signed the former Donbass captain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714237-sokil-pidpisav-kolisnogo-kapitana-donbasu.html
Lithuania announced a new package of military assistance to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714238-litva-anonsuvala-novij-paket-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
Zelensky thanked the National Guards who knocked down two Russian Su-25 under Melitopol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714243-zelenskij-podakuvav-nacgvardijcam-aki-zbili-dva-rosijski-su25-pid-melitopolem.html
It is planned to create an international fund - Pentagon to provide Ukraine with aircraft
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714242-dla-zabezpecenna-ukraini-litakami-f16-planuetsa-stvoriti-miznarodnij-fond-pentagon.html
NATO membership is needed as soon as possible - Rebecca Garms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714240-clenstvo-v-nato-ukraini-potribne-aknajsvidse-rebekka-garms.html
Lost his hand because of the shelling of the Russians: a teenager from Kherson region received a bionic prosthesis
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714241-vtrativ-ruku-cerez-obstril-rosian-pidlitok-z-hersonsini-otrimav-bionicnij-protez.html
France considers the launch of a ballistic missile by Iran alarm signal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714205-francia-vvazae-zapusk-balisticnoi-raketi-iranom-trivoznim-signalom.html
Zelensky - About Agro Export: We will be able to find solutions for farmers in Ukraine and neighboring countries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3714245-zelenskij-pro-agroeksport-zmozemo-znajti-risenna-dla-fermeriv-v-ukraini-ta-krainahsusidkah.html
Russian invaders promise land on tot
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/yak-vynagorodu-rosijskym-vijskovym-obiczyayut-zemelni-dilyanky-na-tot/
Zelensky appealed to the Hopkins University of American University
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714247-zelenskij-zvernuvsa-do-spilnoti-amerikanskogo-universitetu-imeni-dzona-gopkinsa.html
Svitolina: Has a wonderful match but it is not the peak of my opportunities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714248-svitolina-provela-cudovij-matc-ale-ce-ne-pik-moih-mozlivostej.html
Action Philosophy: Fedorov told in the European Parliament about the Ukrainian experience of Dyjitization
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3714250-filosofia-dii-fedorov-rozpoviv-u-evroparlamenti-pro-ukrainskij-dosvid-didzitalizacii.html
The US has imposed sanctions against Wagner's head in Mali
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714251-ssa-vveli-sankcii-proti-kerivnika-vagnera-v-mali.html
The reconstruction program should provide for the continuation of key reforms - Klitschko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3714254-programa-vidbudovi-ukraini-mae-vklucati-prodovzenna-klucovih-reform-klicko.html
In Poltava region opened a restored sports and rehabilitation complex
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3714255-na-poltavsini-vidkrili-vidnovlenij-sportivnoreabilitacijnij-kompleks.html
The Russians fired at seven communities of Sumy region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714256-rosiani-za-den-obstrilali-sim-gromad-prikordonna-sumsini.html
Ukraine should adhere to China's Protective Policy - Klimkin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714261-ukraina-mae-dotrimuvatisa-zahisnoi-politiki-sodo-kitau-klimkin.html
Crawford and Spence have agreed to fight for the title of absolute world champion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714260-krouford-ta-spens-domovilisa-pro-bij-za-zvanna-absolutnogo-cempiona-svitu.html
South Korea decided to dramatically increase production of K2 tanks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3713964-pivdenna-korea-virisila-rizko-zbilsiti-virobnictvo-tankiv-k2.html
The invaders export secret military documentation from the Crimea to the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/okupanty-vyvozyat-z-krymu-do-rf-tayemnu-vijskovu-dokumentacziyu/
In Avdiivka under the destroyed houses there are two bodies that cannot be obtained
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714259-v-avdiivci-pid-zrujnovanimi-budinkami-zalisautsa-dva-tila-aki-nemozlivo-distati.html
The semi -final pairs of the hockey ot
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714264-viznacilis-pivfinalni-pari-cs-z-hokeu.html
Biden has determined the replacement of US General Staff Millie
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714266-bajden-viznacivsa-iz-zaminou-golovi-genstabu-ssa-milli.html
President awarded 320 military, 121 of them - posthumously
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714268-prezident-nagorodiv-320-vijskovih-121-z-nih-posmertno.html
On the United24 platform will sell the Ukrainian flag from the top of Everest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3714262-na-platformi-united24-prodadut-ukrainskij-prapor-z-versini-everestu.html
The International Book Fair opened in Warsaw, Ukraine is an honorary guest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3714265-u-varsavi-vidkrivsa-miznarodnij-knizkovij-armarok-ukraina-pocesnij-gist.html
Enemy loss per day: 500 occupiers were eliminated, 20 artisystems and 3 tanks were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-500-okupantiv-znyshheno-20-artsystem-i-3-tanky/
The air defense forces destroyed 36 of 36 shahd
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/syly-ppo-znyshhyly-36-iz-36-shahed/
Canada handed Ukraine to mine for mine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/kanada-peredala-ukrayini-kostyumy-dlya-rozminuvannya/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-3/
The Head of State thanked the Air Forces for a 100 % result
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/glava-derzhavy-podyakuvav-sylam-ppo-za-100-j-rezultat-vidbyttya-nichnoyi-vorozhoyi-ataky/
Iceland has acquired for the Armed Forces of gas station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/islandiya-prydbala-dlya-zsu-benzovozy/
Coordination Staff: Sentences in Russian Courts Prisoners are not an obstacle for exchange
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-vyroky-u-sudah-rf-polonenym-ukrayinczyam-ne-ye-pereponoyu-dlya-obminu/
During the day, rescuers went to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling almost 200 times
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-majzhe-200-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-7/
Briefing of representative of the National University of Defense of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/bryfing-predstavnyka-naczionalnogo-universytetu-oborony-ukrayiny/
The United States has made a decision on the sale of Ukraine anti-aircraft missile system NASAMS
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/ssha-uhvalyly-rishennya-shhodo-prodazhu-ukrayini-zenitno-raketnogo-kompleksu-nasams/
Briefing on the participation of the National Guard in the Removal of Armed Aggression of the Russian Federation against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/bryfing-pro-uchast-naczgvardiyi-u-vidsichi-zbrojnoyi-agresiyi-rf-proty-ukrayiny/
During the day of the Pyrotechnics of the SES, 27 aircraft bombs were neutralized
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-27-aviaczijnyh-bomb/
The FSB saboteur who was preparing underwent a railway track near Avdiivka was detained
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/zatrymano-dyversanta-fsb-yakyj-gotuvav-pidryv-zaliznychnoyi-koliyi-pid-avdiyivkoyu/
Briefing on the transformation of the military education system
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/bryfing-shhodo-transformacziyi-systemy-vijskovoyi-osvity/
More than 60 infrastructure objects have been affected by enemy shelling over the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/ponad-60-obyektiv-infrastruktury-urazheno-vnaslidok-vorozhyh-obstriliv-za-mynulu-dobu/
Military education in Ukraine is provided by a network of military universities - 2 universities, 4 academies and 6 institutes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/vijskovu-osvitu-v-ukrayini-zabezpechuye-merezha-vijskovyh-vyshiv-2-universytety-4-akademiyi-ta-6-instytutiv/
Military Education Reform in Ukraine involves harmonization with NATO's educational programs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/reforma-vijskovoyi-osvity-v-ukrayini-peredbachaye-garmonizacziyu-z-osvitnimy-programamy-nato/
Increased preparation period of interns for the needs of defense forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/zbilsheno-termin-pidgotovky-likariv-interniv-dlya-potreb-syl-oborony/
Nearly a thousand representatives of the Armed Forces took part in the NATO's Military Education Program last year
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/majzhe-tysyachu-predstavnykiv-zsu-vzyaly-uchast-u-programi-nato-z-udoskonalennya-vijskovoyi-osvity-u-mynulomu-roczi/
The system of patronage of NATO member states over military universities is being introduced
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/vprovadzhuyetsya-systema-patronazhu-derzhav-chleniv-nato-nad-vijskovymy-vyshamy/
The Defense Ministry has approved a road card to improve the language training of servicemen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/u-minoborony-zatverdzheno-dorozhnyu-kartu-dlya-udoskonalennya-movnoyi-pidgotovky-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
Terms of entry into military education institutions in 2023
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/terminy-vstupu-do-vijskovyh-zakladiv-osvity-u-2023-roczi/
Guards warriors destroyed 320 invaders, four tanks, artsystem and two ammunition depots
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/voyiny-gvardijczi-znyshhyly-320-okupantiv-chotyry-tanky-artsystemu-ta-dva-sklady-z-boyeprypasamy/
Development of security and defense sector involves the active use of space information technologies
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/rozvytok-sektoru-bezpeky-ta-oborony-peredbachaye-aktyvne-zastosuvannya-kosmichnyh-informaczijnyh-tehnologij/
Introductory campaign for obtaining a professional higher and higher education: Features of the organization in 2023
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/vstupna-kampaniya-dlya-zdobuttya-fahovoyi-peredvyshhoyi-ta-vyshhoyi-osvity-osoblyvosti-organizacziyi-u-2023-roczi/
The National Guard detained two persons on suspicion of treason and diversions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/naczgvardiya-zatrymala-dvoh-osib-za-pidozroyu-v-derzhavnij-zradi-ta-skoyenni-dyversij/
The National Guard trains to act in forest and urbanized areas - Mykola Urshalovich
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/naczgvardiya-trenuyetsya-diyaty-v-lisovij-ta-urbanizovanij-misczevostyah-mykola-urshalovych/
For a week of NSU sappers destroyed more than 300 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/za-tyzhden-sapery-ngu-znyshhyly-ponad-300-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
Anna Malyar: Wagnerivtsi remain in Bakhmut, in the suburbs - regular troops of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/ganna-malyar-vagnerivczi-zalyshayutsya-v-bahmuti-u-peredmisti-regulyarni-vijska-rf/
The educational process of military universities adapts according to the experience of warfare
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/osvitnij-proczes-vijskovyh-vyshiv-adaptuyetsya-vidpovidno-do-dosvidu-vedennya-vijny/
Military Pilot and Cyberfahivtsi are the most popular military specialties last year
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/vijskovyj-pilot-ta-kiberfahivecz-najpopulyarnishi-vijskovi-speczialnosti-mynulogo-roku/
Russia brought out all the rocket launchers from the Black Sea - the Navy of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/rosiya-vyvela-usi-raketonosiyi-z-chornogo-morya-vms-zsu/
It was reported suspicion to the employee of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra, who denied the existence of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-praczivnyku-kyyevo-pecherskoyi-lavry-yakyj-zaperechuvav-isnuvannya-ukrayiny/
British helicopter Sea King is already on the way to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/brytanskyj-gelikopter-sea-king-vzhe-na-shlyahu-do-ukrayiny/
A reliable connection connects Ukrainians, gives our soldiers and Ukraine to be effective in defense - President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/nadijnyj-zvyazok-zyednuye-ukrayincziv-daye-nashym-voyinam-i-ukrayini-zmogu-buty-efektyvnymy-v-oboroni-prezydent/
Will judge the occupiers who robbed civilian apartments during Irpen's occupation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/sudytymut-okupantiv-yaki-grabuvaly-kvartyry-czyvilnyh-pid-chas-okupacziyi-irpenya/
Ukraine returned 106 soldiers from the Russian captivity from the Bakhmut direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/ukrayina-povernula-z-rosijskogo-polonu-106-vijskovyh-z-bahmutskogo-napryamku/
The President of Ukraine awarded the title
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/prezydent-ukrayiny-prysvoyiv-zvannya-brygadnogo-generala-polkovnyku-zsu-oleksiyu-androsovu/
Air Force Commander Air Force awarded the soldiers who defend the sky on the Patriot SCR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/komanduvach-povitryanyh-syl-zsu-nagorodyv-voyiniv-yaki-boronyat-nebo-na-zrk-patriot/
The 15th Annual Security Forum continues in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/u-kyyevi-tryvaye-15-j-shhorichnyj-bezpekovyj-forum/
There is no enemy rocket launcher in the Black Sea now - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/narazi-vorozhyh-raketonosiyiv-u-chornomu-mori-nemaye-nataliya-gumenyuk/
In Moldova, international air defense training "Air Bastion - 2023" began
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/u-moldovi-pochalysya-mizhnarodni-navchannya-protypovitryanoyi-oborony-povitryanyj-bastion-2023/
If we are fighting with medieval barbarism, we need a technological advantage - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/yakshho-my-voyuyemo-iz-serednovichnym-varvarstvom-nam-potribna-tehnologichna-perevaga-ganna-malyar/
"For Courage and Courage": President of Ukraine noted six units of the Armed Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/za-muzhnist-ta-vidvagu-prezydent-ukrayiny-vidznachyv-shist-pidrozdiliv-zbrojnyh-syl-ukrayiny/
Deputy Minister of Defense Anna Malyar took part in the International Conference on Defense and Safety
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/malyar-vzyala-uchast-u-mizhnarodnij-konferencziyi-z-pytan-oborony-ta-bezpeky/
The land of the Ministry of Defense returned a land in Boryspil worth 97.8 million hryvnias
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/do-upravlinnya-minoborony-povernuta-zemelna-dilyanka-u-boryspoli-vartistyu-978-mln-gryven/
We need to learn to protect ourselves first of all - Anna Painter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/my-povynni-navchytysya-zahyshhaty-nasampered-sami-sebe-ganna-malyar/
Finland has sent a new package of military assistance to Ukraine worth € 109 million
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/finlyandiya-napravyla-ukrayini-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-na-sumu-109-mln-yevro/
TCC and JV at the beginning of the war were able to mobilize citizens who rejected the enemy from Kiev and other cities in the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/tczk-ta-sp-na-pochatku-vijny-zmogly-mobilizuvaty-gromadyan-yaki-u-skladi-zsu-vidkynuly-voroga-vid-kyyeva-ta-inshyh-mist/
The President of Ukraine noted the defenders and defenders of state awards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/prezydent-ukrayiny-vidznachyv-zahysnykiv-ta-zahysnycz-derzhavnymy-nagorodamy/
We helped Ukraine protect the sky and not stop doing it - Lloyd Austin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/llojd-ostin-vidkryv-ramshtajn-12-i-nazvav-golovnu-temu-zustrichi/
Lloyd Austin thanked Denmark for continuous support for Ukraine's security needs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/llojd-ostin-podyakuvav-daniyi-za-postijnu-pidtrymku-bezpekovyh-potreb-ukrayiny/
The President of Ukraine met with Swedish Defense Minister
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/prezydent-ukrayiny-proviv-zustrich-iz-ministrom-oborony-shvecziyi/
“The United Europe will never be free without winning free Ukraine”
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/obyednana-yevropa-nikoly-ne-bude-vilnoyu-bez-peremogy-vilnoyi-ukrayiny/
In Bucharest Putin called Ukraine false, now he sees that she is more than real
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/u-buharesti-putin-nazyvav-ukrayinu-nespravzhnoyu-nyni-vin-bachyt-shho-vona-bilsh-nizh-realna/
Australian instructors continue to train Ukrainian recruits in the framework of the Interflex Training Operation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/avstralijski-instruktory-prodovzhuyut-trenuvaty-ukrayinskyh-novobrancziv-u-ramkah-navchalnoyi-operacziyi-interfleks/
Ukraine's victory is the most important factor for the return of peace in Europe - Andrews Kubilus
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/peremoga-ukrayiny-ye-najvazhlyvishym-faktorom-dlya-povernennya-myru-v-yevropi-andryus-kubilyus/
Aviation of Defense Forces has struck 4 beats by the occupants' concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-4-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv/
We will continue to defend Ukraine's sovereign right to live in freedom - Lloyd Austin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/my-j-nadali-budemo-vidstoyuvaty-suverenne-pravo-ukrayiny-zhyty-u-svobodi-llojd-ostin/
17 of the combatants took place in Kupyansk, Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/17-bojovyh-zitknen-vidbulosya-na-kupyanskomu-lymanskomu-bahmutskomu-avdiyivskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah/
It is necessary to help Ukraine win the war - Baiba Brazhe
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/neobhidno-dopomogty-ukrayini-vygraty-vijnu-bajba-brazhe/
The invaders militarized Jarilgach Island and placed 300 military Russian military on it
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/okupanty-militaryzuvaly-ostriv-dzharylgach-ta-rozmistyly-na-nomu-300-vijskovyh-rf/
Starting Ukrainian pilots is an example of our devotion to long -term security of Ukraine - Lloyd Austin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/pochatok-navchannya-ukrayinskyh-pilotiv-ye-prykladom-nashoyi-viddanosti-dovgostrokovij-bezpeczi-ukrayini-llojd-ostin/
There will be no long peace in the world without the victory of Ukraine in this genocide war of the Russian Federation - Anthony Abbott
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/u-sviti-ne-bude-tryvalogo-myru-bez-peremogy-ukrayiny-v-czij-genoczydnij-vijni-rf-entoni-ebbott/
Ukraine activates its foreign policy aimed at the Ukrainian-African Renaissance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/ukrayina-aktyvizuye-svoyu-zovnishnyu-polityku-spryamovanu-na-ukrayinsko-afrykanskyj-renesans/
Commander of the Navy of the Armed Forces of Ukraine met with the commander of the Navy of the Lithuanian Republic
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/komanduvach-vms-zs-ukrayiny-zustrivsya-z-komanduvachem-vijskovo-morskyh-syl-lytovskoyi-respubliky/
Lithuania has announced its next support package to Ukraine at Ramstein's meeting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/lytva-ogolosyla-pro-svij-nastupnyj-paket-pidtrymky-ukrayini-na-zustrichi-u-formati-ramshtajn/
The more Russian prisoners we will take, the more we will return our people - the President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/golovne-zi-zvernennya-prezydenta-ukrayiny-volodymyra-zelenskogo-naprykinczi-456-go-dnya-vijny/
Spiritual reintegration is an important component of recovery of liberated territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/duhovna-reintegracziya-vazhlyva-skladova-vidnovlennya-zvilnenyh-terytorij/
This war in military plan Russia does not win - Mark Millie
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/czyu-vijnu-u-vijskovomu-plani-rosiya-ne-vygraye-mark-milli/
Three thousand Ukrainian athletes are fighting in the Armed Forces, and Russian - prepare for the Olympic Games
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/try-tysyachi-ukrayinskyh-sportsmeniv-voyuyut-u-lavah-zsu-a-predstavnyky-rf-gotuyutsya-do-olimpijskyh-igor/
Alexei Reznikov thanked Sweden Parliament for their contribution to the tank coalition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/oleksij-reznikov-podyakuvav-parlamentu-shvecziyi-za-yihnij-vnesok-u-tankovu-koalicziyu/
I am grateful to partners for their willingness to support Ukraine as much as needed - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/ya-vdyachnyj-partneram-za-yihnyu-gotovnist-pidtrymuvaty-ukrayinu-stilky-skilky-potribno-oleksij-reznikov/
Ukraine will open an embassy in Rwanda - Dmytro Kuleba
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/ukrayina-vidkryye-posolstvo-v-ruandi-dmytro-kuleba/
The Britain's Parliament recognized the Holodomor with the genocide of the Ukrainian people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/parlament-brytaniyi-vyznav-golodomor-genoczydom-ukrayinskogo-narodu/
Short. War. Day 456. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/korotko-vijna-den-456-videodajdzhest/
In Ukraine, short -term rains and thunderstorms, in the daytime warm up to +26 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714180-v-ukraini-zavtra-korotkocasni-dosi-ta-grozi-vden-progrie-do-26.html
The EU hopes China encourages Russia to withdraw all troops from Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714276-es-spodivaetsa-so-kitaj-sponukae-rosiu-do-vivedenna-vsih-vijsk-z-ukraini.html
In Ukraine, short -term rains and thunderstorms, in the daytime warm up to +26 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714180-v-ukraini-zavtra-korotkocasni-dosi-ta-grozi-vden-progrie-do-26.html
Spain is preparing to transfer to Ukraine four more tanks Leopard 2
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714275-ispania-gotuetsa-peredati-ukraini-se-cotiri-tanki-leopard-2.html
The White House expects Congress to continue two -party support of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714274-bilij-dim-ocikue-vid-kongresu-prodovzenna-dvopartijnoi-pidtrimki-ukraini.html
APL: "Chelsea" defeated "Mu"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714273-apl-celsi-rozgromno-postupilos-mu.html
APL: "Chelsea" defeated "Mu"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714273-apl-celsi-rozgromno-postupilos-mu.html
The White House expects Congress to continue two -party support of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714274-bilij-dim-ocikue-vid-kongresu-prodovzenna-dvopartijnoi-pidtrimki-ukraini.html
Spain is preparing to transfer to Ukraine four more tanks Leopard 2
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714275-ispania-gotuetsa-peredati-ukraini-se-cotiri-tanki-leopard-2.html
In Ukraine, short -term rains and thunderstorms, in the daytime warm up to +26 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714180-v-ukraini-zavtra-korotkocasni-dosi-ta-grozi-vden-progrie-do-26.html
The EU hopes China encourages Russia to withdraw all troops from Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714276-es-spodivaetsa-so-kitaj-sponukae-rosiu-do-vivedenna-vsih-vijsk-z-ukraini.html

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====