乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-31

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

Russian forces attempting to conduct offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukraine...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4946
Donetsk Oblast(21:42). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46913
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(04:20). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46916
Explosion and fire at Afipsky refinery of Krasnodar Krai after suspected drone strike
https://t.me/breakingmash/44525
Russia has announced the search commander of the Armed Forces and the Commander of the Land Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/30/rosiya-ogolosyla-u-rozshuk-golovnokomanduvacha-ta-komanduvacha-suhoputnyh-vijsk-zsu/
Yulia Sviridenko: The Government's priority is a demining of 165 thousand hectares of agricultural land by the end of 2023
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/30/yuliya-svyrydenko-u-prioryteti-uryadu-rozminuvannya-165-tysyach-gektariv-silskogospodarskyh-zemel-do-kinczya-2023-roku/
Ukrainians have purchased in "actions" of bonds for over one billion hryvnias
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/30/ukrayinczi-prydbaly-v-diyi-obligaczij-na-ponad-milyard-gryven/
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Kamyanka, Novomolinsk, Dvorichny, West, Kislivka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4948
US focused on the implementation of the Ukrainian peace formula - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3716751-ssa-zoseredzeni-na-realizacii-ukrainskoi-formuli-miru-bilij-dim.html
The creation of a special joint will help to investigate the crimes of deportation of Ukrainian children - Kornienko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3716628-stvorenna-spectribunalu-dopomoze-rozsliduvati-zlocini-deportacii-ukrainskih-ditej-kornienko.html
Zelensky thanked the United States for a new military assistance package
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716750-zelenskij-podakuvav-spolucenim-statam-za-novij-paket-vijskovoi-dopomogi.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Spirne of D...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4949
The President of Croatia called the slogan "Glory to Ukraine" chauvinist, in OP responded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3716749-prezident-horvatii-nazvav-gaslo-slava-ukraini-sovinistskim-v-op-vidreaguvali.html
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Bogdanivka, Chrome, Ivanovo ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4950
More than 1.5 million tons of agricultural products are accumulated in the blocked Russian port "Southern" - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3716747-u-zablokovanomu-rf-portu-pivdennij-nakopiceni-pivtora-miljona-tonn-agroprodukcii-zelenskij.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Avdiivka, Orlovka, Pervomaisky, Netilee of Don ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4951
US seeking to avoid the Third World War - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3716744-ssa-pragnut-uniknuti-tretoi-svitovoi-vijni-bilij-dim.html
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Heorhiyivka and Pobyeda of Donetsk region. Russian...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4952
President: The world knows what fundamental role our exports play for food security
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3716743-prezident-svit-znae-aku-fundamentalnu-rol-nas-eksport-grae-dla-prodovolcoi-bezpeki.html
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Kalledar, Novoukrainka, Wondering, Golden H ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4953
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Zelene Pole, Novopil, Temyrivka o...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4954
Determined the first pair of 1/4 finals of youth World Cup 2023 on football
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3716742-viznacilasa-persa-para-14-finalu-molodiznogo-cs2023-z-futbolu.html
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4955
The Ministry of Energy says raising tariffs - a forced step to pass the winter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3716741-u-minenergetiki-kazut-so-pidvisenna-tarifiv-vimusenij-krok-dla-prohodzenna-zimi.html
In the center of Sevastopol, explosions were heard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3716738-u-centri-sevastopola-prolunali-vibuhi.html
The Czech Senate has approved a resolution to support Ukraine as soon as possible in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3716739-senat-cehii-uhvaliv-rezoluciu-pro-pidtrimku-aknajsvidsogo-vstupu-ukraini-v-nato.html
National Commission cancels the price restrictions on the electricity market since June 30
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3716737-nackomisia-skasovue-z-30-cervna-cinovi-obmezenna-na-rinku-elektroenergii.html
Ukraine confidently beat Croatia in the Golden European Volleyball
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3716733-ukraina-vpevneno-obigrala-horvatiu-u-zolotij-evrolizi-z-volejbolu.html
During the day the Russians fired 10 times the border of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716731-protagom-dna-rosiani-10-raziv-obstrili-prikordonni-gromadi-sumsini.html
Pentagon revealed the content of a new defense pack for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716730-pentagon-rozkriv-vmist-novogo-oboronnogo-paketa-dla-ukraini.html
US do not have data who stands behind the drones of the Drones in Moscow - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716729-ssa-ne-maut-danih-hto-stoit-za-atakou-droniv-po-moskvi-bilij-dim.html
Stefanchuk will participate in the NATO Parliament's Heads Summit in Lithuania
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3716728-stefancuk-vizme-ucast-u-samiti-glav-parlamentiv-krain-nato-u-litvi.html
President of the European Commission has announced a Moldova Support Package of Five Initiatives
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3716727-prezidentka-evrokomisii-ogolosila-paket-pidtrimki-moldovi-z-pati-iniciativ.html
Germany has declared the right of Ukraine to strike in the territory of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716725-nimeccina-zaavila-pro-pravo-ukraini-zavdavati-udariv-po-teritorii-rf.html
Ukrainians will miss a series of Grand Prix from judo in Dushanbe because of the involvement of Russians and Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3716724-ukrainci-propustat-seriu-granpri-z-dzudo-v-dusanbe-cerez-ucast-rosian-ta-bilorusiv.html
Zaluzhni and Millie discussed the supply to Ukraine with long -range shells
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716721-zaluznij-i-milli-obgovorili-postacanna-ukraini-dalekobijnih-snaradiv.html
In the Bakhmut direction of the Armed Forces a day destroyed 78 invaders - a creep
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716720-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-zsu-za-dobu-znisili-78-zagarbnikiv-cerevatij.html
The Polish Government will order additional artsnamers for the army
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3716552-urad-polsi-zamovit-dodatkovi-artsnaradi-dla-armii.html
In Bakhmut during a full -scale war, 204 civilians were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716719-u-bahmuti-za-cas-povnomasstabnoi-vijni-zaginuli-204-civilnih.html
Russia will not decide whether to join Ukraine in NATO - the Foreign Ministry of Norway
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3716716-rosia-ne-bude-virisuvati-ci-vstupati-ukraini-v-nato-mzs-norvegii.html
The court reduced the pledge of prince to 75 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3716715-sud-zmensiv-zastavu-knazevu-do-75-miljoniv.html
The White House has officially announced a new military assistance package to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716714-bilij-dim-oficijno-anonsuvav-novij-paket-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
4 person wounded as result of shelling in Schebekyne town of Belgorod region
https://t.me/breakingmash/44528
1 person wounded as result of Russian attack at enterprise in Mezhyrich community of Pavlohra...
https://t.me/dneproperatyv/64203
Reportedly tank shelled Pogar border crossing in Briansk region
https://t.me/bbbreaking/156735
5 killed, 19 wounded as result of missile strike in Karpaty of Luhansk region, according to O...
https://t.me/bbbreaking/156747
Drone dropped an explosive device at substation in Gordeevka village of Kursk region
https://t.me/shot_shot/52243
Drone crashed at Ilskiy refinery in Krasnodar Krai
https://t.me/bbbreaking/156748
Donetsk Oblast(08:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46919
Up to 10 drones were shot down or suppressed by electronic warfare means in Klimovo district ...
https://t.me/bbbreaking/156750
Donetsk Oblast(09:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46921
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(09:59). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/25362
JSC Sivershchyna And Slobozhanshchina Directions Rusyan Army Shelled Khinivka, Karpovichi, I ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4947
President of the European Commission: European countries will continue to train Ukrainian for...
https://twitter.com/SkyNewsArabia_B/status/1663823304958914560
European Commission President: We support the Ukrainian President's plan to achieve peace in ...
https://twitter.com/SkyNewsArabia_B/status/1663823745683685377
Donetsk Oblast(13:59). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46925
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(14:42). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/25371
1 person killed, another wounded as result of shelling in Vovchansk of Kharkiv region
https://twitter.com/nakipeloua/status/1663896765588811778
French President Macron says Putin 'jolted' NATO awake by invading Ukraine
https://twitter.com/AFP/status/1663886439602323456
Explosions reported in Kherson
https://t.me/suspilnekherson/26929
Missile launches reported in Belgorod region
https://t.me/huyovy_kharkiv/111389
Zaporizka Oblast(20:19). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46929
The Polish Ombudsman handed Lubin's medal as a defender of dignity of children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3716516-polskij-ombudsmen-vruciv-lubincu-medal-ak-zahisniku-gidnosti-ditej.html
Nadiya Kichenok gave way to the start of the steam net "Rolan Harros"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3716532-nadia-kicenok-postupilasa-na-starti-parnoi-sitki-rolan-garros.html
In Germany, they conducted a large -scale special operation against the network, which was funded by IDIL "
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3716533-u-nimeccini-proveli-masstabnu-specoperaciu-proti-merezi-aku-finansuvav-idil.html
Russia prepares provocations before elections in Poland - Kaczynski
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3716534-rosia-gotue-provokacii-pered-viborami-u-polsi-kacinskij.html
Sandu plans to run for president again again
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3716535-sandu-planue-znovu-balotuvatis-u-prezidenti.html
Ukraine condemned the DPRK's attempt to launch a military satellite
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3716538-ukraina-zasudila-sprobu-kndr-zapustiti-vijskovij-suputnik.html
Humanitarian situation in the deocwoman Kherson region more than satisfactory - Sobolevsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3716540-gumanitarna-situacia-na-deokupovanij-hersonsini-bils-niz-zadovilna-sobolevskij.html
Russia commits crimes against Ukrainian children, which are signs of genocide - Gerasimchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3716541-rosia-vcinae-proti-ukrainskih-ditej-zlocini-so-e-oznakami-genocidu-gerasimcuk.html
In Afghanistan, Prime Minister Qatar and Talibana leader - Reuters were held in Afghanistan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3716542-v-afganistani-projsli-taemni-peregovori-premera-kataru-i-lidera-talibanu-reuters.html
Havana Bridge will open today until the evening - Klitschko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3716544-gavanskij-mist-vidkriut-sogodni-do-vecora-klicko.html
The German government demands to close four Russian consulates in Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3716549-urad-frn-vimagae-zakriti-cotiri-rosijski-konsulstva-v-nimeccini.html
The new president of Edgar Rinkevich was elected in Latvia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3716551-u-latvii-obrali-novim-prezidentom-edgarsa-rinkevicsa.html
US announced a new $300 million security package for Ukraine. It includes munitions for Patri...
https://twitter.com/OstapYarysh/status/1663969147800240130
Fire after shelling in Schebekyne district
https://t.me/zhest_belgorod/27497
Vitaliy Sachko lost on the way to the quarterfinals of the ATP tournament in Italy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3716550-vitalij-sacko-prograv-na-slahu-do-cvertfinalu-turniru-atp-v-italii.html
Donetsk Oblast(21:03). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46932
Lubinets stated that to return deported children to Ukraine helps the mediator
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3716553-lubinec-zaaviv-so-povertati-deportovanih-ditej-ukraini-dopomagae-poserednik.html
In Kherson region, because of hostile shelling, a child and a man were wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3716554-na-hersonsini-cerez-vorozij-obstril-poraneni-ditina-ta-colovik.html
The Russian Federation holds over 27,000 civilian hostages in its territory
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3716557-rf-utrimue-na-svoij-teritorii-ponad-27-tisac-civilnih-zarucnikiv.html
SBU reported suspicion to four bloggers who posted a video with air defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3716561-sbu-povidomila-pro-pidozru-cotirom-blogerkam-aki-viklali-video-z-robotou-ppo.html
Attacks on Kiev and region: The fragments of enemy rockets and drones have damaged 237 objects
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3716567-ataki-na-kiiv-ta-oblast-ulamki-vorozih-raket-i-droniv-poskodili-237-obektiv.html
In the Netherlands, a shop of Ukrainian furniture and decor opened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3716555-u-niderlandah-vidkrivsa-magazin-ukrainskih-mebliv-i-dekoru.html
Belarusians on the border turned on the audio of "common borscht": the SPSU stated that they would not be eaten
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3716571-bilorusi-na-kordoni-uvimknuli-audiozvernenna-pro-spilnij-bors-u-dpsu-zaavili-so-ne-istimut-si.html
Stoltenberg urged the DPRK to stop provocations with rocket launches
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3716573-stoltenberg-zaklikav-kndr-pripiniti-provokacii-iz-zapuskami-raket.html
Zelensky appointed Kiper by the head of the Odessa Regional State Administration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3716579-zelenskij-priznaciv-kipera-golovou-odeskoi-oda.html
In Kiev by the end of autumn will not run trams 
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3716578-u-kievi-do-kinca-oseni-ne-kursuvatimut-tramvai-14-i-15.html
The military destroyed the Russian Reb, which revealed Ukrainian drones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716583-vijskovi-znisili-rosijskij-reb-akij-viavlav-ukrainski-droni.html
The Italian coach of Ancholotti will remain in Reality for the next season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3716582-italijskij-trener-ancelotti-zalisitsa-v-reali-na-nastupnij-sezon.html
Lubinets: We have confirmation of Belarus's participation in moving through its territory of prisoners of war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716558-lubinec-maemo-pidtverdzenna-ucasti-bilorusi-u-peremisenni-cerez-ii-teritoriu-vijskovopolonenih.html
Delay and release from call: what changes legalized the Cabinet of Ministers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716585-vidstrocka-ta-zvilnenna-vid-prizovu-aki-zmini-uzakoniv-kabmin.html
Sweden is preparing a law that should convince Turkey to take veto to join NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3716587-u-svecii-gotuut-zakon-so-mae-perekonati-tureccinu-znati-veto-na-vstup-do-nato.html
In Zhytomyr region opened the fare with a destroyed bridge on the Kiev-Chop highway
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3716588-na-zitomirsini-vidkrili-proizd-zrujnovanim-mostom-na-trasi-kiivcop.html
Knyazev in court stated that due to public case he would not be able to hide from the investigation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3716598-knazev-u-sudi-zaaviv-so-cerez-rozgolos-spravi-ne-zmoze-perehovuvatisa-vid-slidstva.html
Khmelnytskyi will host the Forty Bilobok Children's Book Festival
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3716594-na-hmelniccini-projde-festival-ditacoi-knigi-soroka-biloboka.html
Ukrainian fighters will be sent for a simplified treatment for treatment abroad
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3716597-ukrainskih-bijciv-vidpravlatimut-za-sprosenou-procedurou-na-likuvanna-za-kordon.html
Abuse of $ 30 million: Expired Minister of Infrastructure continued the measure of restraint
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3716603-zlovzivanna-na-30-miljoniv-ekszastupniku-ministra-infrastrukturi-prodovzili-zapobiznij-zahid.html
UWC expressed his greetings to the newly elected Board of the European Congress of Ukrainians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3716575-sku-visloviv-svoi-vitanna-novoobranij-upravi-evropejskogo-kongresu-ukrainciv.html
Ukraine will help Moldova rebuild the railway station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3716604-ukraina-dopomoze-moldovi-vidbuduvati-zaliznicnu-dilnicu.html
Communities have to publish public information even during the war - an expert U -LEAD
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3716606-gromadi-maut-opriludnuvati-publicnu-informaciu-navit-pid-cas-vijni-ekspertka-ulead.html
Two enemy mouths and two ammunition deposits were destroyed in the Tavriya direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716610-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-znisili-dvi-roti-voroga-ta-dva-skladi-z-boepripasami.html
Two bridges were rebuilt on the Ingulets irrigation system
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3716608-na-inguleckij-zrosuvalnij-sistemi-vidbuduvali-dva-mosti.html
With the support of the U-LEAD community from Kherson region restores energy independence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3716611-za-pidtrimki-ulead-gromada-z-hersonsini-vidnovlue-energeticnu-nezaleznist.html
The Odessa Library presented the Faximile of the Mazepa Gospel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3716623-odeskij-biblioteci-podaruvali-faksimile-mazepinskogo-evangelia.html
The invaders stated that they were sent for "healing" to the Western Caucasus 375 children from Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716614-zagarbniki-zaavili-so-vidpravili-na-ozdorovlenna-na-zahidnij-kavkaz-375-ditej-z-hersonsini.html
Started sales tickets for a charity match in support of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3716615-startuvav-prodaz-kvitkiv-na-blagodijnij-matc-na-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
Ukraine in the 1st quarter has increased imports of agricultural products from the EU by € 285 million - UKAB
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3716619-ukraina-u-i-kvartali-zbilsila-import-agroprodukcii-z-es-na-285-miljoniv-ukab.html
In the Ukrainian, they restored a multi -storey building damaged by shelling in April
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3716621-v-ukrainci-vidnovili-bagatopoverhivku-poskodzenu-obstrilom-u-kvitni.html
The GRP assures that voting for the WCCS warehouse will take place openly and transparently
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3716627-u-vrp-zapevnaut-so-golosuvanna-za-sklad-vkks-vidbudetsa-vidkrito-ta-prozoro.html
Michel Sanchez will remain in the post of head coach "Fi"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3716626-micel-sances-zalisitsa-na-posadi-golovnogo-trenera-zironi.html
Three of the four victims of the tourist boat accident in Italy were scouts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3716630-troe-z-cotiroh-zertv-avarii-turisticnogo-covna-v-italii-buli-rozvidnikami.html
Knyazev's appeal: At the request of lawyers, the court went into closed regime
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3716631-apelacia-knazeva-na-prohanna-advokativ-sud-perejsov-u-zakritij-rezim.html
About 300 medical facilities damaged as a result of the war have already been rebuilt in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3716638-v-ukraini-vze-vidbuduvali-blizko-300-medzakladiv-poskodzenih-unaslidok-vijni.html
Grant $ 1.25 billion from the United States came to the state budget
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3716637-grantovi-125-milarda-vid-ssa-nadijsli-do-derzbudzetu.html
The Russians fired Vovchansk - there is a dead and wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716642-rosiani-obstrilali-vovcansk-e-zagiblij-ta-poranena.html
Knyazev claims that he found in him during the searches belonging to businessmen-businessmen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3716643-knazev-stverdzue-so-znajdeni-u-nogo-pid-cas-obsukiv-grosi-nalezat-druzambiznesmenam.html
Famous Svitolina rival in the third circle of Rolan Harros
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3716645-vidoma-supernica-svitolinoi-u-tretomu-koli-rolan-garros.html
UNESCO allocates $ 1.5 million for digitalization of cultural heritage of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3716647-unesko-vidilae-15-miljona-na-cifrovizaciu-kulturnoi-spadsini-ukraini.html
Kovtun and Kurashvili claim the title of the best gymnasts of the year in Europe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3716650-kovtun-i-kurasvili-pretenduut-na-zvanna-najkrasih-gimnastiv-roku-v-evropi.html
The Border Service does not comment on whether the deputy Trubitsyn left Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3716653-derzprikordonsluzba-ne-komentue-ci-viihav-z-ukraini-deputat-trubicin.html
Norway will provide Ukraine with a five -year military assistance program for € 7 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716655-norvegia-nadast-ukraini-patiricnu-programu-vijskovoi-dopomogi-na-7-milardiv.html
Naftogaz has agreed with investors to restructure Eurobonds
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3716656-naftogaz-domovivsa-z-investorami-pro-restrukturizaciu-evroobligacij.html
Khmelnitsky ecologists have established the cause of the sea of fish in the South Bug
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3716657-hmelnicki-ekologi-vstanovili-pricinu-moru-ribi-u-pivdennomu-buzi.html
At the Palace Ukraine metro station, the passenger was killed under the wheels of the train
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3716613-na-stancii-metro-palac-ukraina-pasazirka-potrapila-pid-potag.html
Zelenska advised how to help the psyche overcome stress
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3716660-zelenska-poradila-ak-dopomogti-psihici-zdolati-stres.html
Klitschko checked how a new square near the metro station "Heroes of the Dnieper" is being equipped
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3716663-klicko-pereviriv-ak-oblastovuut-novij-skver-poblizu-stancii-metro-geroiv-dnipra.html
"Hit" for the first time in history became the Ukrainian Futsal Champion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3716666-hit-vperse-v-istorii-stav-cempionom-ukraini-z-futzalu.html
In the border of Sumy region firefighters while extinguishing fire came under fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3716667-u-prikordonni-sumsini-pozezniki-pid-cas-gasinna-vognu-potrapili-pid-obstril.html
Zelensky in Odesa region held a meeting with the military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3716674-zelenskij-na-odesini-proviv-naradu-z-vijskovimi.html
In Kiev, they will take an electronic vote of renaming the street in honor of "da Vinci"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3716670-u-kievi-vinesut-na-elektronne-golosuvanna-perejmenuvanna-vulici-na-cest-da-vinci.html
Ukraine has protested through prison sentences in the Russian Federation to four Crimean Tatars
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3716672-ukraina-vislovila-protest-cerez-turemni-viroki-u-rf-cotirom-krimskim-tataram.html
Media: Neymar rejected the proposal from Saudi Arabia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3716673-zmi-nejmar-vidhiliv-propoziciu-iz-saudivskoi-aravii.html
In Ukraine, onions fell on average by 11% - Eastfruit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3716675-v-ukraini-ripcasta-cibula-podesevsala-u-serednomu-na-11-eastfruit.html
Marchenko discussed with the leadership of Atlantic Council Restoration of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3716678-marcenko-obgovoriv-z-kerivnictvom-atlantic-council-vidnovlenna-ukraini.html
The American who accused Biden of harassment fled to Moscow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3716679-amerikanka-aka-zvinuvacuvala-bajdena-u-domagannah-vtekla-do-moskvi.html
The painter called the undermining road near the three sisters checkpoint with the information and psychological operation of the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716681-malar-nazvala-pidriv-dorogi-bila-kpp-tri-sestri-informacijnopsihologicnou-operacieu-rosian.html
Four Ukrainian billiardists start at the Chief 2023 with a pool
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3716687-cetvero-ukrainskih-bilardistiv-startuut-na-ce2023-z-pulu.html
Duda: Russia has not lost yet, though it is fighting in Ukraine on the 60s tanks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716689-duda-rosia-se-ne-prograla-hoca-j-voue-v-ukraini-na-tankah-60h-rokiv.html
Defense forces in the day repelled 16 Russian attacks in the east
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716690-sili-oboroni-za-dobu-vidbili-na-shodi-16-rosijskih-atak.html
Zelensky in Odessa spent a meeting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716691-zelenskij-v-odesi-proviv-zasidanna-stavki.html
NATO countries must provide Ukraine with reliable security guarantees - Macron
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3716693-kraini-nato-maut-nadati-ukraini-nadijni-garantii-bezpeki-makron.html
Luxembourg can join the microfinance of business in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3716694-luksemburg-moze-dolucitisa-do-mikrofinansuvanna-biznesu-v-ukraini.html
In the captured port of Berdyansk, the Russians load on the ship grain and metal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3716697-u-zahoplenomu-portu-berdanska-rosiani-vantazat-na-korabli-zerno-ta-metal.html
Bakhmut was in the ranking of the best cities of Ukraine, Russia turned it into ruins and ashes - the mayor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3716700-bahmut-buv-u-rejtingu-najkrasih-mist-ukraini-rosia-peretvorila-jogo-na-ruini-ta-popil-mer.html
Director of Sophia Kyivska Kukovalsk and journalist Sushchenko was awarded the Order of France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3716701-direktorka-zapovidnika-sofia-kiivska-otrimala-nacionalnij-orden-francii.html
In Donetsk, it is necessary to evacuate children from more than 10 settlements - Vereshchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3716704-na-doneccini-potribno-evakuuvati-ditej-iz-ponad-10-naselenih-punktiv-veresuk.html
In Britain found samples of plague that 4000 years old
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3716709-u-britanii-znajsli-zrazki-dnk-cumi-akim-4000-rokiv.html
The EU will continue to support Ukraine despite the attacks of drones on Moscow - Metzola
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3716706-es-prodovzit-pidtrimuvati-ukrainu-popri-ataki-droniv-na-moskvu-mecola.html
Maria Muzychuk keeps a place in the top 10 ranking of the best chess players in the world
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3716708-maria-muzicuk-zberigae-misce-u-top10-rejtingu-najkrasih-sahistok-svitu.html
The head of the IAEA believes that Ukraine and Russia adhere to five principles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716710-glava-magate-virit-so-ukraina-i-rosia-dotrimuutsa-pati-principiv-bezpeki-zaes.html
In the Bakhmut direction, the Russians went in defense - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716713-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-rosiani-perejsli-v-oboronu-malar.html
Zelensky visited the wounded military in the hospital in Odessa region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3716712-zelenskij-vidvidav-poranenih-vijskovih-u-gospitali-na-odesini.html
The White House has officially announced a new military assistance package to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716714-bilij-dim-oficijno-anonsuvav-novij-paket-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
The court reduced the pledge of prince to 75 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3716715-sud-zmensiv-zastavu-knazevu-do-75-miljoniv.html
Russia will not decide whether to join Ukraine in NATO - the Foreign Ministry of Norway
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3716716-rosia-ne-bude-virisuvati-ci-vstupati-ukraini-v-nato-mzs-norvegii.html
In Bakhmut during a full -scale war, 204 civilians were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716719-u-bahmuti-za-cas-povnomasstabnoi-vijni-zaginuli-204-civilnih.html
The Polish Government will order additional artsnamers for the army
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3716552-urad-polsi-zamovit-dodatkovi-artsnaradi-dla-armii.html
In the Bakhmut direction of the Armed Forces a day destroyed 78 invaders - a creep
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716720-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-zsu-za-dobu-znisili-78-zagarbnikiv-cerevatij.html
Zaluzhni and Millie discussed the supply to Ukraine with long -range shells
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716721-zaluznij-i-milli-obgovorili-postacanna-ukraini-dalekobijnih-snaradiv.html
Ukrainians will miss a series of Grand Prix from judo in Dushanbe because of the involvement of Russians and Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3716724-ukrainci-propustat-seriu-granpri-z-dzudo-v-dusanbe-cerez-ucast-rosian-ta-bilorusiv.html
Germany has declared the right of Ukraine to strike in the territory of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716725-nimeccina-zaavila-pro-pravo-ukraini-zavdavati-udariv-po-teritorii-rf.html
President of the European Commission has announced a Moldova Support Package of Five Initiatives
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3716727-prezidentka-evrokomisii-ogolosila-paket-pidtrimki-moldovi-z-pati-iniciativ.html
Stefanchuk will participate in the NATO Parliament's Heads Summit in Lithuania
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3716728-stefancuk-vizme-ucast-u-samiti-glav-parlamentiv-krain-nato-u-litvi.html
US do not have data who stands behind the drones of the Drones in Moscow - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716729-ssa-ne-maut-danih-hto-stoit-za-atakou-droniv-po-moskvi-bilij-dim.html
Pentagon revealed the content of a new defense pack for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716730-pentagon-rozkriv-vmist-novogo-oboronnogo-paketa-dla-ukraini.html
During the day the Russians fired 10 times the border of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716731-protagom-dna-rosiani-10-raziv-obstrili-prikordonni-gromadi-sumsini.html
Ukraine confidently beat Croatia in the Golden European Volleyball
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3716733-ukraina-vpevneno-obigrala-horvatiu-u-zolotij-evrolizi-z-volejbolu.html
National Commission cancels the price restrictions on the electricity market since June 30
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3716737-nackomisia-skasovue-z-30-cervna-cinovi-obmezenna-na-rinku-elektroenergii.html
The Czech Senate has approved a resolution to support Ukraine as soon as possible in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3716739-senat-cehii-uhvaliv-rezoluciu-pro-pidtrimku-aknajsvidsogo-vstupu-ukraini-v-nato.html
In the center of Sevastopol, explosions were heard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3716738-u-centri-sevastopola-prolunali-vibuhi.html
The Ministry of Energy says raising tariffs - a forced step to pass the winter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3716741-u-minenergetiki-kazut-so-pidvisenna-tarifiv-vimusenij-krok-dla-prohodzenna-zimi.html
Determined the first pair of 1/4 finals of youth World Cup 2023 on football
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3716742-viznacilasa-persa-para-14-finalu-molodiznogo-cs2023-z-futbolu.html
President: The world knows what fundamental role our exports play for food security
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3716743-prezident-svit-znae-aku-fundamentalnu-rol-nas-eksport-grae-dla-prodovolcoi-bezpeki.html
US seeking to avoid the Third World War - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3716744-ssa-pragnut-uniknuti-tretoi-svitovoi-vijni-bilij-dim.html
More than 1.5 million tons of agricultural products are accumulated in the blocked Russian port "Southern" - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3716747-u-zablokovanomu-rf-portu-pivdennij-nakopiceni-pivtora-miljona-tonn-agroprodukcii-zelenskij.html
The President of Croatia called the slogan "Glory to Ukraine" chauvinist, in OP responded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3716749-prezident-horvatii-nazvav-gaslo-slava-ukraini-sovinistskim-v-op-vidreaguvali.html
Zelensky thanked the United States for a new military assistance package
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716750-zelenskij-podakuvav-spolucenim-statam-za-novij-paket-vijskovoi-dopomogi.html
US focused on the implementation of the Ukrainian peace formula - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3716751-ssa-zoseredzeni-na-realizacii-ukrainskoi-formuli-miru-bilij-dim.html
Our paratroopers learn to win
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/nashi-desantnyky-vchatsya-peremagaty/
The SBU calls on street webcam owners to turn off online broadcast
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/sbu-zaklykaye-vlasnykiv-vulychnyh-vebkamer-vymknuty-onlajn-translyacziyu-shhob-ne-dopomagaty-rf-navodyty-rakety-na-ukrayinu/
The occupier tells about his Zhpoly, who is profitable on the soldiers of the Russian Federation - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/okupant-rozpovidaye-pro-svogo-zampolita-yakyj-nazhyvayetsya-na-soldatah-rf-gur/
SCO operators arranged a successful ambush on the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/operatory-sso-vlashtuvaly-vdalu-zasidku-na-okupantiv/
The Strongman Federation of Ukraine and the command of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine entered into a memorandum of cooperation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/federacziya-strongmenu-ukrayiny-ta-komanduvannya-suhoputnyh-vijsk-zsu-uklaly-memorandum-pro-spivpraczyu/
He created a pro -Russian site, which called on the Russian Federation to strike rocket strikes in the territory of Ukraine - convicted of a resident of Kharkiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/stvoryv-prorosijskyj-sajt-na-yakomu-zaklykav-rf-zavdavaty-raketnyh-udariv-po-terytoriyi-ukrayiny-zasudzheno-zhytelya-harkivshhyny/
Payment of cash assistance to residents of liberated territories and evacuated is ongoing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/tryvaye-vyplata-groshovoyi-dopomogy-meshkanczyam-zvilnenyh-terytorij-ta-evakujovanym/
The FSB agent who prepared an air attack on the Kropyvnytskyi electrical substation will be held 15 years behind bars
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/15-rokiv-za-gratamy-provede-agent-fsb-yakyj-gotuvav-povitryanu-ataku-na-elektropidstancziyi-kropyvnyczkogo/
Ukrainian aviation has made 11 beats in the racist concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/ukrayinska-aviacziya-zavdala-11-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-rashystiv/
During the day our defenders repelled 22 hostile attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/protyagom-doby-nashi-zahysnyky-vidbyly-22-vorozhyh-ataky/
The occupiers continue to plant Russian citizenship to the residents of Tot
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/okupanty-prodovzhuyut-nasadzhuvaty-rosijske-gromadyanstvo-meshkanczyam-tot/
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated nearly 500 invaders, destroyed 15 Artisystems and 3 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-15-artsystem-i-3-bbm/
Adriatic Strike-2023 has begun in Slovenia with the participation of 30 countries
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/u-sloveniyi-pochalysya-navchannya-adriatic-strike-2023-za-uchasti-30-krayin/
Relatives of captive Marines met with representatives of the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/rodychi-polonenyh-morpihiv-zustrilysya-z-predstavnykamy-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-3/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-2/
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine named three steps for a successful NATO summit in Vilnius
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/u-mzs-ukrayiny-nazvaly-try-kroky-dlya-uspishnogo-samitu-nato-u-vilnyusi/
Incorrectly compare the attack of drones on Moscow with constant shelling of Ukraine - UN
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/nekorektno-porivnyuvaty-ataku-droniv-na-moskvu-z-postijnymy-obstrilamy-ukrayiny-oon/
During the day, rescuers have almost 400 times left for the elimination of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-majzhe-400-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv/
In Britain, Canadian instructors teach Ukrainian military to fight in the city
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/u-brytaniyi-kanadski-instruktory-navchayut-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-vesty-bij-u-misti/
The FPV-Diree Producers will be held to strengthen the Defense Forces of Ukraine on June 1
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/dlya-pidsylennya-syl-oborony-ukrayiny-1-chervnya-projdut-zmagannya-vyrobnykiv-fpv-droniv/
NATO Secretary General: Allies are preparing new help because now it is most important to win Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/gensek-nato-soyuznyky-gotuyut-novu-dopomogu-bo-zaraz-najvazhlyvishe-aby-ukrayina-peremogla/
In the Black Sea on the duty of three enemy rocket launchers: the total volley of "Calibers" - 16
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/u-chornomu-moru-na-cherguvanni-try-vorozhyh-raketonosiyi-zagalnyj-zalp-kalibriv-16/
The Cabinet of Ministers has approved a bill on employment of persons with disabilities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/kabmin-uhvalyv-zakonoproyekt-shhodo-praczevlashtuvannya-osib-z-invalidnistyu/
Ukrainian defenders in Britain deepen knowledge of international humanitarian law
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-u-brytaniyi-poglyblyuyut-znannya-z-mizhnarodnogo-gumanitarnogo-prava/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 90 thousand military crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-90-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv-2/
The creation of the Corps of the Marines of Ukraine is the requirement of today - Viecadmiral Alexei Shephapa
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/stvorennya-korpusu-morskoyi-pihoty-ukrayiny-cze-vymoga-sogodennya-viczeadmiral-oleksij-neyizhpapa/
Kryvyi Rih resident collected for enemy intelligence on the movement and base of defense forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/meshkanka-kryvogo-rogu-zbyrala-dlya-voroga-rozviddani-pro-peremishhennya-ta-bazuvannya-syl-oborony/
More than 700 explosive items, including 32 aircraft
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-700-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-zokrema-32-aviabomby/
The enemy from mortars again fired at the border of Chernihiv and Sumy region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/vorog-z-minometiv-znovu-obstrilyav-prykordonnya-chernigivshhyny-i-sumshhyny/
Ukraine will receive a bus processed into a mobile hospital from Britain
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/ukrayina-otrymaye-vid-brytaniyi-avtobus-pereroblenyj-u-mobilnyj-shpytal/
During the day, Russia fired 109 settlements of Ukraine, among civilians are killed and injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/za-dobu-rosiya-obstrilyala-109-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-sered-czyvilnyh-ye-zagybli-ta-poraneni/
Capital police exposed nine more citizens who "merged" on the social network video work.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/stolychni-policzejski-vykryly-shhe-devyatoh-gromadyan-yaki-zlyly-u-soczmerezhi-video-roboty-ppo/
In the Russian Federation, large -scale complexes are being built for sorting and storing corpses eliminated in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/u-rf-buduyut-masshtabni-kompleksy-dlya-sortuvannya-j-zberigannya-trupiv-likvidovanyh-v-ukrayini-rosiyan/
President of Ukraine met with Ambassador United24 by actor Micha Collens
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/prezydent-ukrayiny-zustrivsya-z-ambasadorom-united24-aktorom-misheyu-kollinzom/
We work to punish the leadership of the Russian regime for kidnapping - Prosecutor General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/praczyuyemo-nad-tym-shhob-pokaraty-najvyshhe-kerivnycztvo-zlochynnogo-rosijskogo-rezhymu-za-vykradennya-ditej-genprokuror/
The Russian paratrooper was declared suspicion of shooting a car car with children in Bucha
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/rosijskomu-desantnyku-ogolosyly-pro-pidozru-v-rozstrili-avtivky-sim%ca%bcyi-z-ditmy-u-buchi/
The Cabinet has standardized the issue of deferral or release of citizens from conscription for conscript military service
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/kabmin-unormuvav-pytannya-nadannya-vidstrochky-chy-zvilnennya-gromadyan-vid-pryzovu-na-strokovu-vijskovu-sluzhbu/
1 червня у Military Media Center відбудеться брифінг представників Нацгвардії
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/1-chervnya-u-military-media-center-vidbudetsya-bryfing-predstavnykiv-naczgvardiyi/
Ukraine continues state payments to those who were or still in captivity
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/ukrayina-prodovzhuye-derzhavni-vyplaty-tym-hto-buv-chy-dosi-v-poloni/
The European Commission's head called to give Ukraine a long -range weapon
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/ochilnyczya-yevrokomisiyi-zaklykala-nadaty-ukrayini-dalekobijnu-zbroyu/
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine was strongly condemned by the DPRK's attempt to launch a military satellite
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/u-mzs-ukrayiny-rishuche-zasudyly-sprobu-kndr-zapustyty-vijskovyj-suputnyk/
In the Mediterranean, Russia holds one ship with four "caliber"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/u-seredzemnomu-mori-rosiya-trymaye-odyn-korabel-z-chotyrma-kalibramy/
Head of State: in Ukraine from the beginning of the large -scale war of the Russian Federation daily - Children's Day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/glava-derzhavy-v-ukrayini-vid-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-vijny-rf-shhodnya-den-zahystu-ditej/
Polish seven ’ Ї Pam ’ plot: Russian captivity ends with a bullet in the back of
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/polski-simyi-pamyatayut-rosijskyj-polon-zakinchuyetsya-kuleyu-v-potylyczyu-andzhej-duda/
The property of the native of Ivano-Frankivsk was arrested for dismantling the Russians in Mariupol
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/za-demontazh-znyshhenogo-rosiyanamy-teatru-v-mariupoli-zaareshtovano-majno-urodzhenczya-ivano-frankivshhyny/
The US has allocated another $ 1.25 billion to Ukraine's needs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/ssha-vydilyly-shhe-125-milyarda-na-potreby-ukrayiny/
12 years behind the lattice will spend a machine gun with DNR who fought in the Bakhmut direction against the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/12-rokiv-za-gratamy-provede-kulemetnyk-z-dnr-yakyj-voyuvav-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-proty-zsu/
In the Tavriysk direction, defenders destroyed two enemy mouths and two ammunition depots
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-znyshhyly-dvi-roty-voroga-ta-dva-sklady-z-boyeprypasamy/
The Russians are able to fix mobile phones that go to the network near the front line - an expert in Rer and Reb
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/rosiyany-zdatni-fiksuvaty-mobilni-telefony-yaki-vyhodyat-v-merezhu-poblyzu-liniyi-frontu-ekspert-u-galuzi-rer-ta-reb/
In Odesa region, the President of Ukraine held a meeting on the situation in the region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/na-odeshhyni-prezydent-ukrayiny-proviv-naradu-shhodo-sytuacziyi-v-regioni/
16 enemy attacks are reflected during the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/protyagom-doby-vidbyto-16-vorozhyh-atak/
The enemy has caused 24 aviation and missile strikes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/protyvnyk-zavdav-24-aviaczijnyh-ta-raketnyh-udariv/
Apt -headed enemy artist in his firing position was destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/vluchnym-udarom-znyshheno-artpidrozdil-protyvnyka-na-jogo-vognevij-pozycziyi/
Anna Malyar called the blasting road near the three sisters checkpoint with the information and psychological operation of the Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/ganna-malyar-nazvala-pidryv-dorogy-bilya-kpp-try-sestry-informaczijno-psyhologichnoyu-operacziyeyu-rosiyan/
In the south, the Russians fired 24 settlements
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/na-pivdni-rosiyany-obstrilyaly-24-naselenyh-punkty/
In Odesa region, the head of state visited the wounded defenders of Ukraine in the hospital and presented state awards to military and doctors
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/na-odeshhyni-glava-derzhavy-vidvidav-u-gospitali-poranenyh-zahysnykiv-ukrayiny-ta-vruchyv-derzhavni-nagorody-vijskovym-i-medykam/
Valery Zaluzhny spent a telephone conversation with Mark Millie
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/valerij-zaluzhnyj-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-markom-milli-3/
Kyiv from the point of view of the Russian Empire is the object of their terrible historical jealousy - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/kyyiv-z-tochky-zoru-rosijskoyi-imperiyi-ye-obyektom-yih-strashnyh-istorychnyh-revnoshhiv-ganna-malyar/
The White House has officially reported a new military aid package to Ukraine: what will the Armed Forces receive
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/bilyj-dim-oficzijno-povidomyv-pro-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-ukrayini-shho-otrymayut-zsu/
Almost 80 invaders were destroyed in the Bakhmut Armed Forces a day - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-zsu-za-dobu-znyshhyly-majzhe-80-zagarbnykiv-sergij-cherevatyj/
The occupiers have made five beats on settlements of Sumy and Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/okupanty-zavdaly-pyat-udariv-po-naselenym-punktam-sumshhyny-i-chernigivshhyny/
The world knows what fundamental role our marine grain export plays for food security - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/svit-znaye-yaku-fundamentalnu-rol-nash-morskyj-zernovyj-eksport-vidigraye-dlya-prodovolchoyi-bezpeky-prezydent-ukrayiny/
More than 200 sergeants have completed regular training in the study of international humanitarian law
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/ponad-200-serzhantiv-zavershyly-chergovi-treningy-z-vyvchennya-norm-mizhnarodnogo-gumanitarnogo-prava/
Short. War. Day 462. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/31/korotko-vijna-den-462-videodajdzhest/
The air defense forces knocked down five Russian drones in the Nikolaev area
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716752-sili-ppo-zbili-na-mikolaivsini-pat-rosijskih-bezpilotnikiv.html
In Ukraine, short -term rains, in the afternoon up to 27 ° heat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3716662-v-ukraini-zavtra-miscami-korotkocasni-dosi-vden-do-27-tepla.html
The air defense forces knocked down five Russian drones in the Nikolaev area
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3716752-sili-ppo-zbili-na-mikolaivsini-pat-rosijskih-bezpilotnikiv.html
The court arrested ₴ 500 million assets of the ex-deductor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3716735-sud-arestuvav-500-miljoniv-aktiviv-eksdeputatazradnika.html
In Ukraine, short -term rains, in the afternoon up to 27 ° heat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3716662-v-ukraini-zavtra-miscami-korotkocasni-dosi-vden-do-27-tepla.html
Seville won the UEFA Europa League, having overcome the Roma final
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3716754-sevila-vigrala-ligu-evropi-uefa-zdolavsi-u-finali-romu.html
Footage of destruction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/01/kadry-znyshhennya-udarnogo-bezpilotnyka-lanczet-strileczkoyu-zbroyeyu/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====