乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-24

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled  Karpovychi, Tymonovychi,...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4873
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Kamyanka, Fonolivka, Novomolinsk, Dvorichny, West ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4874
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled  Nevske and Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske,...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4875
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Markovo, Grigorivka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4876
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Novokalinova, Berdyshi, Avdiivka, Water, First ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4877
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Maryinka and Pobyeda, - General Staff of Armed For...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4878
At Shakhtarske direction Russian army shelled Vuhledar, Novoukrayinka and Prechystivka. Russi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4879
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka and Novopil of Donetsk r...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4880
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4881
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(15:15). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46375
Donetsk Oblast(19:14). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46377
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(19:15). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46378
Zaporizka Oblast(19:18). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46379
Chernihivska Oblast(22:42). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46384
Sumska Oblast(22:43). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46385
Poltavska Oblast(23:17). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46386
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(00:23). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46387
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(00:38). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46388
The enemy powerfully feels the power of Ukrainian Marines - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/vorog-potuzhno-vidchuvaye-micz-ukrayinskyh-morskyh-pihotyncziv-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
The Government has approved the procedure for selecting and exploring the biological material of prisoners of war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/uryad-zatverdyv-poryadok-vidboru-ta-doslidzhennya-biologichnogo-materialu-vijskovopolonenyh/
The Commissioner from the missing missing in Sloviansk conducted an exit meeting with the search engines
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/upovnovazhenyj-zi-znyklyh-bezvisty-u-slov%ca%bcyansku-proviv-vyyiznu-naradu-z-poshukovczyamy/
May 23 - Marine Corps Day of Ukraine!
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/23-travnya-den-morskoyi-pihoty-ukrayiny-2/
The transfer of F-16 fighters to Ukraine and the preparation of Ukrainian pilots is a priority for the USA-State Department
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/peredacha-vynyshhuvachiv-f-16-ukrayini-ta-pidgotovka-ukrayinskyh-pilotiv-ye-priorytetom-dlya-ssha-derzhdep/
Briefing on demining of territories with the participation of the representative of the State Security Service of MOU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/bryfing-shhodo-rozminuvannya-terytorij-za-uchasti-predstavnyka-derzhspecztranssluzhby-mou/
Alexei Reznikov congratulated the Marines on a professional holiday
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/oleksij-reznikov-pryvitav-morskyh-pihotyncziv-z-profesijnym-svyatom/
Heroes Day: The Stories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/den-geroyiv-istoriyi-zvytyagy-ukrayincziv-riznyh-chasiv/
Thank you for professionalism, sustainability and endurance: the Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces congratulated the Marines
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/dyakuyu-za-profesijnist-stijkist-ta-vytryvalist-golovnokomanduvach-zsu-pryvitav-morpihiv/
The flanks in the north and south of Bakhmut have a slight advancement - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/po-flangah-na-pivnochi-i-pivdni-vid-bahmuta-u-nas-ye-neznachne-prosuvannya-ganna-malyar/
Russia has lost over 100,000 people in Bakhmut's battles - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/rosiya-vtratyla-u-boyah-za-bahmut-ponad-100-tysyach-osib-gur/
On Marines Day, the President of Ukraine visited the leading positions of Ukrainian defenders in Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/u-den-morskoyi-pihoty-prezydent-ukrayiny-vidvidav-peredovi-pozycziyi-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv-na-donechchyni/
A single coordination center was created to monitor the state of mine safety
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/dlya-monitoryngu-stanu-minnoyi-bezpeky-na-deokupovanyh-terytoriyah-stvoreno-yedynyj-koordynaczijnyj-czentr/
Ukraine is most polluted with explosive objects in the world
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/ukrayiny-najbilsh-zabrudnena-vybuhonebezpechnymy-predmetamy-krayina-svitu/
More than 30 saper groups
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/ponad-30-sapernyh-grup-derzhspecztranssluzhby-praczyuyut-nad-rozminuvannyam-deokupovanyh-terytorij/
The Russian Federation is urgently evacuating the storage of nuclear ammunition "Belgorod-22"-Andriy Yusov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/rf-terminovo-evakuyuye-shovyshha-yadernyh-boyeprypasiv-byelgorod-22-andrij-yusov/
Since the beginning of a large -scale invasion of the Russian Federation of the State Support Supreme Support, 35 653 explosive objects have been neutralized
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnogo-vtorgnennya-rf-sapery-derzhspecztranssluzhby-zneshkodyly-35-653-vybuhonebezpechni-predmety/
In the Black Sea, the Russians are currently holding 11 ships, among them - a rocket launcher with eight "caliber"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/u-chornomu-mori-rosiyany-narazi-trymayut-11-korabliv-sered-nyh-raketonosij-z-vismoma-kalibramy/
Relatives of captive Marines met with representatives of the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/rodychi-polonenyh-morpihiv-zustrilysya-z-predstavnykamy-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-2/
Demining Ukraine: eight aviation bombs were neutralized per day of pyrotechnics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/rozminuvannya-ukrayiny-za-dobu-pirotehniky-zneshkodyly-visim-aviaczijnyh-bomb/
Detained in Cherkasy by the Russian agent threatens lifelong UV ’
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/zatrymanomu-u-cherkasah-rosijskomu-agentu-zagrozhuye-dovichne-uvyaznennya/
In the units of the State Support Service, 5 women already perform demining tasks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/u-pidrozdilah-derzhspecztranssluzhby-vzhe-5-zhinok-vykonuyut-zavdannya-z-rozminuvannya/
In Poland, a meeting of NATO program for improving military education took place with the participation of MOU.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/u-polshhi-za-uchasti-mou-vidbulasya-zustrich-ekspertiv-programy-nato-z-udoskonalennya-vijskovoyi-osvity/
The Supreme Commander was awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine to two marine infantry officers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/verhovnyj-golovnokomanduvach-prysvoyiv-zvannya-geroya-ukrayiny-dvom-oficzeram-morskoyi-pihoty/
Within cooperation with international miners, 30 DSST sappers have been prepared
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/u-mezhah-spivpraczi-z-mizhnarodnymy-operatoramy-protyminnoyi-diyalnosti-pidgotovleno-30-saperiv-dsst/
Anna Malyar about the situation in Belgorod region: it is a predictable internal Russian crisis
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/ganna-malyar-pro-sytuacziyu-na-byelgorodshhyni-cze-peredbachuvana-vnutrishnya-rosijska-kryza/
Due to the shelling of the Russian Federation in nine areas, two civilians were killed, 11 were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/cherez-obstrily-rf-u-devyatoh-oblastyah-dvoye-lyudej-zagynulo-11-poraneno/
Three -day military exercises have begun in Kyiv region: do not report the movement of equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/na-kyyivshhyni-rozpochalysya-trydenni-vijskovi-navchannya-ne-povidomlyajte-pro-peremishhennya-tehniky/
In Ukraine, the Corps of Marines - Volodymyr Zelenskyy is created
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/v-ukrayini-stvoryuyut-korpus-morskoyi-pihoty-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Norwegian instructors work with our warriors with fundamental actions using NLAW
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/norvezki-instruktory-vidpraczovuyut-z-nashymy-voyinamy-zasadni-diyi-z-vykorystannyam-nlaw/
In 2023, social payments will be saved for internally displaced persons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/u-2023-roczi-budut-zberezheni-soczialni-vyplaty-dlya-vnutrishno-peremishhenyh-osib/
More than 400 Marines received storm berets in Nikolaev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/ponad-400-morpihiv-otrymaly-shtormovi-berety-v-mykolayevi/
The CPD has published a forecast for misinformation campaigns of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/czpd-opublikuvav-prognoz-shhodo-dezinformaczijnyh-kampanij-rf/
The Russians have struck a flight strike on Avdiivka, are wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/rosiyany-zavdaly-aviaraketnogo-udaru-po-avdiyivczi-ye-poraneni/
Russians actively change the left bank of the Dnieper and set a barrier against fuel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/rosiyany-aktyvno-minuyut-livyj-bereg-dnipra-ta-vstanovlyuyut-zagorodzhennya-proty-plavzasobiv/
Not only pilots but also aviation engineers and combat officers will be captured by F-16
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/opanovuvatymut-f-16-ne-lyshe-lotchyky-a-j-aviaczijni-inzhenery-ta-oficzery-bojovyh-upravlin-2/
Alexei Reznikov wrote an appeal to the Bashkir people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/oleksij-reznikov-napysav-zvernennya-do-bashkyrskogo-narodu/
The occupiers of Crimea from fear of the Counfield of the Armed Forces create the so -called PVC - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/okupanty-krymu-vid-strahu-pered-kontrnastupom-zsu-stvoryuyut-tak-zvani-pvk-gur/
Ukraine received macro -financial assistance from the EU of 1.5 billion euros
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/ukrayina-otrymala-makrofinansovu-dopomogy-vid-yes-u-rozmiri-15-mlrd-yevro/
Alexei Zhpapa: Marines should return to the point of constant dislocation - Crimea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/oleksij-neyizhpapa-morski-pihotynczi-mayut-povernutysya-u-punkt-postijnoyi-dyslokacziyi-krym/
Dmytro Kuleba and OSCE Chairman discussed the directions of work in the coming weeks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/dmytro-kuleba-ta-golova-obsye-obgovoryly-napryamky-roboty-na-najblyzhchi-tyzhni/
Germany is planning to prepare up to 9,000 Ukrainian military by the end of the year
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/nimechchyna-do-kinczya-roku-planuye-pidgotuvaty-do-9-tysyach-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/
Priority to occupy positions in military administrations in the deocal territories will be given to veterans of war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/priorytet-obijmaty-posady-u-vijskovyh-administracziyah-na-deokupovanyh-terytoriyah-nadadut-veteranam-vijny/
NATO Secretary General: Learning Ukrainian Pilots on F-16 fighters does not make NATO side of conflict
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/gensek-nato-navchannya-ukrayinskyh-pilotiv-na-vynyshhuvachah-f-16-ne-robyt-nato-storonoyu-konfliktu/
The Ukrainian team with the operating military in the won won the first place at the European Championships in martial arts
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/ukrayinska-zbirna-z-diyuchymy-vijskovymy-u-skladi-vyborola-pershe-miscze-na-chempionati-yevropy/
Bakhmut's Defense: At present, the occupiers are not mentioned - more than 400 shelling in the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/oborona-bahmuta-narazi-pro-snaryadnyj-golod-v-okupantiv-ne-jdetsya-za-dobu-ponad-400-artobstriliv/
Defense purchases in Ukraine switch to a model of NATO member states-Alexey Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/oboronni-zakupivli-v-ukrayini-perehodyat-na-model-derzhav-chleniv-nato-oleksij-reznikov/
The occupiers plan the abduction of children from the occupied Luhansk region under the pretext of "medical examinations"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/okupanty-planuyut-vykradennya-ditej-z-okupovanoyi-luganshhyny-pid-vyglyadom-medychnyh-oglyadiv/
Virgin Orbit will stop activity after selling assets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3713679-virgin-orbit-pripinit-dialnist-pisla-prodazu-aktiviv.html
In the accident suspected of a road accident, the deputy of the Kyiv City Council seized the rights for two months
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3713678-u-pidozruvanoi-v-dtp-deputatki-kiivradi-na-dva-misaci-vilucili-prava.html
Shmigal called five priorities in preparation for the new school year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3713675-smigal-nazvav-pat-prioritetiv-u-pidgotovci-do-novogo-navcalnogo-roku.html
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Kamyanka, Topoli, Krasnaya Pershe, Novomolinsk, courtyards ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4884
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Kramatorsk, Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Grigoriv ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4886
"Inter" protected the title by breaking "Fiorentine" in the Italy Cup finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713777-inter-zahistiv-titul-obigravsi-fiorentinu-u-finali-kubka-italii.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Ceramics, Overite, Lastochkine, Avdiivka, SEV ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4887
The topic of Ukraine will become one of the top questions at Baiden and Fashion Meeting - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3713774-tema-ukraini-stane-odnim-iz-toppitan-na-zustrici-bajdena-j-modi-derzdep.html
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Maximilanivka, Krak ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4888
Japanese researchers are the first in the world completely sequennated the fungus gene
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3713572-aponski-doslidniki-persimi-u-sviti-povnistu-sekvenuvali-genom-griba.html
The State Department is concerned about the meeting of the UN Secretary General with Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3713770-derzdep-sturbovanij-zustriccu-predstavnici-genseka-oon-zi-lvovoubelovou.html
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian Army Shelled Paraskovivka, Novomykhailivka, Village, God ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4889
NATO expects Georgia to comply with international sanctions against Russia - Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3713767-nato-ocikue-vid-gruzii-dotrimanna-miznarodnih-sankcij-proti-rosii-stoltenberg.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Burlatske, Novosilka, Z...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4890
AEK became the winner
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713766-aek-stav-volodarem-kubka-grecii-z-futbolu-obigravsi-paok.html
Florida Governor Airborne Officially announced participation in the presidential election
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3713764-gubernator-floridi-desantis-oficijno-ogolosiv-pro-ucast-u-prezidentskih-viborah.html
Zelensky turned to the people of Iran: you must be on the other side of history - not with evil
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3713762-zelenskij-zvernuvsa-do-narodu-iranu-vi-maete-buti-na-insomu-boci-istorii-ne-zi-zlom.html
Prison terms received three more online agents of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3713699-turemni-stroki-otrimali-se-tri-internetagenti-rf.html
President: Our protection is improving faster than Russia has time to change tactics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713761-prezident-nas-zahist-udoskonaluetsa-svidse-niz-rosia-vstigae-zminuvati-taktiku.html
Under Bakhmut the champion of Ukraine in boxing Alexander Onishchenko was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713760-pid-bahmutom-zaginuv-cempion-ukraini-z-boksu-oleksandr-onisenko.html
Legion "Freedom of Russia" during surgery in the Belgorod region lost two fighters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713759-legion-svoboda-rosii-pid-cas-operacii-v-belgorodskij-oblasti-vtrativ-dvoh-bijciv.html
Real won the Rayo Vallekano in the Space Laiga match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713756-real-peremig-rajo-valekano-u-matci-ispanskoi-la-ligi.html
Lenovo reduced 5% of the total number of jobs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3713753-lenovo-skorotila-5-vid-zagalnoi-kilkosti-robocih-misc.html
Tina Tin Tin died died
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3713758-pomerla-koroleva-roknrolu-tina-terner.html
Ukrainian F -16 will be a signal from the world that Russia will only lose - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713752-ukrainskij-f16-stane-signalom-vid-svitu-so-rosia-lise-vtracatime-zelenskij.html
Sholtz promises to support municipalities who accept Ukrainian refugees
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3713750-solc-obicae-pidtrimku-municipalitetam-aki-prijmaut-ukrainskih-bizenciv.html
In Ukraine, more than 400,000 people die from cardiovascular disease every year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3713749-v-ukraini-soroku-ponad-400-tisac-osib-pomiraut-vid-sercevosudinnih-zahvoruvan.html
Using US assistance must comply with US laws and requirements - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713748-vikoristanna-dopomogi-ssa-mae-vidpovidati-amerikanskim-zakonam-ta-vimogam-derzdep.html
Norway will help teach Ukrainian pilots to manage F-16
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713746-norvegia-dopomoze-navcati-ukrainskih-pilotiv-keruvati-f16.html
The case of theft of funds at Dovzhenko's film studio was sent to court
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3713745-spravu-pro-rozkradanna-kostiv-na-kinostudii-dovzenka-skeruvali-do-sudu.html
Ukrainians have completed a speech on the 2023 Table Tennis
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713743-ukrainci-dostrokovo-zaversili-vistup-na-cs2023-z-nastilnogo-tenisu.html
ARMA plans to transfer 1.4 billion to the budget this year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3713742-arma-planue-cogoric-pererahuvati-do-budzetu-14-milarda.html
Meta has spent the last stage of dismissal in the company
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3713740-meta-provela-ostannij-etap-zvilnen-u-kompanii.html
Donetsk Oblast(08:11). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46397
2 person wounded as result of Russian shelling in Kharkiv region yesterday
https://t.me/synegubov/6273
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(08:50). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/25148
Sumska Oblast(09:07). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46400
Lavrov: We warn that Western participation in the conflict with Ukraine leads to the risk of ...
https://twitter.com/AJABreaking/status/1661275296648110081
Kerch bridge was closed for traffic for a drill
https://t.me/rian_ru/203550
Sumska Oblast(10:14). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46404
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Khrinivka, Yeline and Hre...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4883
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4891
Secretary of State for Defence of the United Kingdom Ben Wallace has arrived in Ukraine
https://t.me/UkraineNow/33508
Donetsk Oblast(11:16). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46407
Zaporizhzhya region, Kherson, Kherson region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region (11:18). Red Aller ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46410
Kirovohradska Oblast(11:27). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46411
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(11:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46412
Cherkaska Oblast(11:33). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46413
Vinnytska Oblast(11:35). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46414
Khmelnytsky region, Zhytomyr, Zhytomyr region, Kiev, Kiev region (12:00). Red Alrt: Aerial ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46417
Sumska Oblast, Chernihivska Oblast(13:34). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take co...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46430
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(13:37). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/25160
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(15:03). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/25164
Russian Ministry of Defense claimed Russian ship project 18280 Ivan Khurs of Black Sea Fleet ...
https://t.me/rusbrief/119952
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(17:36). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46437
Explosions reported in Beryslav after Russian aviation bombardment with guided bombs
https://t.me/suspilnekherson/26682
Ukraine and the world are against Russian aggression. Sanctions in action
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-sankcziyi-v-diyi-13/
Short. War. Day 454. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/korotko-vijna-den-454-videodajdzhest/
Luxembourg, Luxembourg has collected over 32 million in Ukrainian box office
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3713584-luksemburg-luksemburg-zibrav-ponad-32-miljoni-v-ukrainskomu-prokati.html
In Crimea, the invaders "nationalized" 57 objects
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3713586-u-krimu-zagarbniki-nacionalizuvali-57-obektiv.html
The KMVA assured that the shelters closed for Kyivans during anxiety will not be
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3713587-u-kmva-zapevnili-so-zakritih-dla-kian-ukrittiv-pid-cas-trivogi-ne-bude.html
Japan handed over 100 cars and 30,000 rations for the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713592-aponia-peredala-100-avto-i-30-tisac-pajkiv-dla-zsu.html
In the Zaporozhye direction, the number of Russian soldiers - the mayor of Melitopol increased
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713593-na-zaporizkomu-napramku-zbilsilasa-kilkist-rosijskih-vijskovih-mer-melitopola.html
Germany sends its contingent to the mission of partnership in Moldova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3713595-nimeccina-nadsilae-svij-kontingent-u-moldovu.html
“In general, not very good news. Even there are no armor
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/zagalom-ne-duzhe-horoshi-novyny-navit-blindazhiv-nemaye-perehoplennya-gur-mou/
NATO Summit should bring Ukraine's rapprochement with the Alliance - Marshal Senate RP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3713596-samit-nato-mae-prinesti-zblizenna-ukraini-z-alansom-marsalok-senatu-rp.html
The Ukrainian Basketball Team will hold five matches in preparation for the Olympic pre-qualification
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713598-zbirna-ukraini-z-basketbolu-provede-5-matciv-u-ramkah-pidgotovki-do-olimpijskoi-prekvalifikacii.html
Almost 400,000 displaced persons have registered in Kiev - what help they receive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3713599-u-kievi-zareestruvalisa-majze-400-tisac-pereselenciv-aku-dopomogu-otrimuut.html
Beijing hopes for positive changes in dealing with the US where a new Ambassador of China arrived
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3713600-pekin-spodivaetsa-na-pozitivni-zmini-u-vidnosinah-zi-ssa-kudi-pribuv-novij-posol-kitau.html
The second part of the movie "Ma!" - Novel "Breathe with me"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3713602-u-kievi-prezentuvali-drugu-castinu-kinoalmanahu-ma-novelu-dihaj-zi-mnou.html
More than 6.3 thousand hectares of agricultural land remain flooded in three regions of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3713601-u-troh-oblastah-ukraini-zalisautsa-pidtoplenimi-ponad-63-tisaci-gektariv-silgospugid.html
Odessa got four special vehicles from the US
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3713603-odesina-otrimala-cotiri-specavtomobili-vid-ssa.html
Black Sea beaches closed for bathing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3713606-plazi-cornomorska-zakriti-dla-kupanna.html
New Calendar: The transition period will protect the PCC from the inner split - Helensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3713608-novij-kalendar-perehidnij-period-ubezpecit-pcu-vid-vnutrisnogo-rozkolu-elenskij.html
In Germany, police conducts searches in eco -activists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3713611-u-nimeccini-policia-provodit-obsuki-v-ekoaktivistiv.html
The Khmelnytsky City Council transferred three land plots for the use of PCCU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3713612-hmelnicka-miskrada-peredala-tri-zemelni-dilanki-u-koristuvanna-pcu.html
Latvia will allocate € 2 million for Chernihiv's recovery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3713614-latvia-vidilit-2-miljoni-na-vidnovlenna-cernigova.html
Ukrainian pilots already successfully use Storm Shadow missiles - Reznikov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713615-ukrainski-piloti-vze-uspisno-zastosovuut-raketi-storm-shadow-reznikov.html
Copenhagen with the support of the Ministry of Defense is held charity Ukrainian evenings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3713617-u-kopengageni-za-pidtrimki-minoboroni-prohodat-blagodijni-ukrainski-vecori.html
Near Melitopol, the Russians dug trenches and charge heavy equipment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713620-poblizu-melitopola-rosiani-virili-okopi-ta-staguut-vazku-tehniku.html
UPL: Heather and Alexandria played a draw
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713619-upl-veres-ta-oleksandria-zigrali-vniciu.html
In Dnipro appeared the street of the UPA Heroes and the Guardian Sky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3713623-u-dnipri-zavilas-vulica-geroiv-upa-ta-vartovih-neba.html
Switzerland will sell Germany 25 tanks Leopard 2 - Ukraine will be able to get more weapons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713625-svejcaria-prodast-nimeccini-25-tankiv-leopard-2-ukraina-zmoze-otrimati-bilse-zbroi.html
Due to the polluted explosives of the territory in the risk zone are 6.1 million people - the Ministry of Economy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/cherez-zabrudneni-vybuhivkoyu-terytoriyi-v-zoni-ryzyku-perebuvayut-61-mln-lyudej-minekonomiky/
Nadal will not play at Wimbledon-2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713626-nadal-ne-zigrae-na-vimbldoni2023.html
Abu Dhabi took place a large-scale cultural event dedicated to Ukrainian embroidery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3713550-v-abudabi-vidbuvsa-masstabnij-kulturnij-zahid-prisvacenij-ukrainskij-visivci.html
Nikolaev alumina plant is preparing to restore work - Kim
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3713627-mikolaivskij-glinozemnij-zavod-gotuetsa-vidnoviti-robotu-kim.html
The "nationalization" of Ukrainian property in Crimea has no legal force - the presidential representation in the ARC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3713629-nacionalizacia-ukrainskogo-majna-u-krimu-ne-mae-uridicnoi-sili-predstavnictvo-prezidenta-v-ark.html
Zaluzhny's fake death: Danilov told about the meetings and "winked" to the Hates
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713628-fejkova-smert-zaluznogo-danilov-rozpoviv-pro-zasidanna-stavki-ta-pidmorgnuv-hejteram.html
The Russian Air Bank has destroyed the kindergarten in Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713630-rosijska-aviabomba-zrujnuvala-ditacij-sadok-na-sumsini.html
Dmytro Kuleba met with the leadership of the African Union
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3713632-dmitro-kuleba-zustrivsa-z-kerivnictvom-afrikanskogo-souzu.html
There is no loss in volunteer formations that entered the Belgorod region - the RDC commander
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713635-u-dobrovolcih-formuvan-aki-zajsli-dnami-do-belgorodskoi-oblasti-vtrat-nemae-komandir-rdk.html
Xi Jinping has promised Russia's support for China in matters concerning its basic interests
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3713640-si-czinpin-poobicav-rosii-pidtrimku-kitau-v-pitannah-so-stosuutsa-ii-osnovnih-interesiv.html
Yastremskaya made his way to the final round of Rolan Harros qualification
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713638-astremska-probilas-do-finalnogo-raundu-kvalifikacii-rolan-garros.html
RDC and Legion "Freedom of Russia" entered the Belgorod region for more than 40 kilometers deep
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713639-rdk-ta-legion-svoboda-rosii-zajsli-u-belgorodsku-oblast-bils-ak-na-40-kilometriv-uglib.html
The Ministry of Deviation and the EIB start selection of reconstruction projects
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3713642-minvidnovlenna-ta-eib-rozpocinaut-vidbir-proektiv-z-vidbudovi.html
Yusov: Creating a PVC in Crimea is preparation for a possible evacuation scenario "VIP-Person"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3713643-usov-stvorenna-pvk-v-krimu-ce-pidgotovka-do-mozlivogo-scenariu-evakuacii-vipperson.html
Germany should help Ukraine and take care of its own army - Pistorius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3713646-nimeccina-mae-dopomogti-ukraini-ta-podbati-pro-vlasnu-armiu-pistorius.html
Legion "Freedom of Russia": If we set a deeper goal, could reach Belgorod
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713647-vijska-rf-kilka-godin-buli-rozgubleni-ta-ne-mogli-ciniti-sprotiv-legion-svoboda-rosii.html
In the Virgin Mary in Donetsk, the bodies of dead local residents have been exhumed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/u-bogorodychnomu-na-donechchyni-eksgumovano-tila-zagyblyh-misczevyh-meshkancziv/
There are 29 foreign vessels in the Nikolaev ports since the beginning of the war - Kim
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3713651-u-mikolaivskih-portah-z-pocatku-vijni-perebuvaut-29-inozemnih-suden-kim.html
Jarilgach became a fully militarized zone - local government
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3713652-dzarilgac-stav-povnistu-militarizovanou-zonou-misceva-vlada.html
Heavy weapons for Ukraine and pilots training: Stefanchuk met with Moravtsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3713662-vazke-ozbroenna-dla-ukraini-i-navcanna-pilotiv-stefancuk-zustrivsa-z-moraveckim.html
The Bukovina completes the arrangement of six siltering for displaced persons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3713656-na-bukovini-zaversuut-oblastuvanna-sesti-selteriv-dla-pereselenciv.html
The national team of Ukraine learned the following rivals in Billy Cup Gin King
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713655-zbirna-ukraini-diznalasa-nastupnih-supernic-u-kubku-billi-dzin-king.html
Netflix banned users for free share accounts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3713657-netflix-zaboroniv-koristuvacam-bezkostovno-dilitisa-akauntami.html
Gutzait: International Judo Federation did all the opposite recommendations of the Olympic Committee
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713659-gutcajt-miznarodna-federacia-dzudo-zrobila-vse-navpaki-rekomendaciam-olimpijskogo-komitetu.html
As SBU Special Forces Droam-Kamikadze destroy the heavy equipment of the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713660-ak-specpriznacenci-sbu-dronamikamikadze-znisuut-vazku-tehniku-rosian.html
Krutykh completed the struggle in the selection grid of the Open Championship of France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713663-krutih-zaversiv-borotbu-u-vidbirkovij-sitci-vidkritogo-cempionatu-francii.html
Rape at the Kagarlytsky Police Department: Experts were sentenced to 11 years in the lattice
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3713664-zgvaltuvanna-u-kagarlickomu-viddilku-policii-ekspravoohoronciv-zasudili-do-11-rokiv-za-gratami.html
In the Luhansk region, the Russians increased the number of checkpoints and make barriers - ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3713671-na-lugansini-rosiani-zbilsili-kilkist-blokpostiv-ta-roblat-zagorodzuvalni-rovi-ova.html
Painter - about the situation around Bakhmut: Ukrainian troops manage to move gradually
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713666-malar-pro-situaciu-navkolo-bahmuta-ukrainskim-vijskam-vdaetsa-potrohu-prosuvatis.html
Netherlands want to start training Ukrainian pilots quickly on F-16
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713669-niderlandi-hocut-svidko-rozpocati-navcanna-ukrainskih-pilotiv-na-f16.html
Japanese writer Haruki Murakami received the literary prize of the Spanish Princess of Asturian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3713670-aponskij-pismennik-haruki-murakami-otrimav-literaturnu-premiu-ispanskoi-princesi-asturijskoi.html
In Luhansk region border guards destroyed Russian drone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713673-na-lugansini-prikordonniki-znisili-rosijskij-bezpilotnik.html
NATO's accession can be the best security guarantee for Ukraine, but after the war - Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3713674-vstup-do-nato-moze-stati-najkrasou-garantieu-bezpeki-dla-ukraini-ale-pisla-vijni-stoltenberg.html
UPL: Shakhtar defeated Zorya
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713676-upl-sahtar-peremig-zoru.html
Shmigal called five priorities in preparation for the new school year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3713675-smigal-nazvav-pat-prioritetiv-u-pidgotovci-do-novogo-navcalnogo-roku.html
In the accident suspected of a road accident, the deputy of the Kyiv City Council seized the rights for two months
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3713678-u-pidozruvanoi-v-dtp-deputatki-kiivradi-na-dva-misaci-vilucili-prava.html
Virgin Orbit will stop activity after selling assets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3713679-virgin-orbit-pripinit-dialnist-pisla-prodazu-aktiviv.html
We count on the help of UN pyrotechnic units - Yulia Sviridenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/my-rozrahovuyemo-na-dopomogu-pirotehnichnyh-pidrozdiliv-oon-yuliya-svyrydenko/
In Russia, the developer of hypersonic missiles was accused of transferring secret data to China - Reuters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3713680-u-rosii-rozrobnika-giperzvukovih-raket-zvinuvatili-u-peredaci-sekretnih-danih-kitau-reuters.html
Vashchuk: I have already gone on the task
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713681-vasuk-a-vze-viizdzav-na-zavdanna.html
From Langeron to 16 of the Great Fountain Station: Odessa beaches are prepared for partial access
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3713684-vid-lanzerona-do-16-stancii-velikogo-fontanu-odeski-plazi-gotuut-do-castkovogo-dostupu.html
Gur: Putin and Prigogine head a list of people who want to eliminate Ukrainian special services
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713685-ukrainski-specsluzbi-poki-ne-vbili-putina-bo-vin-perehovuetsa-skibickij.html
In the Nikolaev area, because of the accident on the power grid, 58 settlements are de -adjacent
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3713682-na-mikolaivsini-cerez-avariu-na-energomerezi-znestrumleni-58-naselenih-punktiv.html
Front Situation: 23 collisions per day, the Armed Forces destroyed four "important goals"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713687-situacia-na-fronti-23-zitknenna-za-dobu-zsu-znisili-cotiri-vazlivi-cili-voroga.html
The Ministerus summarized the activity of the Action. Business.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3713688-mincifri-pidsumuvalo-dialnist-proektu-diabiznes-za-dva-roki.html
National Guards showed how to defend Bigorivka - outpost of Luhansk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713692-nacgvardijci-pokazali-ak-oboronaut-bilogorivku-forpost-lugansini.html
In Truskavets - an exhibition of puppet "Ukrainian Dance" based on the works of artist Bilas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3713693-u-truskavci-vistavka-lalok-ukrainskij-tanok-za-motivami-robit-hudoznika-bilasa.html
The Kickboxing national team has won 10 medals on the World Cup-2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713696-zbirna-ukraini-z-kikboksingu-zdobula-10-medalej-na-kubku-svitu2023.html
Tkachenko - About the new church calendar: most Ukrainians are ready to transfer dates
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3713698-tkacenko-pro-novij-cerkovnij-kalendar-bilsist-ukrainciv-gotovi-do-perenesenna-dat.html
Training of Ukrainian pilots opens the way to supply Ukraine F-16-Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713701-trenuvanna-ukrainskih-pilotiv-vidkrivae-slah-dla-postacanna-ukraini-f16-stoltenberg.html
Transition Framework - Regulatory Basis for Reintegration of Liberated Territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/ramkovyj-zakon-pro-perehidnyj-period-normatyvna-osnova-dlya-reintegracziyi-zvilnenyh-terytorij/
Britain in the OSCE criticized the false "aspiration" of Russia for dialogue
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3713708-britania-v-obse-rozkritikuvala-brehlive-pragnenna-rosii-do-dialogu.html
The schedule
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703504-zbirni-ukraini-z-volejbolu-zigraut-u-zolotij-evrolizi2023.html
Tkachenko invited representatives of telegrams to meet the ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3713709-tkacenko-zaprosiv-predstavnikiv-telegramkanaliv-na-zustric-u-ministerstvo.html
Bakhmut's offensive became a meat grinder for Russia - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713714-nastup-na-bahmut-stav-dla-rosii-masorubkou-bilij-dim.html
The Slovak Government will support Ukraine - Shmigal has spoken with the new prime minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3713711-urad-slovaccini-pidtrimuvatime-ukrainu-smigal-pogovoriv-iz-novim-premerom.html
Konashevich-Sahaidachny can bring to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3713713-v-ukrainu-mozut-privezti-mec-konasevicasagajdacnogo.html
Ukraine is predicted Thursday with rains, warms up to +26 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3713613-ukraini-prognozuut-cetver-z-dosami-progrie-do-26.html
In Belarus, a unit for counteracting DRGs all over the border line was created
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3713718-u-bilorusi-stvorili-pidrozdil-dla-protidii-drg-po-vsij-linii-kordonu.html
Determined Svitolina's rival in 1/4 of WTA tournament in France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713721-viznacilasa-supernica-svitolinoi-v-14-finalu-turniru-wta-u-francii.html
Discussions with Ukraine on the future security model continue - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3713723-diskusii-z-ukrainou-sodo-majbutnoi-modeli-bezpeki-trivaut-bilij-dim.html
"Kiev warehouse": in the center of the capital opened the forty minisculture of the project "Search!"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3713725-kiivska-skladanka-u-centri-stolici-vidkrili-sorokovu-miniskulpturu-proektu-sukaj.html
In Mariupol a loud explosion - Andryushchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3713726-u-mariupoli-prolunav-gucnij-vibuh-andrusenko.html
The enemy fired Tokmak in Zaporozhye to blame the Armed Forces - a painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713728-vorog-obstrilav-tokmak-na-zaporizzi-sob-zvinuvatiti-zsu-malar.html
The White House studies reports on the possible use of US weapons in the territory of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713730-bilij-dim-vivcae-povidomlenna-pro-mozlive-vikoristanna-ozbroen-ssa-na-teritorii-rosii.html
Defense forces destroyed enemy Ka-52 and four drones-Kamikadze
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/syly-oborony-znyshhyly-vorozhyj-ka-52-ta-chotyry-drony-kamikadze/
Yermak about the start of Ukrainian pilots training on F-16: it is about days, maximum weeks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713733-ermak-pro-pocatok-trenuvanna-ukrainskih-pilotiv-na-f16-jdetsa-pro-dni-maksimum-tizni.html
The Czech Republic buys 246 caterpillars CV90 infantry fighting vehicles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3713734-cehia-kupue-246-gusenicnih-bojovih-masin-pihoti-cv90.html
Ukraine in the OSCE: Without modern fighter air shields will be defective
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713735-ukraina-v-obse-bez-sucasnih-vinisuvaciv-povitranij-sit-bude-nepovnocinnim.html
New York showed a movie about the first months of the Russian Federation against Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3713739-u-nujorku-pokazali-film-pro-persi-misaci-povnomasstabnoi-vijni-rf-proti-ukraini.html
Meta has spent the last stage of dismissal in the company
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3713740-meta-provela-ostannij-etap-zvilnen-u-kompanii.html
ARMA plans to transfer 1.4 billion to the budget this year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3713742-arma-planue-cogoric-pererahuvati-do-budzetu-14-milarda.html
Ukrainians have completed a speech on the 2023 Table Tennis
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713743-ukrainci-dostrokovo-zaversili-vistup-na-cs2023-z-nastilnogo-tenisu.html
The case of theft of funds at Dovzhenko's film studio was sent to court
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3713745-spravu-pro-rozkradanna-kostiv-na-kinostudii-dovzenka-skeruvali-do-sudu.html
Norway will help teach Ukrainian pilots to manage F-16
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713746-norvegia-dopomoze-navcati-ukrainskih-pilotiv-keruvati-f16.html
Using US assistance must comply with US laws and requirements - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713748-vikoristanna-dopomogi-ssa-mae-vidpovidati-amerikanskim-zakonam-ta-vimogam-derzdep.html
In Ukraine, more than 400,000 people die from cardiovascular disease every year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3713749-v-ukraini-soroku-ponad-400-tisac-osib-pomiraut-vid-sercevosudinnih-zahvoruvan.html
26 combat clashes occurred in 5 directions - the General Staff of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/26-bojovyh-zitknen-vidbulosya-za-dobu-na-5-napryamkah-genshtab-zsu/
Sholtz promises to support municipalities who accept Ukrainian refugees
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3713750-solc-obicae-pidtrimku-municipalitetam-aki-prijmaut-ukrainskih-bizenciv.html
Ukrainian F -16 will be a signal from the world that Russia will only lose - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713752-ukrainskij-f16-stane-signalom-vid-svitu-so-rosia-lise-vtracatime-zelenskij.html
Tina Tin Tin died died
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3713758-pomerla-koroleva-roknrolu-tina-terner.html
Lenovo reduced 5% of the total number of jobs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3713753-lenovo-skorotila-5-vid-zagalnoi-kilkosti-robocih-misc.html
Real won the Rayo Vallekano in the Space Laiga match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713756-real-peremig-rajo-valekano-u-matci-ispanskoi-la-ligi.html
Legion "Freedom of Russia" during surgery in the Belgorod region lost two fighters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713759-legion-svoboda-rosii-pid-cas-operacii-v-belgorodskij-oblasti-vtrativ-dvoh-bijciv.html
Under Bakhmut the champion of Ukraine in boxing Alexander Onishchenko was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713760-pid-bahmutom-zaginuv-cempion-ukraini-z-boksu-oleksandr-onisenko.html
President: Our protection is improving faster than Russia has time to change tactics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713761-prezident-nas-zahist-udoskonaluetsa-svidse-niz-rosia-vstigae-zminuvati-taktiku.html
Prison terms received three more online agents of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3713699-turemni-stroki-otrimali-se-tri-internetagenti-rf.html
Zelensky turned to the people of Iran: you must be on the other side of history - not with evil
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3713762-zelenskij-zvernuvsa-do-narodu-iranu-vi-maete-buti-na-insomu-boci-istorii-ne-zi-zlom.html
Florida Governor Airborne Officially announced participation in the presidential election
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3713764-gubernator-floridi-desantis-oficijno-ogolosiv-pro-ucast-u-prezidentskih-viborah.html
AEK became the winner
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713766-aek-stav-volodarem-kubka-grecii-z-futbolu-obigravsi-paok.html
The invaders do not stop aviation and artudaries on civil infrastructure - the GS of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/okupanty-ne-prypynyayut-aviaczijnyh-ta-artudariv-po-czyvilnij-infrastrukturi-gsh-zsu/
NATO expects Georgia to comply with international sanctions against Russia - Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3713767-nato-ocikue-vid-gruzii-dotrimanna-miznarodnih-sankcij-proti-rosii-stoltenberg.html
The State Department is concerned about the meeting of the UN Secretary General with Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3713770-derzdep-sturbovanij-zustriccu-predstavnici-genseka-oon-zi-lvovoubelovou.html
Japanese researchers are the first in the world completely sequennated the fungus gene
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3713572-aponski-doslidniki-persimi-u-sviti-povnistu-sekvenuvali-genom-griba.html
The topic of Ukraine will become one of the top questions at Baiden and Fashion Meeting - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3713774-tema-ukraini-stane-odnim-iz-toppitan-na-zustrici-bajdena-j-modi-derzdep.html
"Inter" protected the title by breaking "Fiorentine" in the Italy Cup finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713777-inter-zahistiv-titul-obigravsi-fiorentinu-u-finali-kubka-italii.html
Russians removed mobile communication equipment from Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/rosiyany-vyvezly-obladnannya-mobilnogo-zvyazku-z-hersonshhyny/
A multiple increase in the number of displaced persons do not predict - Irina Vereshchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/kratnogo-zbilshennya-kilkosti-pereselencziv-ne-prognozuyemo-iryna-vereshhuk/
The Netherlands allocate 260 million euros for ammunition for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/niderlandy-vydilyayut-260-mln-yevro-na-zakupivlyu-boyeprypasiv-dlya-ukrayiny/
Minus 400 invaders, 21 artsystem and 7 drones: daily losses of Russian Federation in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/minus-400-okupantiv-21-artsystema-ta-7-bezpilotnykiv-dobovi-vtraty-rf-v-ukrayini/
Germany handed Ukraine a new military assistance package to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/nimechchyna-peredala-ukrayini-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-3/
Civilian prisoners of Ukrainian citizens of Ukraine should be returned without any conditions - the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/czyvilnyh-polonenyh-gromadyan-ukrayiny-rf-maye-povernuty-bez-zhodnyh-umov-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
The heads of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine and the USA discussed the preparation for the next meeting in Ramstein format
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/glavy-minoborony-ukrayiny-ta-ssha-obgovoryly-pidgotovku-do-nastupnoyi-zustrichi-u-formati-ramshtajn/
Ukrainian rescuers reported on departures for combat fires
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/ukrayinski-ryatuvalnyky-vidzvituvaly-pro-vyyizdy-na-bojovi-pozhezhi-2/
Paratroopers landed Russian plywood "state-of-the-art" scorp
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/desantnyky-pryzemlyly-rosijskyj-fanernyj-nadsuchasnyj-bpla-rozvidnyk/
Alexei Reznikov met with the Minister of Defense of the United Kingdom in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/oleksij-reznikov-zustrivsya-z-ministrom-oborony-velykoyi-brytaniyi-v-kyyevi/
Josep Borrel: EU handed over 220,000 shells and 1300 missiles to Ukraine. This is only the first stage of supply of shells
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/zhozep-borrel-yes-peredav-ukrayini-220-tysyach-snaryadiv-i-1300-raket-cze-lyshe-pershyj-etap-postachannya-snaryadiv/
The first two miners of the Naval Coalition is already under the Ukrainian flag - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/pershi-dva-minni-tralshhyky-v-ramkah-naval-coalition-uzhe-pid-ukrayinskym-praporom-oleksij-reznikov/
Ukraine already has the number of weapons required for the counter -offensive - Kirill Budanov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/ukrayina-vzhe-maye-neobhidnu-dlya-kontrnastupu-kilkist-zbroyi-kyrylo-budanov/
Putin must realize that he will not be able to win in this war - the Minister of Defense of the United Kingdom
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/putin-maye-usvidomyty-shho-vin-ne-zmozhe-peremogty-u-czij-vijni-ministr-oborony-velykoyi-brytaniyi/
NATO Secretary General called EU Defense Ministers to strengthen Ukraine's support
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/gensek-nato-zaklykav-ministriv-oborony-krayin-yes-posylyty-pidtrymku-ukrayiny/
Alexei Reznikov and Ben Wallace discussed the continuation of Ukrainian military training in the UK
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/oleksij-reznikov-ta-ben-volles-obgovoryly-pytannya-prodovzhennya-pidgotovky-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-u-velykij-brytaniyi/
Ukraine and the United Kingdom continue dialogue to giving a long -haired weapon
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/ukrayina-i-velyka-brytaniya-prodovzhuyut-dialog-shhodo-nadannya-zbroyi-dalnogo-urazhennya/
44 aircraft bombs were neutralized per day of Pyrotechnics of SESS
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-44-aviaczijni-bomby/
Ukraine's right to self -defense, which was given to the UN Charter, is undeniable - Ben Wallace
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/pravo-ukrayiny-na-samooboronu-yake-yij-nadano-statutom-oon-ye-bezzaperechnym-ben-volles/
During the day, Russia fired 129 settlements of Ukraine, among civilians is the dead
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/za-dobu-rosiya-obstrilyala-129-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-sered-czyvilnogo-naselennya-ye-zagybli/
Britain's leadership in support of Ukraine has always given us an advantage on the battlefield - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/liderstvo-brytaniyi-u-pidtrymczi-ukrayiny-zavzhdy-nadavalo-nam-perevagu-na-poli-boyu-oleksij-reznikov/
Centers of vitality are created in the territorial communities of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/u-terytorialnyh-gromadah-ukrayiny-stvoryuyutsya-czentry-zhyttyestijkosti/
Started advanced training for combat officers of the forces of TRI
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/startuvav-kurs-pidvyshhennya-kvalifikacziyi-dlya-bojovyh-oficzeriv-syl-tro/
1000 special backpacks for Ukrainian soldiers who have lost their limbs and are preparing for prosthetics have been packed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/spakovano-vzhe-1000-speczialnyh-ryukzakiv-dlya-ukrayinskyh-voyiniv-yaki-vtratyly-kinczivky-j-gotuyutsya-do-protezuvannya/
May 25 at Military Media Center will take place a briefing on the transformation of the military education system
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/25-travnya-u-military-media-center-vidbudetsya-bryfing-shhodo-transformacziyi-systemy-vijskovoyi-osvity/
Poland is ready to teach Ukrainian pilots on F-16 fighters-Minister of Defense of the Country
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/polshha-gotova-navchaty-ukrayinskyh-pilotiv-na-vynyshhuvachah-f-16-ministr-oborony-krayiny/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 89 thousand war crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-89-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
The first in history medal for Ukraine: Army Olga Sopit won gold for euro for fencing U23
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/persha-v-istoriyi-medal-dlya-ukrayiny-armijka-olga-sopit-zdobula-zoloto-na-yevro-z-fehtuvannya-u23/
The occupiers again stole artifacts from the Crimean museums - expert Evelyn Kravchenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/okupanty-znovu-vykradayut-artefakty-z-muzeyiv-krymu-ekspertka-evelina-kravchenko/
The Navy told how many rocket carriers keep Russia in the Black and Mediterranean Seas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/u-vms-rozpovily-skilky-raketonosiyiv-trymaye-rosiya-u-chornomu-ta-seredzemnomu-moryah/
At the Chief Commander -in -Chief, the development of Ukrainian aviation was discussed taking into account the transition to new types of aircraft
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/na-stavczi-verhovnogo-golovnokomanduvacha-obgovoryly-rozvytok-ukrayinskoyi-aviacziyi-z-urahuvannyam-perehodu-na-novi-typy-litakiv/
In Donetsk, through shelling, 14 settlements have been deactivated
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/na-donechchyni-cherez-obstril-znestrumleni-14-naselenyh-punktiv/
The world of generation of our parents is the inheritance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/myr-pokolinnya-nashyh-batkiv-cze-myr-yakyj-yim-zalyshyly-v-spadok-ti-hto-peremig-peredostannyu-velyku-agresiyu-v-yevropi-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
In Zhytomyr region, the rights of the state were renewed on the land of 3200 ha of defense of 3200 hectares
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/na-zhytomyrshhyni-ponovleno-prava-derzhavy-na-zemli-oborony-ploshheyu-3200-ga/
The coordination headquarters told how to search for missing defenses
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-rozpovily-yak-vidbuvayetsya-poshuk-znyklyh-bezvisty-oboroncziv/
The occupiers use the territory of Zaporizhzhya NPP as a military base - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/okupanty-prodovzhuyut-militaryzacziyu-terytoriyi-zaes/
On May 25 there will be a briefing of representative of the National University of Defense of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/25-travnya-vidbudetsya-bryfing-predstavnyka-naczionalnogo-universytetu-oborony-ukrayiny/
We are waiting for clear and strong decisions from NATO: Andrey Shevchenko met with the Atlantic Council delegation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/my-chekayemo-chitkyh-i-sylnyh-rishen-vid-nato-andrij-shevchenko-zustrivsya-z-delegacziyeyu-atlantychnoyi-rady/
The situation in the Belgorod region can cause a chain reaction - a representative of GUR of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/sytuacziya-na-bilgorodshhyni-mozhe-sprychynyty-lanczyugovu-reakcziyu-predstavnyk-gur-mo-ukrayiny/
The army of the Russian Federation fired at mortars and artillery of the territory of the border of Sumy region and Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/armiya-rf-obstrilyala-z-minometiv-ta-artyleriyi-terytoriyi-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-i-chernigivshhyny/
NATO headquarters opened a photo exhibition "Childhood under fire-adulthood in Ukraine today"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/u-shtab-kvartyri-nato-vidkrylasya-fotovystavka-dytynstvo-pid-vognem-doroslishannya-v-ukrayini-sogodni/
Ukrainian military in the United Kingdom learns to repair the M270 RSZV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/ukrayinski-vijskovi-u-velykij-brytaniyi-vchatsya-remontuvaty-rszv-m270/
An electronic queue for the passage of VLK was launched in eight cities of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/elektronnu-chergu-dlya-prohodzhennya-vlk-zapustyly-shhe-u-vosmy-mistah-ukrayiny/
Only 197 children in Crimea study in their native language
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/lyshe-197-ditej-u-krymu-navchayutsya-ridnoyu-movoyu/
He shot unarmed civilian during Irpen's occupation: the Russian officer will be tried
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/rozstrilyav-bezzbrojnogo-czyvilnogo-pid-chas-okupacziyi-irpenya-sudytymut-oficzera-rf/
Events in Belgorod region will not affect the security situation in Ukraine - Alexei Danilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/podiyi-na-byelgorodshhyni-ne-vplynut-na-bezpekovu-sytuacziyu-v-ukrayini-oleksij-danilov/
Today, Ukraine is intercepting the enemy's strategic initiative - Petro Chernik
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/sogodni-ukrayina-za-faktom-perehoplyuye-strategichnu-inicziatyvu-protyvnyka-petro-chernyk/
Copenhagen with the support of the Ministry of Defense is held charity Ukrainian evenings
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/u-kopengageni-za-pidtrymky-minoborony-prohodyat-blagodijni-ukrayinski-vechory/
President awarded 135 Ukrainian defenders and defenders with orders and medals
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/prezydent-nagorodyv-ordenamy-j-medalyamy-135-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv/
Currently, more than 370,000 people live in de -enrolled settlements
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/narazi-v-deokupovanyh-naselenyh-punktah-prozhyvaye-oriyentovno-ponad-370-tysyach-lyudej/
Japan transmits 100 cars for the needs of Ukraine's defense forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/yaponiya-peredaye-dlya-potreb-syl-oborony-ukrayiny-100-avtomobiliv/
The informant was detained who passed the coordinates of the Ukrainian forces of the enemy's defense forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/zatrymano-informatora-yakyj-peredavav-koordynaty-ukrayinskyh-syl-oborony-vorogu/
Specialists of the Center for Special Operations "A" of the Security Service held another series of blows on the occupiers with the help of drones-Kamikadze
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/u-toreczku-zatrymano-rosijskogo-agenta-yakyj-zlyvav-pozycziyi-syl-oborony/
Our troops manage to move gradually in Bakhmut - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/nashym-vijskam-vdayetsya-potrohu-prosuvatys-u-bahmuti-ganna-malyar/
On the five hot front, there were 23 fighting collisions during the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/na-pyaty-najgaryachishyh-napryamkah-frontu-protyagom-doby-vidbulosya-23-bojovyh-zitknennya/
In the Donetsk region and Luhansk region, hostile attacks had no success - the General Staff
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/na-donechchyni-ta-luganshhyni-vorozhi-ataky-uspihu-ne-maly-genshtab/
An anti -Ukrainian religious blogger was detained in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/u-kyyevi-zatrymano-antyukrayinskogo-religijnogo-blogera/
Units of missile troops and artillery of defense forces per day struck 14 different enemy goals
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/pidrozdily-raketnyh-vijsk-i-artyleriyi-syl-oborony-za-dobu-urazyly-14-riznomanitnyh-vorozhyh-czilej/
We urge partners to strengthen Ukraine's support in the restoration of telecom infrastructure-Yuri Shchigol
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/zaklykayemo-partneriv-posylyty-pidtrymku-ukrayiny-u-vidnovlenni-telekom-infrastruktury-yurij-shhygol/
The occupier tells his woman how he shot prisoners of Ukrainians - intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/okupant-rozpovidaye-svoyij-zhinczi-yak-rozstrilyuvav-polonenyh-ukrayincziv-perehoplennya-gur/
Oleksandr Pavlyuk checked the work of the coordination center of monitoring the state of mine safety
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/oleksandr-pavlyuk-pereviryv-robotu-koordynaczijnogo-czentru-monitoryngu-stanu-minnoyi-bezpeky/
Anna Malyar: The enemy fired at tot for provocation, trying to issue shelling for the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/ganna-malyar-vorog-obstrilyuye-tot-z-metoyu-provokacziyi-namagayuchys-vydaty-obstrily-za-diyi-zsu/
During surgery, the Legion "Freedom of Russia" and RDCs released more than 50 square kilometers of Belgorod region from the Putin regime
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/pid-chas-operacziyi-legion-svoboda-rossyy-ta-rdk-zvilnyly-vid-putinskogo-rezhymu-ponad-50-kvadratnyh-kilometriv-byelgorodshhyny/
Today Anna Malyar has performed at the largest safety conference in Europe
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/sogodni-ganna-malyar-vystupyla-na-najbilshij-konferencziyi-z-bezpeky-u-yevropi/
The CEO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/generalnomu-dyrektoru-rosijskoyi-aviakompaniyi-zagrozhuye-15-rokiv-za-spivuchast-u-zlochyni-proty-ukrayiny/
Mine-search dogs of the Armed Forces of Ukraine help to exchange Kharkiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/minno-poshukovi-sobaky-syl-pidtrymky-zsu-dopomagayut-rozminovuvaty-harkivshhynu/
The first Ukrainian F-16 will become one of the strongest signals from the world that Russia will only lose-President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/pershyj-zhe-ukrayinskyj-f-16-stane-odnym-iz-najsylnishyh-sygnaliv-vid-svitu-shho-rosiya-lyshe-vtrachatyme-prezydent/
The Russian tank has reached Berlin and the Netherlands - as a museum exhibit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/rosijskyj-tank-doyihav-berlinu-ta-niderlandiv-yak-muzejnyj-eksponat/
The enormous path of vaccination against Russian info. We learned to distinguish and feel even between the lines their insidiousness - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/projdeno-kolosalnyj-shlyah-shheplennya-vid-rosijskyh-info-vkydiv-my-navchylys-vyriznyaty-ta-vidchuvaty-navit-mizh-ryadkiv-yih-pidstupnist-ganna-malyar/
The Netherlands seek to accelerate the process of teaching Ukrainian pilots on F-16 fighters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/niderlandy-pragnut-pryskoryty-proczes-navchannya-ukrayinskyh-pilotiv-na-vynyshhuvachah-f-16/
“We need to understand that the transmission of weapons is a complex process” - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/treba-rozumity-shho-peredacha-ozbroyennya-cze-skladnyj-proczes-ganna-malyar/
"What is the cheapest in Russia is the life of people with whom they do not count at all" - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/te-shho-v-rosiyi-najdeshevshe-cze-zhyttya-lyudej-z-yakymy-vony-vzagali-ne-rahuyutsya-ganna-malyar/
We are fighting against evil - Legion "Freedom of Russia" and RDC
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/my-voyuyemo-proty-zla-legion-svoboda-rossyy-ta-rdk/
Bakhmut's defense continues since the summer last year and now has success
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/oborona-bahmuta-tryvaye-z-lita-mynulogo-roku-i-zaraz-vpershe-maye-uspih/
Short. War. Day 455. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/24/korotko-vijna-den-455-videodajdzhest/
Russians for a day 23 times fired at Sumy Region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713779-rosiani-za-den-23-razi-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
APL. Macester City lost points in Brighton
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713778-apl-macester-siti-vtrativ-ocki-u-brajtoni.html
Ukraine is spreading air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713775-u-kievi-ta-troh-oblastah-povitrana-trivoga.html
Ukraine is spreading air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713775-u-kievi-ta-troh-oblastah-povitrana-trivoga.html
APL. Macester City lost points in Brighton
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3713778-apl-macester-siti-vtrativ-ocki-u-brajtoni.html
Russians for a day 23 times fired at Sumy Region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713779-rosiani-za-den-23-razi-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
The air defense is working in the Kyiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3713781-na-kiivsini-pracue-ppo.html
Canada and Saudi Arabia have restored full -fledged diploma
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3713782-kanada-ta-saudivska-aravia-vidnovili-povnocinni-dipvidnosini.html
In Moscow, they report smoke near the Defense Ministry building
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3713783-u-moskvi-povidomlaut-pro-zadimlenna-bila-budivli-minoboroni.html
International Support: The key factor of victory on the legal front is Andrey Kostin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/mizhnarodna-pidtrymka-klyuchovyj-faktor-peremogy-na-pravovomu-fronti-andrij-kostin/
Foreign states should take measures to protect their citizens in the occupied territories of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/inozemni-derzhavy-mayut-vzhyty-zahodiv-dlya-zahystu-svoyih-gromadyan-na-okupovanyh-terytoriyah-ukrayiny/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====