乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-15

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

A law that continues temporary protection for Ukrainian citizens has been published in Poland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/u-polshhi-opublikovano-zakon-yakyj-prodovzhuye-tymchasovyj-zahyst-dlya-gromadyan-ukrayiny/
Ministry of Veterans presented to German partners the projects of cooperation in the field of housing of war veterans and members of families of fallen defenders and defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/minveteraniv-prezentuvalo-nimeczkym-partneram-proyekty-spivpraczi-u-sferi-zabezpechennya-zhytlom-veteraniv-vijny-i-chleniv-rodyn-zagyblyh-zahysnykiv-ta-zahysnycz/
The serviceman asks his wife to contact the military prosecutor's office of the Russian Federation - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/vijskovosluzhbovecz-prosyt-druzhynu-zvernutys-do-vijskovoyi-prokuratury-rf-perehoplennya-gur/
The United Kingdom announced a military assistance package to strengthen Ukraine's air defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/velyka-brytaniya-anonsuvala-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-dlya-posylennya-ppo-ukrayiny/
In Zaporozhye, the movement of Russian automobile columns with looted property of Ukrainians - the General Staff
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/na-zaporizhzhi-zafiksovano-ruh-rosijskyh-avtomobilnyh-kolon-z-nagrabovanym-majnom-ukrayincziv-genshtab/
Defense forces per day eliminated nearly 700 invaders, destroyed 8 tanks and 17 artsystems
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-700-okupantiv-znyshhyly-8-tankiv-i-17-artsystem/
The enemy hit Odessa 4 "calibers": three people were killed and 13 were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/vorog-vdaryv-po-odesi-4-kalibramy-try-osoby-zagynulo-i-13-otrymaly-poranennya/
12 goals were shot down at night: 3 caliber missiles and 9 Shahd-136/131
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/sylamy-ppo-vnochi-zbyto-12-czilej-3-rakety-kalibr-i-9-shahed-136-131/
The Armed Forces continue to conduct offensive operations and have partial success - Andriy Kovalev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/zsu-prodovzhuyut-vedennya-nastupalnyh-operaczij-ta-mayut-chastkovyj-uspih-andrij-kovalov/
State Department for Kakhovka Hydroelectric Person: We absolutely trust Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/derzhdep-pro-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-my-absolyutno-doviryayemo-ukrayini/
"What we need": Alexei Reznikov thanked the US for a new military assistance package
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/te-shho-nam-potribno-oleksij-reznikov-podyakuvav-ssha-za-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy/
Wildness against civilization: Anna Malyar on the difference between Russian information from Ukrainian
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/dykist-proty-czyvilizovanosti-ganna-malyar-pro-vidminnist-informacziyi-z-rf-vid-ukrayinskoyi/
Historical solution: Luxembourg Parliament recognized the Holodomor with the genocide of the Ukrainian people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/istorychne-rishennya-parlament-lyuksemburgu-vyznav-golodomor-genoczydom-ukrayinskogo-narodu/
There are 3103 dwellings in Kherson region underwater
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/na-hersonshhyni-pid-vodoyu-zalyshayutsya-3103-zhytlovi-budynky/
Ukrainian pyrotechnics per day were neutralized by more than 600 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/ukrayinski-pirotehniky-za-dobu-zneshkodyly-ponad-600-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
In Kharkiv, combatants will be able to get an interest -free loan for housing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/u-harkovi-uchasnyky-bojovyh-dij-zmozhut-otrymaty-bezvidsotkovyj-kredyt-na-zhytlo/
The government has created a new position on the restoration of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/v-uryadi-stvoryly-novu-posadu-z-pytan-vidnovlennya-ukrayiny/
As infantry from a grenade launcher and flamethrower burned the armor of the Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/yak-pihotynczi-z-granatometa-ta-vognemeta-spalyly-blindazh-rosiyan/
The water level in the Dnieper at the Kherson mark decreased by more than 3 meters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/riven-vody-u-dnipri-na-poznachczi-herson-znyzyvsya-na-ponad-3-metry/
The Russians destroyed the unique scientific equipment of Kharkiv physicists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/rosiyany-znyshhyly-unikalne-naukove-obladnannya-harkivskyh-fizykiv/
Lectures from the concept of stelarators will read the leading scientists of the world to Ukrainian students
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/kurs-lekczij-z-konczepcziyi-stelaratoriv-prochytayut-ukrayinskym-studentam-providni-naukovczi-svitu/
Due to the military crime on the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant, water will not come to the Crimea at least a year
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/cherez-voyennyj-zlochyn-na-kahovskij-ges-voda-do-krymu-ne-nadhodytyme-minimum-rik/
The SBU detained the head of the Donbassgaz DNR branch, which heated the racist barracks during the occupation of the city
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/sbu-zatrymala-ochilnyka-filiyi-donbasgaza-dnr-yakyj-obigrivav-kazarmy-rashystiv-pid-chas-okupacziyi-mista/
Army Irina Gerashchenko won "bronze" in height at a tournament in Finland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/armijka-iryna-gerashhenko-zavoyuvala-bronzu-v-strybkah-u-vysotu-na-turniri-u-finlyandiyi/
As a result of artillery shelling of the occupiers, a boarding school in Sumy region was damaged-proceedings have been started
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/vnaslidok-artylerijskogo-obstrilu-okupantamy-poshkodzheno-budynok-internat-na-sumshhyni-rozpochato-provadzhennya/
During the day in the Zaporizhzhya direction the Armed Forces advanced 350 meters - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/za-dobu-na-zaporizkomu-napryamku-zsu-prosunulys-na-350-metriv-ganna-malyar/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 13 strokes on the focus of enemy personnel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-13-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-osobovogo-skladu-protyvnyka/
The leadership of the Russian Army treats its fighters as unnecessary
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/kerivnycztvo-armiyi-rf-stavytsya-do-svoyih-bijcziv-yak-do-nepotrebu/
The enemy made 39 aircraft blows and made 62 shelling from the RSLS on the positions of our troops and settlements
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/vorog-zavdav-39-aviaczijnyh-udariv-ta-zdijsnyv-62-obstrily-z-rszv-po-pozycziyah-nashyh-vijsk-ta-naselenyh-punktah/
Sumy and Chernihiv border shelling: more than 20 explosions occurred at night
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/obstrily-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-i-chernigivshhyny-vnochi-prolunalo-ponad-20-vybuhiv/
The results of purchases of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces for the second half of the year were published in the ProZorro system on June 12-13
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/rezultaty-zakupivel-produktiv-harchuvannya-zsu-na-ii-pivrichchya-buly-oprylyudneni-v-systemi-prozorro-12-13-chervnya/
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Anna Malyar - About the strengthening of filtration measures and the looting of the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-ganna-malyar-pro-posylennya-filtraczijnyh-zahodiv-ta-maroderstvo-okupantiv/
A considerable amount of information about captured defenders is transferred to the coordination headquarters by their relatives
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/znachnu-kilkist-informacziyi-shhodo-polonenyh-zahysnykiv-peredayut-do-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-yihni-rodychi/
The suspicion was reported by the ideologist Rashism Alexander Dugin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/pro-pidozru-povidomleno-ideologu-rashyzmu-oleksandru-duginu/
The President thanked the combined expeditionary forces for a package of assistance for Ukraine worth more than € 100 million
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/prezydent-podyakuvav-obyednanym-ekspedyczijnym-sylam-za-paket-dopomogy-dlya-ukrayiny-vartistyu-e116-mln/
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: in the European Commission told about the assistance provided to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-u-yevrokomisiyi-rozpovily-pro-nadanu-dopomogu-ukrayini/
In Ukraine up to 15 years imprisonment was convicted of a participant of PEC "Wagner"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/v-ukrayini-do-15-rokiv-pozbavlennya-voli-zasudzheno-uchasnyka-pvk-vagner/
The water level in the Dnieper in the Kherson area has dropped to a 2.07 meter mark
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/riven-vody-u-dnipri-v-rajoni-hersona-znyzhuyetsya-narazi-poznachka-v-207-metry/
Infantry "sprinkled" by occupiers from American automatic grenade launcher MK 19
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/pihotynczi-nasypayut-okupantam-z-amerykanskogo-avtomatychnogo-granatometa-mk-19/
The coordination headquarters took place online meeting with families of defenders of the island Snake
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-onlajn-zustrich-z-rodynamy-zahysnykiv-ostrova-zmiyinyj/
GUR appeals to the Crimeans: you can get closer to the de -occupation of Ukrainian lands
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/gur-zvertayetsya-do-krymchan-vy-mayete-zmogu-nablyzyty-deokupacziyu-ukrayinskyh-zemel/
"Admiral", don't be silent, say something: infantry evacuate the wounded brothers from the forefront
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/admirale-ne-movchy-govory-shhos-pihotynczi-evakuyuyut-poranenogo-pobratyma-z-peredovoyi/
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: facts of damage to property in Kherson region will be recorded by commissions in terminists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-fakty-poshkodzhennya-majna-na-hersonshhyni-fiksuvatymut-komisiyi-pry-tergromadah/
Denis Schmigal discussed with prem ’ Emerit of Poland Military Assistance to Ukraine and Preparation of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/denys-shmygal-obgovoryv-z-premyerom-polshhi-vijskovu-dopomogu-ukrayini-ta-pidgotovku-vijskovyh-zsu/
France strongly condemned Russia's last blows to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/francziya-rishuche-zasudyla-ostanni-udary-rosiyi-po-ukrayini/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 93 thousand military crimes have been documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-93-tysyachi-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
Russian side blocks telephone with prisoners - Coordinating Headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/rosijska-storona-blokuye-telefonnyj-zvyazok-z-polonenymy-zahysnykamy-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
The Russians during the day attacked 138 settlements in eleven regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/rosiyany-protyagom-doby-atakuvaly-138-naselenyh-punktiv-u-odynadczyatoh-oblastyah-ukrayiny/
"Russian Complexes of Reb - One of the Priority Goals for Our Artillery" - Valery Shershn
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/rosijski-kompleksy-reb-odni-z-priorytetnyh-czilej-dlya-nashoyi-artyleriyi-valerij-shershen/
Dmytro Kuleba invited Jordan to take part in the realization of the Ukrainian formula of peace
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/dmytro-kuleba-zaprosyv-jordaniyu-vzyaty-uchast-u-realizacziyi-ukrayinskoyi-formuly-myru/
In the Marinka area, our defenders repelled all enemy attacks - Valery Shershn
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/u-rajoni-maryinky-nashi-zahysnyky-vidbyly-vsi-vorozhi-ataky-valerij-shershen/
28 settlements of Right -Bank Kherson region remain flooded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/pidtoplenymy-zalyshayutsya-28-naselenyh-punktiv-pravoberezhnoyi-hersonshhyny/
13 years behind bars will hold a collaborator who passed the invaders of the location of defense forces in the Liman direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/13-rokiv-za-gratamy-provede-kolaborant-yakyj-peredavav-okupantam-lokacziyi-syl-oborony-na-lymanskomu-napryamku/
Why did the Kyiv region shudder again from the explosions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/chomu-kyyivshhyna-znovu-zdrygnulasya-vid-vybuhiv/
Ukrainian defenders repelled 39 attacks in four directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-vidbyly-39-atak-na-chotyroh-napryamkah/
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine invited Peru to join the realization of the formula of peace
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/glava-mzs-ukrayiny-zaprosyv-peru-pryyednatysya-do-realizacziyi-formuly-myru/
Pentagon: The United States provided Ukraine with almost $ 40 billion in defense, allies - $ 27 billion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/pentagon-ssha-nadav-ukrayini-majzhe-40-mlrd-dol-oboronnoyi-dopomogy-soyuznyky-27-mlrd-dol/
Our aviation has made 12 beats in hostile positions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/nasha-aviacziya-zavdala-12-udariv-po-vorozhyh-pozycziyah/
Germany for the first time in history approved the National Security Strategy: the Russian Federation is the greatest threat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/nimechchyna-vpershe-v-istoriyi-zatverdyla-strategiyu-naczbezpeky-rf-najbilsha-zagroza/
Mobilized sailors-border guards passed a course of training
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/mobilizovani-moryaky-prykordonnyky-projshly-kurs-pidgotovky/
In Kherson and Mykolaiv region, 3761 persons were evacuated - Igor Klimenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/na-hersonshhyni-ta-mykolayivshhyni-evakujovano-3761-osobu-igor-klymenko/
In the Dnipropetrovsk region, the Destanti warriors honored those killed in the Il-76 brothers killed in a plane
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/na-dnipropetrovshhyni-voyiny-desantnyky-vshanuvaly-zagyblyh-pobratymiv-u-zbytomu-litaku-il-76/
On the enemy continues to force civilian population to acquire Russian citizenship
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/na-tot-protyvnyk-prodovzhuye-prymushuvaty-czyvilne-naselennya-nabuvaty-gromadyanstvo-rf/
The pianist Hryniuk gave a charity concert in Tokyo and urged to support Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3723462-pianist-grinuk-dav-blagodijnij-koncert-u-tokio-j-zaklikav-pidtrimuvati-ukrainu.html
Our defenders repelled all enemy attacks in Marinka area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/na-napryamkah-osnovnyh-zusyl-voroga-vidbulosya-49-bojovyh-zitknen/
Duda told the presidents of three African countries about Russian aggression
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3723432-duda-rozpoviv-lideram-troh-afrikanskih-krain-pro-agresiu-rf.html
Aviation of Defense Forces has struck 14 beats in hostile positions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-14-udariv-po-vorozhyh-pozycziyah/
In Russia, there was a trial over captives of "Azov", among them - eight women
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723375-u-rosii-vidbuvsa-sud-nad-polonenimi-azovcami-sered-nih-visim-zinok.html
One of the leaders of the occupation "Railway of the Russian Federation" in Kupyansk was detained
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/sbu-zatrymala-odnogo-z-kerivnykiv-okupaczijnoyi-zaliznyczi-rf-u-kupyansku/
Austin has announced billions of donations of Ramstein Group to Strengthening Ukraine's Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723367-ostin-ogolosiv-pro-milardni-vneski-krain-grupi-ramstajn-u-zmicnenna-oboroni-ukraini.html
The occupier told his sister about a violent reference of people to battle and punishment for refusal - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/okupant-rozpoviv-sestri-pro-nasylne-posylannya-lyudej-u-bij-ta-pokarannya-za-vidmovu-gur/
The King of the Netherlands assured of Ukraine's unwavering
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723329-korol-niderlandiv-zapevniv-u-nepohitnosti-pidtrimki-ukraini.html
US work with allies to protect Ukrainian refugees from human trafficking - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723488-ssa-pracuut-iz-souznikami-sob-zahistiti-ukrainskih-bizenciv-vid-torgivli-ludmi-derzdep.html
A number of restrictions continue to operate on the territory of the Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/na-terytoriyi-hersonskoyi-oblasti-prodovzhuye-diyaty-nyzka-obmezhen/
In Chernihiv region, a tikoker was discovered, which "drained" into the social network of the location of the Defense Forces forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/na-chernigivshhyni-vyyavleno-tiktokera-yakyj-zlyvav-u-soczmerezhu-lokacziyi-syl-oborony/
Ukrainian sappers prepared a "surprise" to the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/rozvidnyky-j-shturmovyky-nyshhat-okupantiv-pid-bahmutom/
The European Parliament recognized a war crime undermining the Russians of the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Committee
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/yevroparlament-vyznav-voyennym-zlochynom-pidryv-rosiyanamy-kahovskoyi-ges/
Reznikov presented the Order of Princess Olga II degree
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723486-reznikov-vruciv-orden-knagini-olgi-ii-stupena-ministru-oboroni-cehii-cernohovij.html
Zelenskaya and the Vice -Cresident of the European Commission discussed the All -Ukrainian Mental Health Program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723508-zelenska-i-viceprezident-evrokomisii-obgovorili-vseukrainsku-programu-mentalnogo-zdorova.html
Lyceum-Bogunovets won the "gold" in the pusher of the kernel in the competition in Germany
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/liczeyist-bogunivecz-vyborov-zoloto-v-shtovhanni-yadra-na-zmagannyah-u-nimechchyni/
In Kiev on Friday will restrict the movement of central streets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3723484-u-kievi-v-patnicu-obmezat-ruh-centralnimi-vulicami.html
Russian soldiers are afraid of the offensive of the Defense Forces of Ukraine and are increasing the minefields - Kombrig Colonel Andriy Kravets
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/rosijski-soldaty-boyatsya-nastupu-syl-oborony-ukrayiny-i-naroshhuyut-minni-polya-kombryg-polkovnyk-andrij-kravecz/
In Kharkiv region, epidemiological supervision was exacerbated due to Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723482-na-harkivsini-posilili-epidemiologicnij-naglad-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges.html
Ukraine on Friday warms up to +28 °, in the west - cool and rain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723314-ukrainu-u-patnicu-progrie-do-28-na-zahodi-proholodno-ta-dosi.html
Volodymyr Zelensky discussed the situation at the front and Ukraine's accession to NATO with President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/volodymyr-zelenskyj-obgovoryv-z-prezydentom-polshhi-sytuacziyu-na-fronti-ta-vstup-ukrayiny-do-nato/
Beh-Romanchuk won the Bronze at the Diamond League stage in Oslo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723480-behromancuk-zdobula-bronzu-na-etapi-diamantovoi-ligi-v-oslo.html
The coordination headquarters took place with the families of civilians who are hostage to the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodynamy-czyvilnyh-yaki-perebuvayut-v-zaruchnykah-rf/
Reznikov about the prospects for obtaining F-16: "bird" coalition took place
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723489-reznikov-pro-perspektivu-otrimanna-ukrainou-f16-ptaskova-koalicia-vidbulasa.html
Ramstein-13: Alexei Reznikov arrived in Brussels and met with Pentagon head
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/ramshtajn-13-oleksij-reznikov-prybuv-u-bryussel-ta-zustrivsya-z-glavoyu-pentagonu/
Messi scored the fastest goal in his career
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723496-messi-zabiv-najsvidsij-gol-u-kareri.html
Ukrainians abroad were simplified to check the readiness of passports
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723500-ukraincam-za-kordonom-sprostili-perevirku-gotovnosti-pasportiv.html
Special services of the Russian Federation prepare new provocations on representatives of the Defense and Security Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/speczsluzhby-rf-gotuyut-novi-provokacziyi-stosovno-predstavnykiv-syl-oborony-ta-bezpeky-ukrayiny/
Lukashenko is inferior to the Kremlin with increasing control over Belarus - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3723501-lukasenko-postupaetsa-kremlu-vse-bilsim-kontrolem-nad-bilorussu-derzdep.html
Volunteers transferred two Estonian ARGOs to the flooded Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/na-zatoplenu-hersonshhynu-volontery-peredaly-dva-estonski-vsyudyhody-argo/
Transfer of confiscated assets of the Russian Federation of Ukraine: Zelensky thanked US senators
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723502-peredaca-konfiskovanih-aktiviv-rf-ukraini-zelenskij-podakuvav-senatoram-ssa.html
Zelensky heard reports about the situation in Kherson region, in Kryvyi Rih and Odessa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723507-zelenskij-zasluhav-dopovidi-pro-situaciu-na-hersonsini-u-krivomu-rozi-ta-odesi.html
In 28 cities of Europe there were rallies demanding to return Ukrainian children deported by the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723293-u-28-mistah-evropi-vidbulisa-mitingi-z-vimogou-povernuti-ukrainskih-ditej-deportovanih-rf.html
The Forum "Respect. Experience. Perspective ”, dedicated to dialogue on veterans reintegration
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/u-kyyevi-vidbudetsya-forum-povaga-dosvid-perspektyva-prysvyachenyj-dialogu-shhodo-reintegracziyi-veteraniv/
Greta Tunberg took part in a rally against ecocid in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3723323-greta-tunberg-vzala-ucast-u-mitingu-proti-ekocidu-v-ukraini.html
Inhabitants of Belgorod region complain about looting by Russian military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723326-ziteli-belgorodskoi-oblasti-skarzatsa-na-maroderstvo-z-boku-rosijskih-vijskovih.html
Painter showed Bradley armored vehicle and her crew after hitting the Grad
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723328-malar-pokazala-bronemasinu-bradley-ta-ii-ekipaz-pisla-vlucanna-z-grada.html
Ukraine has built and develops a reliable air defense system
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723504-ukraina-pobuduvala-ta-rozvivae-nadijnu-sistemu-ppo-reznikov.html
In the Nikolaev area increased the number of flooded houses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723330-na-mikolaivsini-zbilsilas-kilkist-pidtoplenih-budinkiv.html
The National Bank assessed the impact of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station on inflation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3723334-u-nacbanku-ocinili-vpliv-rujnuvanna-kahovskoi-ges-na-inflaciu.html
Air defense forces have remedies for knocking down anti -ship missiles X -35 - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723335-sili-ppo-maut-zasobi-dla-zbitta-protikorabelnih-raket-h35-ignat.html
The Crimean Court refused to cancel a fine for civil journalist Ottomanov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3723336-krimskij-sud-vidmovivsa-skasuvati-straf-gromadanskomu-zurnalistu-osmanovu.html
The Court in Crimea postponed the appeal of civil journalist Danilovich
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3723337-sud-u-krimu-vidklav-rozglad-apelacii-gromadanskoi-zurnalistki-danilovic.html
In June, the invaders were taken out of the Luhansk region to the Russian Federation and a half hundred children - the center
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723339-zagarbniki-u-cervni-vivezli-z-lugansini-u-rf-pivtori-sotni-ditej-centr-nacsprotivu.html
Ukraine is working on the inclusion of Russia in the Black List Fatf - National Bank
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3723342-ukraina-pracue-nad-vklucennam-rosii-do-cornogo-spisku-fatf-nacbank.html
The Ukrainian military has advanced in the bug area for a kilometer - defense forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723344-ukrainski-vijskovi-prosunulisa-u-rajoni-vugledara-na-kilometr-sili-oboroni.html
Japan states that the DPRK missiles fell in its economic zone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3723346-aponia-zaavlae-so-raketi-kndr-upali-v-ii-ekonomicnij-zoni.html
The Cabinet building opened an exhibition dedicated to the families of border guards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723347-u-budivli-kabminu-vidkrili-vistavku-prisvacenu-rodinam-prikordonnikiv.html
Five schools that have been affected by full -scale Russian aggression will be rebuilt in Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723349-na-harkivsini-vidbuduut-5-skil-aki-postrazdali-vid-povnomasstabnoi-rosijskoi-agresii.html
Ukrainian Snigur gave way to the second round of the WTA tournament 250 in Nottingham
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723352-ukrainka-snigur-postupilasa-u-drugomu-koli-turniru-wta-250-v-nottingemi.html
In Lviv, they began to build housing for patients of rehabilitation center "Unbreakable"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723353-u-lvovi-pocali-buduvati-zitlo-dla-pacientiv-reabilitacijnogo-centru-nezlamni.html
Cyber Police: "24 Channel" did not turn about a hacker attack on their web resource
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723355-kiberpolicia-24-kanal-ne-zvertavsa-sodo-hakerskoi-ataki-na-svij-vebresurs.html
NASA will send a mission to the Asteroid Psyche, which costs $ 10 quadrillions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3723356-nasa-vidpravit-misiu-na-asteroid-psihea-akij-kostue-10-kvadriljoniv.html
The Slovak Government was unable to gain confidence in parliament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3723357-urad-slovaccini-ne-zmig-otrimati-doviru-parlamentu.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant: Klimenko states that the lubricant spot is moving into the Black Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723368-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-klimenko-zaavlae-so-mastilna-plama-ruhaetsa-u-corne-more.html
The peak of the incidence of acute intestinal infections is expected in July-August-MOH
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723358-pik-zahvoruvanosti-na-gostri-kiskovi-infekcii-ocikuetsa-u-lipniserpni-moz.html
Spain named its presidency priorities in the EU Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3723360-ispania-nazvala-prioriteti-svogo-golovuvanna-v-radi-es.html
In Ukraine, the second stage of the Army Drone Project has started in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3723359-v-ukraini-startuvav-drugij-etap-proektu-armia-droniv.html
Glland Jackson's British actress and politician died
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3723362-pomerla-britanska-aktorka-ta-politik-glenda-dzekson.html
Ukraine and Northern Macedonia have agreed on "transport visa waiver"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3723364-ukraina-ta-pivnicna-makedonia-domovilis-pro-transportnij-bezviz.html
Russia is losing war if Ukraine can work - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723365-rosia-prograe-vijnu-akso-kontrnastup-ukraini-vdastsa-zelenskij.html
Austin has announced billions of donations of Ramstein Group to Strengthening Ukraine's Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723367-ostin-ogolosiv-pro-milardni-vneski-krain-grupi-ramstajn-u-zmicnenna-oboroni-ukraini.html
The world's first space plant has started work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3723505-persij-u-sviti-kosmicnij-zavod-pocav-robotu.html
In Russia, there was a trial over captives of "Azov", among them - eight women
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723375-u-rosii-vidbuvsa-sud-nad-polonenimi-azovcami-sered-nih-visim-zinok.html
Ramstayna heard plans for Ukrainian military training on planes and tanks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723370-na-ramstajni-zasluhali-plani-pidgotovki-ukrainskih-vijskovih-na-litakah-i-tankah.html
The application of the national team of Ukraine U-21 for the European Championship is known
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723372-vidomo-zaavku-zbirnoi-ukraini-u21-na-cempionat-evropi.html
Ukrainian soldiers are prepared on three continents - General Millie
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723373-ukrainskih-soldativ-gotuut-na-troh-kontinentah-general-milli.html
As a result of the shelling of Avdiivka and Northern wounded seven civilians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723376-vnaslidok-obstrilu-avdiivki-i-pivnicnogo-poraneni-semero-civilnih.html
The National Bank is considered an artificial situation around the exchange of "worn" currency
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3723381-u-nacbanku-vvazaut-stucnou-situaciu-navkolo-obminu-znosenoi-valuti.html
On Crimean Titan - 200 tons of ammonia: the expert told the consequences in the event of an explosion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3723383-na-krimskomu-titani-200-tonn-amiaku-ekspert-rozpoviv-pro-naslidki-u-razi-vibuhu.html
Ukraine will receive from Sweden a party
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/ukrayina-otrymaye-vid-shvecziyi-partiyu-minoshukachiv-dlya-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
In Rivne, a journalist's car was set on fire - police set circumstances
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723385-u-rivnomu-pidpalili-avto-zurnalista-policia-vstanovlue-obstavini.html
The Ministry of Social Policy expects that the number of recipients of subsidy will increase by almost one million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723386-u-minsocpolitiki-ocikuut-so-kilkist-otrimuvaciv-subsidii-zroste-majze-na-miljon.html
Shmigal discussed an increase in gas production with Naftogaz Supervisory Board
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3723387-smigal-obgovoriv-zbilsenna-gazovidobutku-iz-nagladovou-radou-naftogazu.html
In the floodplain of the Kakhovka reservoir in Zaporozhye began to die fish
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723389-u-zaplavnij-castini-kahovskogo-vodoshovisa-na-zaporizzi-pocala-ginuti-riba.html
Through the shadow fuel market, it has lost up to ₴ 10 billion - MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3723390-cerez-tinovij-rinok-palnogo-budzet-vtrativ-do-10-milardiv-deputat.html
USA, Britain, Denmark and Netherlands will give Ukraine hundreds of missiles for air defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723391-ssa-britania-dania-ta-niderlandi-nadadut-ukraini-sotni-raket-dla-ppo.html
Reznikov discussed with NATO General Projects to strengthen Ukraine's defense capability
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723394-reznikov-obgovoriv-z-gensekom-nato-proekti-dla-zmicnenna-oboronozdatnosti-ukraini.html
Since the beginning of the year, ARMA has searched for assets for ₴ 27.6 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3723395-z-pocatku-roku-arma-rozsukalo-aktiviv-na-276-milarda.html
In the Kherson community, a siren was launched that announces air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723396-u-hersonskij-gromadi-zapracuvala-sirena-aka-spovisae-pro-povitranu-trivogu.html
A new grant project starts in Ukraine - who can apply
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3723397-v-ukraini-startue-novij-grantovij-proekt-hto-moze-podati-zaavku.html
Ukrainians have the opportunity to restore damaged equipment and return it to the battle - Austin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723399-ukrainci-maut-mozlivist-vidnoviti-poskodzenu-tehniku-i-povernuti-ii-u-bij-ostin.html
The digital diagnostic diagnostic program started in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723400-v-ukraini-startuvala-programa-cifrovoi-diagnostiki-raku.html
Ukraine at a summit in Vilnius has to get a clear prospect of NATO -Blaschak membership
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723401-ukraina-na-samiti-u-vilnusi-mae-otrimati-citku-perspektivu-clenstva-v-nato-blasak.html
The Supreme Court confirmed the verdict by the expense of the Holosiivskyi District Court of Kyiv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3723402-verhovnij-sud-pidtverdiv-virok-ekssuddam-golosiivskogo-rajsudu-kieva.html
The President noted six units of the Armed Forces for performance on the front
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723509-prezident-vidznaciv-sist-pidrozdiliv-zsu-za-rezultativnist-na-fronti.html
Russian aggression against Ukraine is a frontal attack on international order and peace - Millie
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723406-rosijska-agresia-proti-ukraini-e-frontalnou-atakou-na-miznarodnij-poradok-ta-mir-milli.html
In the occupied Volnovakh, explosions were heard - Andryushchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723408-v-okupovanij-volnovasi-prolunali-vibuhi-andrusenko.html
In Britain presented a compact double electric car
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3723410-u-britanii-prezentuvali-kompaktnij-dvomisnij-elektromobil.html
During the war, the Guarantee Fund sold assets for ₴ 3.7 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3723409-za-cas-vijni-fond-garantuvanna-prodav-aktiviv-na-37-milarda.html
Drone Army: More than 3.8 thousand drones were purchased at the UNITED24 expense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3723411-armia-droniv-za-kosti-united24-pridbali-ponad-38-tisaci-bezpilotnikiv.html
At least $ 14 billion - UkraineInvest is required to recover industry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3723414-dla-vidnovlenna-promislovosti-znadobitsa-sonajmense-14-milardiv-ukraineinvest.html
In Bakhmut area with Himars destroyed two enemy complexes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723415-u-rajoni-bahmuta-za-dopomogou-himars-znisili-dva-vorozih-kompleksi.html
Khersonvodokanal received a modular installation of water purification
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723417-hersonvodokanal-otrimav-modulnu-ustanovku-ocisenna-vodi.html
The military of the Russian Federation unsuccessfully stepped in the Donbass, in the south - defending
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723424-vijskovi-rf-bezuspisno-nastupaut-na-donbasi-na-pivdni-oboronautsa.html
Kryvyi Rih's blow: The number of victims increased to 13
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723426-udar-po-krivomu-rogu-kilkist-zertv-zrosla-do-13.html
At the Open Nikolaychuk Film Festival presented a book of songs from the director's films
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3723428-na-kinofestivali-mikolajcuk-open-prezentuvali-knigu-pisen-iz-filmiv-rezisera.html
Ribrov: I don't think we will be favorites in the game with Northern Macedonia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723429-rebrov-ne-vvazau-so-budemo-favoritami-v-gri-z-pivnicnou-makedonieu.html
In all directions there is a promotion of about a kilometer - the Ministry of Defense about the situation on the front
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723430-na-vsih-napramkah-e-prosuvanna-blizko-kilometra-minoboroni-pro-situaciu-na-fronti.html
Kalinina completed the performances at the Nottingham Tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723433-kalinina-zaversila-vistupi-na-turniri-v-nottingemi.html
In Chuguev restore the two most affected by Russian blows home
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3723437-u-cuguevi-vidnovluut-dva-najbils-postrazdalih-vid-rosijskih-udariv-budinki.html
For a day in Kherson pumped more than 22 thousand tons of water from houses and cellars
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723439-za-den-u-hersoni-vidkacali-bils-ak-22-tisaci-ton-vodi-z-budinkiv-ta-pidvaliv.html
States imposed sanctions against DPRK officials for developing ballistic missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3723444-stati-zaprovadili-sankcii-proti-cinovnikiv-kndr-za-rozrobku-balisticnih-raket.html
The flooded Kherson region from the regions sent hundreds of tons of humanitarian aid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723443-zatoplenij-hersonsini-z-regioniv-vidpravili-se-sotni-tonn-gumanitarnoi-dopomogi.html
Zelensky spoke with Prime Minister Belize about the possible Summit of Ukraine - Latin America
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723442-zelenskij-obgovoriv-iz-premerom-belizu-mozlivist-provedenna-samitu-ukraina-latinska-amerika.html
The first lady received an international award for contribution to mental health care of Ukrainians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723511-persa-ledi-otrimala-miznarodnu-premiu-za-vnesok-v-ohoronu-psihicnogo-zdorova-ukrainciv.html
Reznikov announced the creation of "IT Coalition" within the framework of "Ramstin"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723445-reznikov-anonsuvav-stvorenna-itkoalicii-v-ramkah-ramstajnu.html
The Pharmacy Museum in Kiev has become a municipal institution
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3723446-aptekamuzej-u-kievi-stala-komunalnim-zakladom.html
Re -export of weapons for the protection of Ukraine: Zelensky appealed to Switzerland Parliament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723451-zelenskij-zvernuvsa-do-parlamentu-svejcarii-prosimo-zbrou-sob-v-ukraini-znovu-buv-mir.html
The tenth Children Film Fest will open the world premiere of Ukrainian fantasy "Dzhura-Korolevich"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3723487-desatij-cildren-kinofest-vidkrie-svitova-premera-ukrainskogo-fentezi-dzurakorolevic.html
The Ministry of Defense has completed the second stage of military research tests of summer field form for women
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/u-minoborony-zaversheno-drugyj-etap-vijskovyh-doslidnyczkyh-vyprobuvan-litnoyi-polovoyi-formy-dlya-zhinok/
In some areas of the Front, the loss of Russian up to nine times larger than Ukrainian - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723449-na-deakih-dilankah-frontu-vtrati-rf-do-devati-raziv-bilsi-za-ukrainski-malar.html
Kuleba invited Bulgaria to join the coalition to create a tribunal for the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723448-kuleba-zaprosiv-bolgariu-priednatisa-do-koalicii-zi-stvorenna-tribunalu-dla-rf.html
Luxembourg, Luxembourg has collected more than ₴ 34 million in the Ukrainian box office
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3723452-luksemburg-luksemburg-zibrav-v-ukrainskomu-prokati-vze-ponad-34-miljoni.html
Switzerland's ambassador to Ankara called to the Foreign Ministry through Anti -Turkish protest in Zurich
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3723453-posla-svejcarii-v-ankari-viklikali-do-mzs-cerez-antitureckij-protestu-u-curihu.html
The US Congress presented a bill on the transfer of confiscated assets of the Russian Federation of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3723456-u-kongresi-ssa-predstavili-zakonoproekt-pro-peredacu-konfiskovanih-aktiviv-rf-ukraini.html
The enemy fired at Berislav and Cossack - is dead and wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723458-vorog-obstrilav-berislav-ta-kozacke-e-zagiblij-i-poranena.html
Zelensky invited Switzerland to join the preparation of the Global Peace Summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723463-zelenskij-zaprosiv-svejcariu-priednatisa-do-pidgotovki-globalnogo-samitu-miru.html
UPL clubs are close to creating a single television - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723460-klubi-upl-blizki-do-stvorenna-edinogo-telepulu-zmi.html
The Armed Forces Air Force warned about the Shahheda movement in the south
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723513-povitrani-sili-zsu-poperedili-pro-ruh-sahediv-na-pivdni.html
Due to Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants, 37 settlements remain flooded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723464-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-pidtoplenimi-zalisautsa-37-naselenih-punktiv.html
The IAEA will continue to monitor the pond
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3723468-magate-prodovzit-uvazno-steziti-za-stavkomoholodzuvacem-zaes-grossi.html
Podolyak urged to find out the news of a counter -offensive from the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723476-podolak-zaklikav-diznavatis-novini-pro-kontrnastup-lise-vid-zsu.html
Zelensky Parliament of Switzerland: the source of war and the cause of aggression - outside the borders of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723472-zelenskij-parlamentu-svejcarii-dzerelo-vijni-j-pricina-agresii-poza-mezami-kordoniv-ukraini.html
Zelensky discussed with President Costa Rica Creation of the International Tribunal for the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723475-zelenskij-obgovoriv-z-prezidentom-kostariki-stvorenna-miznarodnogo-tribunalu-dla-rf.html
Two Ukrainian women in the top 7 in running 400 m with barriers at the Diamond League in Oslo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723478-dvoe-ukrainok-u-top7-v-bigu-na-400-m-z-barerami-na-diamantovi-lizi-v-oslo.html
The death of wild animals due to Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station is estimated at more than ₴ 880 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723479-zagibel-dikih-tvarin-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-ocinuetsa-u-ponad-880-miljoniv.html
Beh-Romanchuk won the Bronze at the Diamond League stage in Oslo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723480-behromancuk-zdobula-bronzu-na-etapi-diamantovoi-ligi-v-oslo.html
Ukraine on Friday warms up to +28 °, in the west - cool and rain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723314-ukrainu-u-patnicu-progrie-do-28-na-zahodi-proholodno-ta-dosi.html
In Kharkiv region, epidemiological supervision was exacerbated due to Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723482-na-harkivsini-posilili-epidemiologicnij-naglad-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges.html
In Kiev on Friday will restrict the movement of central streets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3723484-u-kievi-v-patnicu-obmezat-ruh-centralnimi-vulicami.html
Dmytro Kuleba: Na-Ukraine Council without the prospects of membership-like a tank without a gun
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/dmytro-kuleba-rada-nato-ukrayina-bez-perspektyv-chlenstva-nache-tank-bez-garmaty/
Zelenskaya and the Vice -Cresident of the European Commission discussed the All -Ukrainian Mental Health Program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723508-zelenska-i-viceprezident-evrokomisii-obgovorili-vseukrainsku-programu-mentalnogo-zdorova.html
Reznikov presented the Order of Princess Olga II degree
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723486-reznikov-vruciv-orden-knagini-olgi-ii-stupena-ministru-oboroni-cehii-cernohovij.html
US work with allies to protect Ukrainian refugees from human trafficking - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723488-ssa-pracuut-iz-souznikami-sob-zahistiti-ukrainskih-bizenciv-vid-torgivli-ludmi-derzdep.html
Reznikov about the prospects for obtaining F-16: "bird" coalition took place
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723489-reznikov-pro-perspektivu-otrimanna-ukrainou-f16-ptaskova-koalicia-vidbulasa.html
The tenth Children Film Fest will open the world premiere of Ukrainian fantasy "Dzhura-Korolevich"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3723487-desatij-cildren-kinofest-vidkrie-svitova-premera-ukrainskogo-fentezi-dzurakorolevic.html
Register of losses caused by Russia: Zelensky appointed a representative of Ukraine in the conference of participants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723490-reestr-zbitkiv-zavdanih-rosieu-zelenskij-priznaciv-predstavnika-ukraini-u-konferencii-ucasnikiv.html
The invaders in a day 21 times fired at Sumy region border - wounded three children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723491-zagarbniki-za-den-21-raz-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-poraneni-troe-ditej.html
Rudy Garcia is Napoli's new head coach
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723492-rudi-garsia-novij-golovnij-trener-napoli.html
Meeting of the Ukraine-NATO Commission: Reznikov told about a new format of relations with the Alliance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723493-zasidanna-komisii-ukrainanato-reznikov-rozpoviv-pro-novij-format-vidnosin-z-alansom.html
The path of Ukraine in NATO should be developed in the context of preparation for the summit in Vilnius - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723498-slah-ukraini-v-nato-mae-buti-napracovanij-v-konteksti-pidgotovki-do-samitu-u-vilnusi-zelenskij.html
In Kryvyi Rih Hospital there are eight victims of rocket stroke
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723495-u-likarni-krivogo-rogu-zalisautsa-vosmero-postrazdalih-vid-raketnogo-udaru.html
Cultural landing released a new song "Belgorod"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3723497-kulturnij-desant-vipustiv-novu-pisnu-bilgorod.html
Zelensky on the resolution of the European Parliament: Ukraine has come time for integration certainty
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723499-zelenskij-pro-rezoluciu-evroparlamentu-dla-ukraini-nastav-cas-integracijnoi-viznacenosti.html
Messi scored the fastest goal in his career
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723496-messi-zabiv-najsvidsij-gol-u-kareri.html
Ukrainians abroad were simplified to check the readiness of passports
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723500-ukraincam-za-kordonom-sprostili-perevirku-gotovnosti-pasportiv.html
Lukashenko is inferior to the Kremlin with increasing control over Belarus - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3723501-lukasenko-postupaetsa-kremlu-vse-bilsim-kontrolem-nad-bilorussu-derzdep.html
Transfer of confiscated assets of the Russian Federation of Ukraine: Zelensky thanked US senators
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723502-peredaca-konfiskovanih-aktiviv-rf-ukraini-zelenskij-podakuvav-senatoram-ssa.html
Zelensky heard reports about the situation in Kherson region, in Kryvyi Rih and Odessa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723507-zelenskij-zasluhav-dopovidi-pro-situaciu-na-hersonsini-u-krivomu-rozi-ta-odesi.html
Ukraine has built and develops a reliable air defense system
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723504-ukraina-pobuduvala-ta-rozvivae-nadijnu-sistemu-ppo-reznikov.html
The world's first space plant has started work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3723505-persij-u-sviti-kosmicnij-zavod-pocav-robotu.html
The President noted six units of the Armed Forces for performance on the front
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723509-prezident-vidznaciv-sist-pidrozdiliv-zsu-za-rezultativnist-na-fronti.html
The first lady received an international award for contribution to mental health care of Ukrainians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723511-persa-ledi-otrimala-miznarodnu-premiu-za-vnesok-v-ohoronu-psihicnogo-zdorova-ukrainciv.html
The Armed Forces Air Force warned about the Shahheda movement in the south
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723513-povitrani-sili-zsu-poperedili-pro-ruh-sahediv-na-pivdni.html
The Russian army in May recruited 460 prisoners - Alexei Gromov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/rosijska-armiya-v-travni-zaverbuvala-na-vijnu-460-vyazniv-oleksij-gromov/
The Ministry of Defense invites the developers and suppliers of the OVT with proposals of its innovative projects - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/minoborony-zaproshuye-rozrobnykiv-i-postachalnykiv-ovt-z-propozycziyamy-svoyih-innovaczijnyh-proyektiv-ganna-malyar/
MoU returned an illegally removed property complex of nearly 8,000 square meters - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/mou-povernuly-nezakonno-vyluchenyj-majnovyj-kompleks-ploshheyu-majzhe-8-tysyach-kvadratnyh-metriv-ganna-malyar/
On June 15, a briefing of Ukrainian Security and Defense Forces will take place at Military Media Center
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/15-chervnya-u-military-media-center-vidbudetsya-bryfing-predstavnykiv-syl-bezpeky-ta-oborony-ukrayiny/
Register of losses caused by Russia: Zelensky appointed a representative of Ukraine in the conference of participants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723490-reestr-zbitkiv-zavdanih-rosieu-zelenskij-priznaciv-predstavnika-ukraini-u-konferencii-ucasnikiv.html
During the day, rescuers went out more than 200 times to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-ponad-200-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-3/
During the rescue operation, the National Guards evacuated more than 500 people - Mykola Urshalovich
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/za-chas-ryatuvalnoyi-operacziyi-naczgvardijczi-evakuyuvaly-ponad-500-lyudej-mykola-urshalovych/
In just two days in the occupying troops over 200 "three hundred" - Alexei Gromov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/lyshe-za-dva-dni-v-okupaczijnyh-vijsk-ponad-200-trohsotyh-oleksij-gromov/
The enemy hopes to stop the Ukrainian counter -offensive, but in vain - Natalia Humeniuk.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/udaramy-po-nashyh-tylah-vorog-spodivayetsya-zupynyty-ukrayinskyj-kontrnastup-prote-marno-nataliya-gumenyuk/
Anna Malyar has debunked two major narratives of Russian propagandists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/ganna-malyar-rozvinchala-dva-osnovni-naratyvy-propagandystiv-rf/
The destruction of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant has led to a catastrophe in cities receiving water from this reservoir
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/rujnuvannya-kahovskoyi-ges-pryzviv-do-katastrofy-v-mistah-shho-otrymuyut-vodu-z-czogo-vodoshovyshha/
The invaders in a day 21 times fired at Sumy region border - wounded three children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723491-zagarbniki-za-den-21-raz-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-poraneni-troe-ditej.html
Manipulations with water levels in the Kakhovsky reservoir Russians began in October last year - Ruslan Beregul
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/manipulyacziyi-z-rivnem-vody-u-kahovskomu-vodoshovyshhi-rosiyany-rozpochaly-u-zhovtni-mynulogo-roku-ruslan-beregulya/
Russia is preparing infoalibiba for the outburst
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/rosiya-gotuye-infoalibi-shhodo-pidryvu-zaes/
During the day, Russia fired 187 settlements of Ukraine, among civilians are killed and injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/za-dobu-rosiya-obstrilyala-187-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-sered-czyvilnyh-ye-zagybli-ta-poraneni/
At night the air defense forces destroyed 22 enemy targets
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/unochi-syly-ppo-znyshhyly-22-czili-protyvnyka/
Ukraine does everything to be paid in full for terrible crimes of the Russian measure - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/ukrayina-robyt-use-shhob-za-strashni-zlochyny-russkogo-mira-bulo-vidplacheno-spovna-ganna-malyar/
Ukrainian defenders eliminated nearly 600 invaders, destroyed 12 tanks and 14 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-likviduvaly-majzhe-600-okupantiv-znyshhyly-12-tankiv-i-14-bbm/
The military leadership of the Russian Federation is completing the so -called "volunteer corps" with ZEKs - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/vijskove-kerivnycztvo-rf-doukomplektovuye-tak-zvanyj-dobrovolchyj-korpus-zekamy-gur/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
In the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine, Russian troops are changing hydraulic structures
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/na-tymchasovo-okupovanyh-terytoriyah-ukrayiny-rosijski-vijska-minuyut-gidrotehnichni-sporudy/
Started the online course for veterans "Return from war: mind, body, society"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/startuvav-onlajn-kurs-dlya-veteraniv-povernennya-z-vijny-rozum-tilo-soczium/
More than 400 explosive items have been neutralized per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-400-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-6/
Rudy Garcia is Napoli's new head coach
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723492-rudi-garsia-novij-golovnij-trener-napoli.html
The enemy's activity in the Bakhmut direction has decreased significantly
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/aktyvnist-protyvnyka-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-znachno-zmenshylas/
The event was not ready for such a large -scale war in Ukraine, but now weapons production is increasing - Yuri Ignati
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/zahid-ne-buv-gotovyj-do-takoyi-masshtabnoyi-vijny-v-ukrayini-ale-zaraz-vyrobnycztvo-ozbroyennya-naroshhuyetsya-yurij-ignat/
NSU sappers joined in search
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/sapery-ngu-doluchylysya-do-poshuku-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-na-terytoriyah-z-yakyh-vidijshla-voda/
There are 44 settlements left in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/na-hersonshhyni-pidtoplenymy-zalyshayutsya-44-naseleni-punkty/
We will expel Russia from our earth and honor the memory of all our heroes - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/my-vyzhenemo-rosiyu-z-nashoyi-zemli-i-vshanuyemo-pamyat-usih-nashyh-geroyiv-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
The Navy of the Armed Forces told how many rocket launchers keep Russia in the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/u-vms-zsu-rozpovily-skilky-raketonosiyiv-trymaye-rosiya-u-chornomu-mori/
Sergey Yaremenko: "Almost simultaneously 16 ballistic goals were flying, most are aimed at Patriot"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/sergij-yaremenko-majzhe-odnochasno-letilo-16-balistychnyh-czilej-bilshist-pryczilno-na-patriot/
Briefing of Safety and Defense Forces of Ukraine at Military Media Center
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/bryfing-predstavnykiv-syl-bezpeky-ta-oborony-ukrayiny-u-military-media-center-5/
The coordination headquarters delegation exchanged experience with US experts
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/delegacziya-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-obminyalasya-dosvidom-z-fahivczyamy-ssha/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 93 thousand military crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-93-tysyachu-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
Meeting of the Ukraine-NATO Commission: Reznikov told about a new format of relations with the Alliance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723493-zasidanna-komisii-ukrainanato-reznikov-rozpoviv-pro-novij-format-vidnosin-z-alansom.html
The European Parliament has approved a resolution on Euro -Atlantic integration and restoration of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/yevroparlament-uhvalyv-rezolyucziyu-pro-yevroatlantychnu-integracziyu-ta-vidnovlennya-ukrayiny/
Mobilization in the Russian Federation: Signs of preparation for the next wave is not fixed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/mobilizacziya-u-rf-oznak-pidgotovky-do-provedennya-chergovoyi-hvyli-ne-fiksuyetsya/
The water level in the Dnieper at the Kherson mark decreased by more than 3.5 meters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/riven-vody-u-dnipri-na-poznachczi-herson-znyzyvsya-na-ponad-35-metra/
In two weeks of June, the occupiers used more than 140 missiles of different types - Alexei Gromov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/za-dva-tyzhni-chervnya-okupanty-zastosuvaly-ponad-140-raket-riznyh-typiv-oleksij-gromov/
Denmark and Norway pass nine thousand artillery shells to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/daniya-ta-norvegiya-peredayut-ukrayini-devyat-tysyach-artylerijskyh-snaryadiv/
Alexei Gromov: Slovak and Polish fighters MiG-29 were "put on the wing" of Slovak and Polish fighters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/oleksij-gromov-protyagom-chervnya-postavleni-na-krylo-slovaczki-ta-polski-vynyshhuvachi-mig-29/
The FSB agent who "cited" the Russian C-300 on the leading positions of defense forces under Bakhmut was detained
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/zatrymano-agenta-fsb-yakyj-navodyv-rosijski-s-300-na-peredovi-pozycziyi-syl-oborony-pid-bahmutom/
Mykola Urshalovich: National Guards advanced to a depth of 650 to 1500 meters in the direction of Novoborovka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/mykola-urshalovych-naczgvardijczi-prosunulysya-na-glybynu-vid-650-do-1500-metriv-u-napryamku-novopokrovky/
Belgium has allocated € 3.5 million to eliminate the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/belgiya-vydilyla-e35-miljona-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-teraktu-rf-na-kahovskij-ges/
Alexei Gromov: Ukrainian soldiers in three directions lead active positional defense, some - successfully occur
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/oleksij-gromov-ukrayinski-voyiny-na-troh-napryamkah-vedut-aktyvnu-pozyczijnu-oboronu-na-deyakyh-uspishno-nastupayut/
Lloyd Austin in Brussels: I am waiting for a meeting of defense ministers. We stay on the side of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/llojd-ostin-u-bryusseli-chekayu-na-zustrich-ministriv-oborony-my-zalyshayemosya-na-boczi-ukrayiny/
The path of Ukraine in NATO should be developed in the context of preparation for the summit in Vilnius - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723498-slah-ukraini-v-nato-mae-buti-napracovanij-v-konteksti-pidgotovki-do-samitu-u-vilnusi-zelenskij.html
There were no cases of infectious diseases - Ruslan Beregul on the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/vypadkiv-infekczijnyh-zahvoryuvan-ne-vyyavleno-ruslan-beregulya-shhodo-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
The promotion of defense forces is slow but confidently - Anna Malyar about a counter -offensive
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/prosuvannya-syl-oborony-vidbuvayetsya-povilno-ale-vpevneno-ganna-malyar-pro-kontrnastup/
Water level in the POCCUMENT COVERNOVER stable but in the future you need to find a way to replenish it
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/riven-vody-u-stavku-oholodzhuvachu-zaes-stabilnyj-ale-nadali-neobhidno-znajty-sposib-jogo-popovnennya/
Our troops returned more than 100 square meters. km of Ukrainian territory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/nashi-vijska-povernuly-ponad-100-kv-km-ukrayinskoyi-terytoriyi-oleksij-gromov/
Our military destroyed 20 Shahmed and Orlan-10
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/nashi-vijskovi-znyshhyly-20-shahediv-ta-orlan-10/
Due to the lack of qualified medical staff, difficult -to -injured occupiers die in hospitals - Alexei Gromov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/cherez-brak-kvalifikovanogo-medpersonalu-vazhkoporaneni-okupanty-vmyrayut-u-gospitalyah-oleksij-gromov/
Ukrainian artillery units struck two enemy and S-300 SPR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/pidrozdily-ukrayinskoyi-artyleriyi-urazyly-dva-punkty-upravlinnya-voroga-ta-zrk-s-300/
During counter -pride -on measures, the National Guards detained 76 administrative offenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/pid-chas-kontrdyversijnyh-zahodiv-naczgvardijczi-zatrymaly-76-adminpravoporushnykiv/
In the Tavriysk direction our units are defending and moving forward - Valery Shershn
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-nashi-pidrozdily-oboronyayutsya-ta-ruhayutsya-vpered-valerij-shershen/
RF military refuses to fight and deliberately inflict physical harm
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/vijskovi-rf-vidmovlyayutsya-voyuvaty-ta-svidomo-zapodiyuyut-sobi-fizychnoyi-shkody/
In Kryvyi Rih Hospital there are eight victims of rocket stroke
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723495-u-likarni-krivogo-rogu-zalisautsa-vosmero-postrazdalih-vid-raketnogo-udaru.html
Rapid watering of water and its chemical contamination threatens the extinction of most living organisms on the Black Sea coast
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/shvydke-oprisnennya-vody-ta-yiyi-himichne-zabrudnennya-zagrozhuye-vymyrannyam-bilshosti-zhyvyh-organizmiv-na-pryberezhzhi-chornogo-morya/
In Kherson and Odesa region, mines that have taken off after the blast of the Dams of the Kakhovka Hydro
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/na-hersonshhyni-ta-odeshhyni-zneshkodzhuyut-miny-yaki-vyneslo-techiyeyu-pislya-pidryvu-grebli-kahovskoyi-ges/
The Armed Forces reflected all hostile attacks in the Marinka area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/zsu-vidbyly-vsi-vorozhi-ataky-u-rajoni-maryinky/
It is necessary to create a mechanism that will protect humanity from nuclear blackmail - Alexey Danilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/potribno-stvoryty-mehanizm-yakyj-zahystyt-lyudstvo-vid-yadernogo-shantazhu-oleksij-danilov/
Alexei Reznikov will take part in a meeting of the Ministers of Defense of the Commission of Ukraine-Nato
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/oleksij-reznikov-vizme-uchast-u-zasidanni-ministriv-oborony-komisiyi-ukrayina-nato/
Currently, the enemy shows greater fire activity in the Limano-Kupyan direction-Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/narazi-bilshu-vognevu-aktyvnist-vorog-proyavlyaye-na-lymano-kupyanskomu-napryamku-sergij-cherevatyj/
A meeting with the families of servicemen, who provided the protection of the Chernobyl NPP, took place at the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodynamy-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-yaki-zabezpechuvaly-ohoronu-chornobylskoyi-aes/
Granite Kombrig: "To protect Ukraine from rocket terror, we need much more modern SCRs"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/kombryg-granit-shhob-zahystyty-ukrayinu-vid-raketnogo-teroru-nam-potribno-znachno-bilshe-suchasnyh-zrk/
Alexei Reznikov presented the Order of Princess Olga II degree to the Czech Defense Minister
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/oleksij-reznikov-vruchyv-orden-knyagyni-olgy-ii-stupenya-ministeru-oborony-chehiyi/
The likelihood of rocket and air strikes remains high in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/zalyshayetsya-vysokoyu-jmovirnist-zavdavannya-raketnyh-ta-aviaudariv-po-terytoriyi-ukrayiny/
Western aircraft our pilots are mastered in a short time: it will not be a training, but a retraining of experienced pilots - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/zahidni-litaky-nashi-piloty-osvoyat-u-stysli-terminy-cze-bude-ne-navchannya-a-perenavchannya-dosvidchenyh-lotchykiv-yurij-ignat/
Cultural landing released a new song "Belgorod"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3723497-kulturnij-desant-vipustiv-novu-pisnu-bilgorod.html
The name of Sergei Parkhomenko's battle pilot in Vinnitsa will name the street
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/imenem-bojovogo-lotchyka-sergiya-parhomenka-u-vinnyczi-nazvut-vulyczyu/
The enemy is unable to advance and no position we have lost - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/vorogu-ne-vdayetsya-prosunutysya-i-zhodnoyi-pozycziyi-my-ne-vtratyly-ganna-malyar/
Another 10,000 UAV operators plan to prepare by the end of the year
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/shhe-10-tysyach-operatoriv-bpla-planuyut-pidgotuvaty-do-kinczya-roku/
The Minister of Defense of Ukraine announced the creation of "IT Coalition"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/ministr-oborony-ukrayiny-anonsuvav-stvorennya-it-koalicziyi/
"E-Berg" is a modern, fast and effective-a visitor of the hospital, in Slobozhanshchina
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/e-cherga-cze-suchasno-shvydko-ta-efektyvno-vidviduvach-gospitalyu-shho-na-slobozhanshhyni/
Granite: “A rather powerful air defense group was created in the Kyiv region. However, it does not guarantee a 100 % result ”
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/granit-na-kyyivshhyni-stvorene-dosyt-potuzhne-ugrupovannya-ppo-prote-navit-vono-ne-garantuye-100-vidsotkovogo-rezultatu/
The next "Ramstein" happened quite effectively, even stronger - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/chergovyj-ramshtajn-vidbuvsya-dovoli-rezultatyvno-shhe-micznishayemo-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
The UN International Court of Justice has completed public hearings in Ukraine against Russia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/u-mizhnarodnomu-sudi-oon-zavershylysya-publichni-sluhannya-u-spravi-ukrayina-proty-rosiyi/
More "leopards", missiles for air defense and "fighter coalition": Allies summed up Ramstin-13
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/bilshe-leopardiv-rakety-dlya-ppo-ta-koalicziya-vynyshhuvachiv-soyuznyky-pidbyly-pidsumky-ramshtajnu-13/
Short. War. Day 477. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/korotko-vijna-den-477-videodajdzhest/
Zelensky on the resolution of the European Parliament: Ukraine has come time for integration certainty
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723499-zelenskij-pro-rezoluciu-evroparlamentu-dla-ukraini-nastav-cas-integracijnoi-viznacenosti.html
Moscow again demands from the UN investigation of the "North Stream"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3723515-moskva-znovu-vimagae-vid-oon-rozsliduvanna-pidrivu-pivnicnogo-potoku.html
Denmark and the Netherlands fund the supplies of additional LEOPARD tanks to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723514-dania-i-niderlandi-profinansuut-postavki-dodatkovih-tankiv-leopard-ukraini.html
Denmark and the Netherlands fund the supplies of additional LEOPARD tanks to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723514-dania-i-niderlandi-profinansuut-postavki-dodatkovih-tankiv-leopard-ukraini.html
Moscow again demands from the UN investigation of the "North Stream"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3723515-moskva-znovu-vimagae-vid-oon-rozsliduvanna-pidrivu-pivnicnogo-potoku.html
In the south of Ukraine, the air defense forces are hunting for "Shahmed"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723516-na-pivdni-ukraini-sili-ppo-poluut-na-sahediv.html
A meeting with the unification of families of fighters of territorial defense of Kiev took place at the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-obyednannyam-rodyn-bijcziv-terytorialnoyi-oborony-kyyeva/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====