乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-23

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

Ukraine and Britain have concluded an energy partnership agreement
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/ukrayina-i-brytaniya-uklaly-dogovir-pro-energetychne-partnerstvo/
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Khrinivka, Yeline, Karpov...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5154
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled Krasne First, Figolivka, Novomlinsk, two -year, with ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5155
AT Liman Direction Russian Army Welled Stelmakhivka, Nevsk, Dibrova, Kuzmin, Bilonorivka about ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5156
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Bogdanivka, Kalinivka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5157
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Alexandrovil, Ceramics, Novokalin, Berdyshi, C ...
https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/22-june-at-avdiyivka-direction-russian-army-shelled-oleksandropil
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian of the Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, Star, Acute, Marinka, Georgia ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5159
SBU's military counterintelligence in less than a week destroyed 21 units of enemy equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/vijskovi-kontrrozvidnyky-sbu-mensh-nizh-za-tyzhden-znyshhyly-21-odynyczyu-vorozhoyi-tehniky/
Defense forces reflected more than 40 attacks by Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/syly-oborony-vidbyly-ponad-40-atak-okupantiv/
The Defense Ministry has started entering the first food supply contracts for the new procedure
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/minoborony-pochalo-ukladaty-pershi-dogovory-na-postachannya-produktiv-harchuvannya-dlya-zcu-za-novoyu-proczeduroyu/
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated 650 invaders, destroyed 21 Artsystem and 12 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-650-okupantiv-znyshhyly-21-artsystemu-i-12-bbm/
2 explosions were reported in Zaporizhzhia
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/14020
Explosions were reported in Skadovsk
https://t.me/war_monitor/8249
Air defense was active against cruise missiles in central regions
https://t.me/lachentyt/30650
Explosions were reported in Kursk
https://t.me/kurskbomond/26236
Russian artillery shelled Kherson
https://t.me/kherson_non_fake/8485
Explosion reported in Khmelnitsky
https://t.me/lachentyt/30659
The General Staff showed in the work of military communications
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/genshtab-pokazav-u-roboti-vijskovyh-zvyazkivcziv/
Ukrainian scout causes rage in the Kremlin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/ukrayinskyj-rozvidnyk-vyklykaye-lyut-u-kremli/
The Center for Combating Misinformation reports fakes that Russians spread last day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/czentr-protydiyi-dezinformacziyi-povidomlyaye-pro-fejky-yaki-rosiyany-poshyryuvaly-mynuloyi-doby-2/
Kirill Budanov participated in the meeting of the coordination headquarters on the investigation of military crimes of the Russian Federation in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/kyrylo-budanov-vzyav-uchast-v-zasidanni-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-z-pytan-rozsliduvannya-voyennyh-zlochyniv-rf-v-ukrayini/
During the last day, the Russians have stacked rocket and 44 aviation blows in Ukraine - are dead and injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-rosiyany-zavdaly-raketnogo-ta-44-aviaczijnyh-udariv-po-ukrayini-ye-zagybli-ta-poraneni/
Rocket troops and artillery of the Armed Forces during the day were struck by 13 articles and 3 points of management of the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/raketni-vijska-ta-artyleriya-zsu-protyagom-doby-urazyly-13-artustanovok-ta-3-punkty-upravlinnya-okupantiv/
The World Bank and Donors provide Ukraine with an additional $ 1.76 billion for recovery - Denis Shmigal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/svitovyj-bank-i-donory-nadayut-ukrayini-dodatkovi-176-mlrd-na-vidnovlennya-denys-shmygal/
Dmytro Kuleba spent the first meeting with the new Turkish Foreign Ministry
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/dmytro-kuleba-proviv-pershu-zustrich-z-novym-glavoyu-mzs-turechchyny/
Aviation of the Armed Forces of Ukraine per day struck 18 beats in areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/aviacziya-zsu-za-dobu-zavdala-18-udariv-po-rajonah-skupchennya-voroga/
The full de-occupation of the Zaporozhye NPP is needed, and anyone who closed their eyes to its occupation by Russia is actually facilitated by terror-President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/potribna-povna-deokupacziya-zaporizkoyi-aes-a-bud-hto-hto-zaplyushhyv-ochi-na-yiyi-okupacziyu-rosiyeyu-faktychno-spryyayut-teroru-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Preparation for Winter and Formation of Equipment: Ministry of Energy hopes to cooperate with USAID
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726986-pidgotovka-do-zimi-ta-formuvanna-zapasiv-obladnanna-minenergo-spodivaetsa-na-spivpracu-z-usaid.html
The Netherlands will start training Ukrainian pilots on the F-16 already this summer-Minister of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726982-niderlandi-pocnut-navcanna-ukrainskih-pilotiv-na-f16-vze-cogo-lita-ministerka-oboroni.html
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Novovasylivka, Stepne Vor...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5164
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Odradne, well, Krasne First, Figolivka, New ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5165
In the Unified Register of Weapons per day - 55 applications for purchase
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726937-u-edinomu-reestri-zbroi-za-den-55-zaavok-na-pridbanna.html
IAEA will send a special mission to help Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726930-magate-napravit-specialnu-misiu-dla-dopomogi-hersonsini.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Dibrova, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and To...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5166
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Ray-Alexandrovka, Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, H ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5167
In the center of "indomitable" starts pilot project on rehabilitation of people who lost their vision through the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726890-u-centri-nezlamni-startue-pilotnij-proekt-z-reabilitacii-ludej-aki-cerez-vijnu-vtratili-zir.html
Google launches a new free course on artificial intelligence of Machine Learning
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3726866-google-zapuskae-novij-bezoplatnij-kurs-pro-rozdil-stucnogo-intelektu-machine-learning.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Lastochkine, Avdiivka, Karlovka, Pervomaisk And ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5168
NBU clarified the order of work with banks that keep its cash stocks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726872-nbu-utocniv-poradok-roboti-z-bankami-aki-zberigaut-jogo-zapasi-gotivki.html
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Maksymilyanivka, Maryinka, Heorhiyivka, Pobyeda of...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5169
In Istanbul there was a presentation of the project "Culture VS War"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3726847-u-stambuli-vidbulasa-prezentacia-proektu-kultura-vs-vijna.html
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian Army Shelled Paraskovivka, Novomykhailivka, Blessed of ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5170
As Ukraine and the world were consolidated against Russian aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-sluzhba-zovnishnoyi-rozvidky-2/
The Russians fired five times the border of Chernihiv and Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727000-rosiani-pat-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini-i-sumsini.html
Save Ukraine fund returned 121 stolen Ukrainian child from Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726998-fond-save-ukraine-povernuv-iz-rosii-121-vikradenu-ukrainsku-ditinu.html
Australia will impose sanctions against the perpetrators of MH17 disaster
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726997-avstralia-zaprovadit-sankcii-proti-vinnih-u-katastrofi-mh17.html
In Georgia, the largest music festival in the country started
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3726995-u-gruzii-startuvav-najmasstabnisij-v-kraini-muzicnij-festival.html
The KSCA ignored the prosecutors' requests for documents on the expense of one million hryvnias
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3726993-v-kmda-proignoruvali-zapiti-prokuraturi-sodo-dokumentiv-za-faktom-roztrati-miljona-griven.html
EU calls Armenia and Azerbaijan to reduce tension and de -escalation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726992-evrosouz-zaklikae-virmeniu-j-azerbajdzan-do-znizenna-naprugi-ta-deeskalacii.html
Shepelev won the "bronze" of European games in a triple jump
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726991-sepelev-zdobuv-bronzu-evropejskih-igor-u-potrijnomu-stribku.html
The 3x3 Basketball Women's Basketball Team was unable to go to the European Games playoffs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726988-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-basketbolu-3h3-ne-zmogla-vijti-v-plejof-evropejskih-igor.html
Ukrainian air defense shot down 13 Russian cruise missiles
https://t.me/kpszsu/2776
Explosion was reported near Mariupol port this morning
https://t.me/itsdonetsk/82718
Hanna Maliar Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine: On the Kupyansk and Lymansk directions, ...
https://t.me/annamaliar/867
The EU has adopted new sanctions against Russia. These include measures to: strengthen the co...
https://twitter.com/EUCouncil/status/1672152895532220419
Ukraine defence forces have partial success in advance at Novodanylivka – Robotyne and Mala T...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5163
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5172
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Novoocheretuvate, Makarivka, Stor...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5171
2 person killed as Russian artillery shelled municipal enterprise in Kherson
https://t.me/ukrpravda_news/32197
Explosions were audible in Skadovsk for the 3rd time today
https://t.me/suspilnekherson/28227
Fire near railway station in Kursk
https://t.me/shot_shot/53166
Ukrainian EMERCOM to launch a drill on possible radiation release at the occupied Zaporizhzhi...
https://t.me/hromadske_ua/34380
At least 1 killed and 4 wounded as result of Russian shelling in several villages  of Zapori...
https://t.me/espresotb/65950
4 explosions were reported in Henichesk
https://twitter.com/hochu_dodomu/status/1672202512877727744
Fire after explosions in Henichesk
https://t.me/Tsaplienko/34366
Explosions reported in Kostiantynivka
https://t.me/operativnoZSU/102465
The head of "Rosatom" Likhachev met in Kaliningrad with the director of the IAEA Grossi to di...
https://t.me/rian_ru/206639
President Zelenskyy held a meeting of the National Security Council
https://t.me/espresotb/65959
In the temporarily occupied territories, invaders continue to terrorize the local population
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/pro-dezinformaczijni-ta-manipulyatyvni-kampaniyi-shho-vidbuvayutsya-na-tot-3/
In Russia, six Tu-95MCs have taken off from the reindeer aerodrome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727004-u-rosii-z-aerodromu-olena-zletili-sist-tu95ms-povitrani-sili.html
The Verkhovna Rada initiates an appeal to restriction into the territory of foreign countries Russian and Belarusian athletes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/verhovna-rada-inicziyuye-zvernennya-shhodo-obmezhennya-vyizdu-na-terytoriyu-inozemnyh-derzhav-rosijskym-i-biloruskym-sportsmenam/
US will not reduce efforts to liberate US citizens with imprisonment in Russia - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727014-ssa-ne-zmensat-zusil-zi-zvilnenna-amerikanskih-gromadan-z-uvaznenna-v-rosii-bilij-dim.html
The Chinese state company supplied tons of gunpowder - NYT
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726919-kitajska-derzavna-kompania-postacala-do-rosii-tonni-porohu-nyt.html
Another 3 fighters received prison terms for the attack on Nikolaev and the capture of Luhansk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/shhe-3-bojovyky-otrymaly-tyuremni-stroky-za-nastup-na-mykolayiv-i-zahoplennya-luganshhyny/
Vykhrist will take the next battle in the undercardcard of the duel of Spence - Crawford
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727015-vihrist-provede-nastupnij-bij-v-anderkardi-poedinku-spens-krouford.html
The losses of the environment of Ukraine as a result of the exclusion of Russia of the dam of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, already amount to more than $ 1.5 billion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/zbytky-zavdani-dovkillyu-ukrayiny-vnaslidok-pidryvu-rosiyeyu-grebli-kahovskoyi-ges-vzhe-stanovlyat-ponad-15-mlrd-dolariv-ssha/
Against Prigogine opened a criminal case through a call to armed rebellion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727016-proti-prigozina-vidkrili-kriminalnu-spravu-cerez-zaklik-do-zbrojnogo-zakolotu.html
In Russia, a record has increased the amount of cash - Bloomberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726871-u-rosii-rekordno-zris-obsag-gotivki-bloomberg.html
From April 24, 2022, 2529 people have already been released from Russian captivity
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/z-24-kvitnya-2022-roku-z-rosijskoyi-nevoli-zvilneno-vzhe-2529-lyudej/
Putin in the course of the situation with Prigogin - Peskov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727017-putin-u-kursi-situacii-z-prigozinim-peskov.html
FSB opened criminal case against Evgeniy Prigozhin on civil incitement disobedience, calling ...
https://t.me/rian_ru/206667
This year the anxiety of Ukrainians has grown into emotional exhaustion and apathy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726846-cogoric-trivoga-ukrainciv-pererosla-v-emocijne-visnazenna-ta-apatiu.html
Eggs and chicken in Ukraine are rising because of the rise in energy prices - a profile association
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726860-ajca-i-kuratina-v-ukraini-zdorozcaut-cerez-zrostanna-cin-na-energoresursi-profilna-asociacia.html
In the Kyiv region began to install windows in damaged shelling of houses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726858-na-kiivsini-pocali-vstanovluvati-vikna-u-poskodzenih-obstrilami-budinkah.html
Russia cynically ignores the existence of the UN and its humanitarian mission - Vereshchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726859-rosia-cinicno-ignorue-fakt-isnuvanna-oon-ta-ii-gumanitarnoi-misii-veresuk.html
In Nikolaev there was a large -scale fire on the car market
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726857-u-mikolaevi-vinikla-masstabna-pozeza-na-avtorinku.html
In Kherson, the number of dead as a result of the shelling of a transport enterprise increased to three
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726861-u-hersoni-kilkist-zagiblih-vnaslidok-obstrilu-transportnogo-pidpriemstva-zbilsilasa-do-troh.html
The Russians erected a ponton crossing after hitting the Chongar Bridge
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3726868-rosiani-zveli-pontonnu-perepravu-pisla-udaru-po-congarskomu-mostu.html
There will be personnel decisions: Zelensky about the NSDC Consideration with shelters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726862-budut-kadrovi-risenna-zelenskij-pro-rozglad-na-rnbo-situacii-z-ukrittami.html
Representatives of the Embassy in Georgia met with Ukrainian children who were injured by Russian attack
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3726863-predstavniki-posolstva-u-gruzii-zustrilisa-z-ukrainskimi-ditmi-aki-postrazdali-vid-napadu-rf.html
The special commission will check the condition of bridges and overpasses in Ukraine - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726869-specialna-komisia-perevirit-stan-mostiv-i-slahoprovodiv-po-ukraini-prezident.html
In Japan, the first person in the world died from the Oz virus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726870-v-aponii-pomerla-persa-ludina-u-sviti-vid-virusu-oz.html
Jerusalem asked Moscow to "not read lectures" about Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726873-erusalim-poprosiv-moskvu-ne-citati-lekcij-sodo-ukraini.html
In Ukraine - nearly 700 cases of death and injury of civilians from mines
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726875-v-ukraini-majze-700-vipadkiv-zagibeli-ta-travmuvanna-civilnih-vid-min.html
A new post office dedicated to GUR will be released in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726876-v-ukraini-vipustat-novij-postovij-nabir-prisvacenij-gur.html
The Ukrainian Danube Shipping Department has auctioned its agro -transportation services
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726877-ukrainske-dunajske-paroplavstvo-vistavilo-na-aukcion-svoi-poslugi-z-agroperevezenna.html
Zelensky announced increased responsibility for corruption in courts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726882-zelenskij-anonsuvav-posilenna-vidpovidalnosti-za-korupciu-v-sudah.html
List of Russian propagandists and "warrior" who got up to 11 EU sanctions package
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726880-spisok-rosijskih-propagandistiv-i-voenkoriv-aki-potrapili-do-11-paketu-sankcij-es.html
Russia resumed in Cuba the Lurdez spying center - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726881-rosia-vidnovila-na-kubi-spigunskij-centr-lurdes-zmi.html
President: The purpose of this year is to start negotiations on Ukraine's membership in the EU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726883-prezident-meta-cogoric-rozpocati-peregovori-sodo-clenstva-ukraini-v-es.html
Rakitsky continued his contract with Shakhtar
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726884-rakickij-prodovziv-kontrakt-z-sahtarem.html
Armoured vehicles reported on streets of Moscow
https://t.me/rusbrief/129037
General Surovkin calling for Wagner troops to recall troops and to return to bases
https://t.me/logikamarkova/7015
In Zaporozhye, the court renewed the director of the hospital where there was a deadly fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726874-u-zaporizzi-sud-ponoviv-na-posadi-direktora-likarni-de-stalasa-smertelna-pozeza.html
The first issue of the EU Foreign Ministers meeting in Luxembourg will be Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726887-persim-pitannam-zustrici-ministriv-zakordonnih-sprav-es-u-luksemburzi-bude-ukraina.html
Reznikov hopes that at a summit in Vilnius will determine a "certain event" for Ukraine's accession to NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726888-reznikov-spodivaetsa-so-na-samiti-u-vilnusi-viznacat-pevnu-podiu-dla-vstupu-ukraini-v-nato.html
In Orikhov as a result of shelling two houses are destroyed and more than 30 damaged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726889-v-orihovi-vnaslidok-obstrilu-dva-budinki-zrujnovani-j-ponad-30-poskodzeni.html
Budanov: Putin's fragile dictatorship fell
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727019-budanov-tenditna-diktatura-putina-vpala.html
Imports of Ukrainian grain: In Poland, they were inspected in 222 companies
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726892-import-ukrainskogo-zbizza-u-polsi-proveli-perevirku-v-222-kompaniah.html
"Russia has always been Slondra, is and will be a prostitute that can be bought and sold!" - Gur interception
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/rosiya-bula-shlondroyu-zavzhdy-ye-i-bude-prostytutkoyu-yaku-mozhna-kupyty-i-prodaty-gur-perehoplennya/
Marchenko summed up the achievements of the Conference on Recovery of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726893-marcenko-pidsumuvav-zdobutki-konferencii-z-vidnovlenna-ukraini.html
The condition of the victim of sexual violence in Bila Tserkva is stable - NEBITIV
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726895-stan-postrazdaloi-vid-seksualnogo-nasilstva-u-bilij-cerkvi-stabilnij-nebitov.html
A journalist from Khmelnytskyi was sentenced to five years in prison for the State Education
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726896-zurnalista-z-hmelniccini-zasudili-do-pati-rokiv-uvaznenna-za-derzzradu.html
Ukraine, with the assistance of the European Commission, sells six projects for building a western border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726899-ukraina-za-sprianna-evrokomisii-realizue-sist-proektiv-rozbudovi-zahidnogo-kordonu.html
Five countries have urged UN Secretary General to investigate the transfer of Iranian drones of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726901-pat-krain-zaklikali-genseka-oon-rozsliduvati-peredacu-iranskih-droniv-rosii.html
18 political parties are forbidden in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726902-v-ukraini-zaboronena-dialnist-18-politicnih-partij.html
US demand from Russia immediately unblock humanitarian missions to flooded areas of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726903-ssa-vimagaut-vid-rosii-negajno-rozblokuvati-dostup-gumanitarnih-misij-do-zatoplenih-rajoniv-ukraini.html
Police of Kyiv region have set the location
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726905-policia-kiivsini-vstanovila-misceznahodzenna-900-uhilantiv-nebitov.html
In the banks of Ukraine, the amount of deposits of individuals per month increased by ₴ 1.4 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726906-u-bankah-ukraini-suma-vkladiv-fizosib-za-misac-zrosla-na-14-milarda.html
The UN Deputy Secretary General told the Council about the consequences
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726907-zastupnica-genseka-oon-rozpovila-na-radbezi-pro-naslidki-pidrivu-kahovskoi-grebli.html
Zelensky struck - instructed the Zaluzhny to release the Odessa military committee
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726908-zelenskij-proviv-stavku-doruciv-zaluznomu-zvilniti-odeskogo-voenkoma.html
Juventus announced that Paradez would return to PSG
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726910-uventus-ogolosiv-so-paredes-povernetsa-v-psz.html
Ukrainian support: MKIP initiates the issuance of certificates and subsidies for bookstores
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3726912-pidtrimka-ukrainskoi-mkip-iniciue-vidacu-knizkovih-sertifikativ-i-subsidij-dla-knigaren.html
States called on the UN Council to press on Russia to continue the "grain agreement"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726913-stati-zaklikali-radbez-oon-tisnuti-na-rosiu-dla-prodovzenna-zernovoi-ugodi.html
In Vienna, an exhibition on deportation of Russian children was opened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726915-u-vidni-vidkrilasa-vistavka-pro-deportaciu-rosieu-ukrainskih-ditej.html
Romania will offer Brussels and Kiev to optimize the flow of grain to the port of Constanta
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726916-rumunii-zaproponue-brusselu-ta-kievu-optimizuvati-potoki-zerna-do-portu-konstanca.html
Last month, Russia has three times increased by Ukraine - UN - UN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726918-minulogo-misaca-rosia-vtrici-zbilsila-povitrani-obstrili-ukraini-oon.html
Single Weapon Register: The Ministry of Internal Affairs told about new services
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726830-edinij-reestr-zbroi-mvs-rozpovidae-pro-novi-servisi.html
The Ukrainian Zalitna won "gold" in karate at European Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726924-ukrainec-zaplitnij-zavouvav-zoloto-v-karate-na-evropejskih-igrah.html
The enemy unsuccessfully stepped on five directions - "hottest" points
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726925-vorog-bezuspisno-namagavsa-nastupati-na-pati-napramkah-najgaracisi-tocki.html
In Kiev, the exhibition "Europe and Ukraine: Dialogue through the Ages" was opened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3726927-u-kievi-vidkrili-vistavku-evropa-i-ukraina-dialog-kriz-viki.html
Defense and tidying operations and the work of the Ukrainian OPC were discussed at the pond-Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726929-na-stavci-obgovorili-oboronnonastupalni-operacii-j-robotu-ukrainskogo-opk-zelenskij.html
In Zaporozhye, the Russians arranged a field hospital in kindergarten
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726931-na-zaporizzi-rosiani-oblastuvali-polovij-spital-u-ditsadku.html
The kid presented the awards to 47 special forces of the Center for Special Operations "A"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726932-maluk-vruciv-nagorodi-47-specpriznacencam-centru-specoperacij-a.html
In Ukraine, they will check the activity and property of all military commissions - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726938-v-ukraini-perevirat-dialnist-ta-majnovij-stan-usih-voenkomiv-smigal.html
Seryogina won "silver" in karate at European games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726933-serogina-zdobula-sriblo-v-karate-na-evropejskih-igrah.html
Ukraine should be invited to NATO at a summit in Vilnius - Rasmussen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726935-ukrainu-treba-zaprositi-do-nato-na-samiti-u-vilnusi-rasmussen.html
In the Nikolaev area began to restore the guy's house from the clip Imagine Dragons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726936-na-mikolaivsini-pocali-vidnovluvati-budinok-hlopca-z-klipu-imagine-dragons.html
US Ambassador met with the LGBT community defenders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726940-posol-ssa-zustrilasa-iz-zahisnikami-prav-lgbtspilnoti.html
In Kiev presented the exhibition "Bakhmut: We will not give"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3726941-u-kievi-prezentuvali-vistavku-bahmut-ne-viddamo.html
At the NSDC meeting, steps were determined to follow the seven recommendations of the European Commission - Stephanishin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726942-na-zasidanni-rnbo-viznacali-kroki-dla-vikonanna-semi-rekomendacij-evrokomisii-stefanisina.html
Officials will be responsible for the unwillingness of shelters - a solution of NSDC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726944-posadovciv-pritaguvatimut-do-disciplinarnoi-vidpovidalnosti-za-negotovnist-ukrittiv-risenna-rnbo.html
About 500 companies in the world are interested in investing in Ukraine - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726943-blizko-500-kompanij-u-sviti-zacikavleni-investuvati-v-ukrainu-zelenskij.html
SpaceX launched a second rocket with an online satellite starlink in two days
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3727002-spacex-zapustila-na-orbitu-drugu-za-dva-dni-raketu-z-internetsuputnikami-starlink.html
The results of the National Commission for UNESCO in the first half of 2023 were presented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/emine-dzhaparova-provela-zasidannya-byuro-naczionalnoyi-komisiyi-ukrayiny-u-spravah-yunesko/
The shelling of Dnipropetrovsk is injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726946-vnaslidok-obstrilu-dnipropetrovsini-e-poranenij.html
Russian aviation attacked Cossack and fun in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726947-rosijska-aviacia-atakuvala-kozacke-i-vesele-na-hersonsini.html
Two more prisoners of war were returned to Ukraine from Hungary
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726951-do-ukraini-z-ugorsini-povernuli-se-dvoh-vijskovopolonenih-mzs.html
Ammunition for Ukraine: EU ambassadors have approved a decision to increase production
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726953-boepripasi-dla-ukraini-posli-es-zatverdili-risenna-pro-zbilsenna-virobnictva.html
63,000 shelters have been checked in Ukraine: Shmigal told how many suitable use
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726954-v-ukraini-perevirili-63-000-ukrittiv-smigal-rozpoviv-skilki-pridatni-do-vikoristanna.html
More than 1.3 thousand fire tasks were performed in the Tavriya direction of defense forces a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726956-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-sil-oboroni-za-dobu-vikonali-ponad-13-tisaci-vognevih-zavdan.html
Kyslyts urged the world to take the threat of nuclear terror to the ZPEC seriously
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726957-kislica-zaklikav-svit-serjozno-postavitisa-do-zagrozi-adernogo-teroru-na-zaes.html
Mongolia found nearly 140 natural plague centers, including on the border with the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726959-u-mongolii-viavili-majze-140-prirodnih-oseredkiv-cumi-v-tomu-cisli-na-kordoni-z-rf.html
In Ukraine they will check the condition of bridges - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726960-v-ukraini-perevirat-stan-mostiv-smigal.html
Checking the shelter: The Government will invite the President to release the heads of a number of administrations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726961-perevirka-ukrittiv-urad-zaproponue-prezidentu-zvilniti-kerivnikiv-nizki-administracij.html
Zelensky noted special merits at the front of the soldiers of the 35th Marine Corps Brigade
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726962-zelenskij-vidznaciv-osoblivi-zaslugi-na-fronti-voiniv-35i-brigadi-morskoi-pihoti.html
The Odessa Warman will be released from office, not from the army - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726963-odeskogo-voenkoma-zvilnat-z-posadi-a-ne-z-armii-danilov.html
The EU urged the UN to ensure full responsibility for Russia's military crimes in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726967-evrosouz-zaklikav-oon-zabezpeciti-povnu-vidpovidalnist-za-voenni-zlocini-rosii-v-ukraini.html
States imposed sanctions against FSB staff through election interference
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726968-stati-vveli-sankcii-proti-spivrobitnikiv-fsb-cerez-vtrucanna-u-vibori.html
Cyclic in the UN Radbeza compared the Putin regime with cancer that spreads metastases around the world
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726971-kislica-v-radbezi-oon-porivnav-putinskij-rezim-z-rakom-so-posirue-metastazi-po-vsomu-svitu.html
Stoltenberg in Germany visited a security group for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726972-stoltenberg-u-nimeccini-vidvidav-grupu-z-bezpekovoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
Fatf did not include Russia in the Black List at the request of Ukraine - in the Ministry of Finance reacted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726973-fatf-ne-vklucila-rosiu-do-cornogo-spisku-na-vimogu-ukraini-u-minfini-vidreaguvali.html
Baltic countries called on the UN to accelerate the financing of humanitarian needs in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726974-kraini-baltii-zaklikali-oon-priskoriti-finansuvanna-gumanitarnih-potreb-v-ukraini.html
In Russia, six Tu-95MCs have taken off from the reindeer aerodrome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727004-u-rosii-z-aerodromu-olena-zletili-sist-tu95ms-povitrani-sili.html
Danilov answered Guterrry: Russia killed a lot more children than named in the UN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726976-danilov-vidpoviv-guterrisu-rosia-vbila-nabagato-bilse-ditej-niz-nazvali-v-oon.html
An exhibition of works based on Tavriya painting opened in Nikolaev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3726978-u-mikolaevi-vidkrilasa-vistavka-robit-za-motivami-tavrijskogo-rozpisu.html
Countries that could help return from the Russian Federation deported children will not hurry - Lubin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726981-kraini-aki-mogli-b-dopomogti-povernuti-z-rf-deportovanih-ditej-ne-kvaplatsa-lubinec.html
In Ukraine on weekends there will be heat with rains and thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726742-v-ukraini-na-vihidnih-bude-speka-z-dosami-i-grozami.html
No answer from the Ombudsman: Lubinets - about captive Ukrainians in Hungary
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726989-zodnoi-vidpovidi-vid-ombudsmena-lubinec-pro-polonenih-ukrainciv-v-ugorsini.html
Preparation for Winter and Formation of Equipment: Ministry of Energy hopes to cooperate with USAID
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726986-pidgotovka-do-zimi-ta-formuvanna-zapasiv-obladnanna-minenergo-spodivaetsa-na-spivpracu-z-usaid.html
The 3x3 Basketball Women's Basketball Team was unable to go to the European Games playoffs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726988-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-basketbolu-3h3-ne-zmogla-vijti-v-plejof-evropejskih-igor.html
Shepelev won the "bronze" of European games in a triple jump
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726991-sepelev-zdobuv-bronzu-evropejskih-igor-u-potrijnomu-stribku.html
EU calls Armenia and Azerbaijan to reduce tension and de -escalation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726992-evrosouz-zaklikae-virmeniu-j-azerbajdzan-do-znizenna-naprugi-ta-deeskalacii.html
The KSCA ignored the prosecutors' requests for documents on the expense of one million hryvnias
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3726993-v-kmda-proignoruvali-zapiti-prokuraturi-sodo-dokumentiv-za-faktom-roztrati-miljona-griven.html
In Georgia, the largest music festival in the country started
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3726995-u-gruzii-startuvav-najmasstabnisij-v-kraini-muzicnij-festival.html
Australia will impose sanctions against the perpetrators of MH17 disaster
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726997-avstralia-zaprovadit-sankcii-proti-vinnih-u-katastrofi-mh17.html
Save Ukraine fund returned 121 stolen Ukrainian child from Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726998-fond-save-ukraine-povernuv-iz-rosii-121-vikradenu-ukrainsku-ditinu.html
The Russians fired five times the border of Chernihiv and Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727000-rosiani-pat-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini-i-sumsini.html
Ukrainian air defense has destroyed 3 shaped UAVs like
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/ukrayinska-ppo-znyshhyla-3-udarni-bpla-typu-shahed/
SpaceX launched a second rocket with an online satellite starlink in two days
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3727002-spacex-zapustila-na-orbitu-drugu-za-dva-dni-raketu-z-internetsuputnikami-starlink.html
Only 43% of Ukraine's population - Ministry of Internal Affairs can be accounted for using shelter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3727001-pridatni-do-vikoristanna-ukritta-mozut-vmistiti-lise-43-naselenna-ukraini-mvs.html
325 columns were opened in Kryvyi Rih
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727007-u-krivomu-rozi-vidkrili-325-kolonok-dla-naboru-vodi.html
US not seeing an increase in radiation level around ZPEP - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727005-ssa-ne-bacat-pidvisenna-rivna-radiacii-navkolo-zaes-bilij-dim.html
The enemy for a day 12 times fired at the border communities of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727009-vorog-za-den-12-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonni-gromadi-sumsini.html
Vereshchuk about the risks of the ZPP: not to be afraid of Russians, but their cephalopods
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727008-veresuk-pro-riziki-na-zaes-boatis-treba-ne-rosian-a-ihnogo-golovotapstva.html
Kichenok and Ostapenko will play in the semi -finals of a paired tournament in Birmingham
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727010-kicenok-ta-ostapenko-zigraut-u-pivfinali-parnogo-turniru-v-birmingemi.html
Zelensky congratulated the adoption of the 11th package of EU sanctions against Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3727013-zelenskij-privitav-uhvalenna-11go-paketu-sankcij-evrosouzu-proti-rf.html
The White House leaves the right to comment on the pace and the level of complexity of counter -offensive for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727011-bilij-dim-zalisae-pravo-komentuvati-tempi-ta-riven-skladnosti-kontrnastupu-za-ukrainou.html
US will not reduce efforts to liberate US citizens with imprisonment in Russia - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727014-ssa-ne-zmensat-zusil-zi-zvilnenna-amerikanskih-gromadan-z-uvaznenna-v-rosii-bilij-dim.html
The Chinese state company supplied tons of gunpowder - NYT
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726919-kitajska-derzavna-kompania-postacala-do-rosii-tonni-porohu-nyt.html
Vykhrist will take the next battle in the undercardcard of the duel of Spence - Crawford
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727015-vihrist-provede-nastupnij-bij-v-anderkardi-poedinku-spens-krouford.html
Against Prigogine opened a criminal case through a call to armed rebellion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727016-proti-prigozina-vidkrili-kriminalnu-spravu-cerez-zaklik-do-zbrojnogo-zakolotu.html
In Russia, a record has increased the amount of cash - Bloomberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726871-u-rosii-rekordno-zris-obsag-gotivki-bloomberg.html
Putin in the course of the situation with Prigogin - Peskov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727017-putin-u-kursi-situacii-z-prigozinim-peskov.html
Budanov: Putin's fragile dictatorship fell
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727019-budanov-tenditna-diktatura-putina-vpala.html
At night the Russians tried to attack the military airfield - the air defense forces destroyed all 13 winged missiles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/unochi-rosiyany-namagalysya-atakuvaty-vijskovyj-aerodrom-syly-ppo-znyshhyly-usi-13-krylatyh-raket/
Defense forces eliminated nearly 700 invaders, destroyed 44 artsystems and 15 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/syly-oborony-likviduvaly-majzhe-700-okupantiv-znyshhyly-44-artsystem-i-15-bbm/
The enemy's offensive on KUB ’ Yansk and Liman directions stopped - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/nastup-voroga-na-kupyanskomu-ta-lymanskomu-napryamkah-zupyneno-ganna-malyar/
The constant readiness to protect the Motherland is gained by painstaking daily labor
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/postijna-gotovnist-do-zahystu-batkivshhyny-zdobuvayetsya-kopitkoyu-shhodennoyu-praczeyu/
Only 43% of Ukraine's population - Ministry of Internal Affairs can be accounted for using shelter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3727001-pridatni-do-vikoristanna-ukritta-mozut-vmistiti-lise-43-naselenna-ukraini-mvs.html
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Ukraine has called on the world to recognize the Russian Federation with a terrorist to prevent a nuclear catastrophe for ZPP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/ukrayina-zaklykala-svit-vyznaty-rf-terorystom-zadlya-nedopushhennya-yadernoyi-katastrofy-na-zaes/
The enemy continues to actively use the winged missiles X-101 and X-555-Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/vorog-prodovzhuye-aktyvno-zastosovuvaty-krylati-rakety-h-101-ta-h-555-yurij-ignat/
Konstantin Pavlenko - World Calling Champion among the military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/kostyantyn-pavlenko-chempion-svitu-zi-skelelazinnya-sered-vijskovyh/
From today in Ukraine, a single register of weapons is fully operated
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/vidsogodni-v-ukrayini-povnoczinno-praczyuye-yedynyj-reyestr-zbroyi/
325 columns were opened in Kryvyi Rih
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727007-u-krivomu-rozi-vidkrili-325-kolonok-dla-naboru-vodi.html
In Germany, the largest NATO history of Air Defender 2023 has been completed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/u-nimechchyni-zavershylys-najbilshi-v-istoriyi-nato-navchannya-aviacziyi-air-defender-2023/
The occupiers failed to move forward in any of the directions - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/okupantam-ne-vdalosya-prosunutysya-vpered-na-zhodnomu-z-napryamkiv-ganna-malyar/
As a result of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station on the right bank of the Dnieper, 86 houses remain flooded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/vnaslidok-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-na-pravomu-berezi-dnipra-zalyshayutsya-pidtoplenymy-86-budynkiv/
Crimes of the Russian Federation against the National Security of Ukraine: more than 17 thousand cases have been recorded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/zlochyny-rf-proty-naczbezpeky-ukrayiny-zafiksovano-ponad-17-tysyach-vypadkiv/
Ukraine returned the bodies of 51 fallen defender
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/ukrayina-povernula-tila-51-poleglogo-zahysnyka/
In Lviv presented the stamp block of stamps "Heroes of Ukraine - border guards"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/u-lvovi-prezentuvaly-poshtovyj-blok-marok-geroyi-ukrayiny-prykordonnyky/
Schleswig-Golstein will make a solidarity partnership with Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/shlezvig-golshtejn-uklade-solidarne-partnerstvo-z-hersonshhynoyu/
US not seeing an increase in radiation level around ZPEP - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727005-ssa-ne-bacat-pidvisenna-rivna-radiacii-navkolo-zaes-bilij-dim.html
149 settlements fired Rosarmia per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/149-naselenyh-punktiv-obstrilyala-rosarmiya-za-dobu/
The World Bank and Donors have allocated additional funds for the restoration of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/krok-solidarnosti-z-ukrayinoyu-svitovyj-bank-i-donory-vydilyly-dodatkovi-koshty-na-vidnovlennya/
The State Security Service has carried out cyber studies for representatives of local authorities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/derzhspeczzvyazku-provela-kibernavchannya-dlya-predstavnykiv-misczevyh-organiv-vlady/
Civilian support centers should become real coordination sites - Irina Vereshchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/czentry-pidtrymky-czyvilnogo-naselennya-mayut-staty-realnymy-koordynaczijnymy-majdanchykamy-iryna-vereshhuk/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy took part in videoconference mode in the events on the occasion of the issue of universities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/volodymyr-zelenskyj-uzyav-uchast-u-rezhymi-videokonferencziyi-v-zahodah-z-nagody-vypusku-oficzeriv-vyshhyh-vijskovyh-navchalnyh-zakladiv/
The first safety rule in any emergency-keep calm!
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/pershe-pravylo-bezpeky-u-bud-yakij-nadzvychajnij-sytuacziyi-zberigajte-spokij/
The occupiers hit Kherson's transport infrastructure - the investigation was launched
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/okupanty-vdaryly-po-transportnij-infrastrukturi-hersona-rozpochato-rozsliduvannya/
More than 25 veterans' editions about the Russian-Ukrainian War will be presented at the XI Book Arsenal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/na-hi-knyzhkovomu-arsenali-za-spryyannya-minveteraniv-budut-predstavleni-ponad-25-veteranskyh-vydan-pro-rosijsko-ukrayinsku-vijnu/
The emergence of the Council of Ukraine - NATO will increase the effectiveness of interaction with the Alliance - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/poyava-formatu-rada-ukrayina-nato-pidvyshhyt-efektyvnist-vzayemodiyi-z-alyansom-oleksij-reznikov/
The enemy concentrates basic efforts in four directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/za-mynulu-dobu-vidbulos-ponad-30-bojovyh-zitknen-v-doneczkij-oblasti/
The enemy for a day 12 times fired at the border communities of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727009-vorog-za-den-12-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonni-gromadi-sumsini.html
US and India's leaders have agreed to participate in the restoration of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/lidery-ssha-ta-indiyi-domovylysya-razom-braty-uchast-u-vidnovlenni-ukrayiny/
Defense forces struck four concentration areas and 23 enemy articles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/syly-oborony-urazyly-chotyry-rajony-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka-ta-23-artpidrozdily/
ZPP should be demilitarized to avoid catastrophe - Vadim Skibitsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/zaes-povynna-buty-demilitaryzovana-shhob-unyknuty-katastrofy-vadym-skibiczkyj/
In Donetsk, Ukrainian anti-aircraft destroyed another helicopter KA-52
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/na-donechchyni-ukrayinski-zenitnyky-znyshhyly-shhe-odyn-vertolit-ka-52/
In Kupyansk direction the enemy got a powerful repel - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/na-kupyanskomu-napryamku-vorog-otrymav-potuzhnu-vidsich-sergij-cherevatyj/
Defense Ministers of Ukraine and Turkey discussed the further development of strategic partnership
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/ministry-oborony-ukrayiny-ta-turechchyny-obgovoryly-podalshyj-rozvytok-strategichnogo-partnerstva/
The invaders want to destroy Ukrainian ships - evidence of criminal temporary occupation of Crimea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/zagarbnyky-hochut-znyshhyty-ukrayinski-korabli-dokazy-zlochynnoyi-tymchasovoyi-okupacziyi-krymu/
The Coordination Headquarters took place on the facts of violation of the Russian Federation of requirements of international humanitarian law
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulas-narada-shhodo-faktiv-porushennya-rf-vymog-mizhnarodnogo-gumanitarnogo-prava/
Aggression protection requires collective and solidarity efforts - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/zahyst-ta-zapobigannya-agresiyi-potrebuye-kolektyvnyh-i-solidarnyh-zusyl-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Switzerland provides Ukraine with more than $ 1.3 million for demining equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/shvejczariya-nadaye-ukrayini-ponad-e12-mln-na-obladnannya-dlya-rozminuvannya/
EU posts have agreed 11 a package of sanctions against Russia - External Intelligence Service
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/postpredy-yevrosoyuzu-pogodyly-11-paket-sankczij-proty-rosiyi-sluzhba-zovnishnoyi-rozvidky/
Vereshchuk about the risks of the ZPP: not to be afraid of Russians, but their cephalopods
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727008-veresuk-pro-riziki-na-zaes-boatis-treba-ne-rosian-a-ihnogo-golovotapstva.html
In Kiev, the participants of the Transformation Program of the Armed Forces took place
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/u-kyyevi-vidbuvsya-vypusk-uchasnykiv-navchalnoyi-programy-transformacziya-zsu/
The 11th package of European sanctions against Russia came into force-Estonia Foreign Ministry
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/11-j-paket-yevropejskyh-sankczij-proty-rosiyi-nabuv-chynnosti-mzs-estoniyi/
Native Chernobyl defenders were handed over to representatives of the coordination headquarters of the flag
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/ridni-zvilnenyh-z-polonu-zahysnykiv-chaes-vruchyly-predstavnykam-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-prapor/
More than 500 explosive objects were neutralized per day of Pyrotechnics of SESS
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-500-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-3/
Alexei Reznikov about NATO Summit in Vilnius: I expect clear terms and conditions of Ukraine's accession to the Alliance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/oleksij-reznikov-pro-samit-nato-u-vilnyusi-ochikuyu-chitkyh-terminiv-ta-umov-vstupu-ukrayiny-do-alyansu/
You believe all the people on earth: the President of Ukraine appealed to the officers - graduates of military universities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/u-vas-viryt-ves-narod-na-zemli-prezydent-ukrayiny-zvernuvsya-do-oficzeriv-vypusknykiv-vijskovyh-vyshiv/
Another window output: Officer shoulder straps received more than 200 lieutenants, 27 of them completed with honors
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/chergovyj-vypusk-u-viknu-oficzerski-pogony-otrymaly-ponad-200-lejtenantiv-z-nyh-27-zavershyly-navchannya-z-vidznakoyu/
In Russian "daggers" and "Iskander" almost 50 foreign components of electronic base - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/u-rosijskyh-kyndzhalah-ta-iskanderah-majzhe-50-inozemnyh-komponentiv-elektronnoyi-bazy-gur/
In the Cathedral of St. Sophia - the wisdom of God was released by military chaplains
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/u-sobori-svyatoyi-sofiyi-premudrosti-bozhoyi-vidbuvsya-vypusk-vijskovyh-kapelaniv/
Russia has increased the number of rocket carriers in the Black Sea to two
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/rosiya-zbilshyla-kilkist-raketonosiyiv-u-chornomu-mori-do-dvoh/
Kichenok and Ostapenko will play in the semi -finals of a paired tournament in Birmingham
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727010-kicenok-ta-ostapenko-zigraut-u-pivfinali-parnogo-turniru-v-birmingemi.html
Defense forces in a week neutralized nearly 8,000 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/syly-oborony-za-tyzhden-zneshkodyly-majzhe-8-tysyach-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-2/
"Our strength - in professionalism" - Anna Malyar on the preparation of military for assault actions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/nasha-syla-v-profesijnosti-ganna-malyar-pro-pidgotovku-vijskovyh-do-shturmovyh-dij/
Ukrainian aviation has made 10 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/ukrayinska-aviacziya-zavdala-10-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
Vadim Denysenko: Putin's most important psychological complex - "Caribbean Crisis Complex"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/vadym-denysenko-najgolovnishyj-psyhologichnyj-kompleks-putina-kompleks-karybskoyi-kryzy/
In Chernihiv, memorable crosses are installed to honor the memory of the dead heroes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/u-chernigovi-vstanovlyuyut-pamyatni-hresty-shhob-vshanuvaty-pamyat-zagyblyh-geroyiv/
Alexei Reznikov congratulated civil servants on a professional holiday
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/oleksij-reznikov-pryvitav-derzhsluzhbovcziv-z-profesijnym-svyatom/
Let the victory of Ukraine and the successful transformation of state institutions will be the best honoring of the memory of all our dead heroes - the appeal of the President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/haj-peremoga-ukrayiny-ta-uspishna-transformacziya-derzhavnyh-instytuczij-bude-najkrashhym-ushanuvannyam-pam%ca%bcyati-vsih-nashyh-geroyiv-zvernennya-prezydenta-volodymyra-zelenskogo/
Dmitry Kuleb about "Dirty Bombs": Ukraine has never had them, has no or plans to develop
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/dmytro-kuleba-pro-brudni-bomby-ukrayina-nikoly-yih-ne-mala-ne-maye-i-ne-planuye/
Two more prisoners of war were returned to Ukraine from Hungary, which were transferred to Moscow Budapest - the Foreign Ministry
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/do-ukrayiny-z-ugorshhyny-povernuly-shhe-dvoh-vijskovopolonenyh-yaki-buly-peredani-moskvoyu-budapeshtu-mzs/
"Security is the first priority" - the address of the Head of State on the results of the NSDC meeting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/bezpeka-pershyj-priorytet-zvernennya-glavy-derzhavy-za-pidsumkamy-zasidannya-rnbo/
Kremlin tactics: To blame others of their crimes to create your own infoaliba - CPD
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/osnovnyj-naratyv-shho-sogodni-prosuvayut-rosijski-media/
Zelensky congratulated the adoption of the 11th package of EU sanctions against Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3727013-zelenskij-privitav-uhvalenna-11go-paketu-sankcij-evrosouzu-proti-rf.html
Only our military who planned an offensive can now evaluate its course - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/tilky-nashi-vijskovi-yaki-planuvaly-operacziyu-nastupu-mozhut-zaraz-oczinyuvaty-yak-vona-jde-ganna-malyar/
During the day, the enemy struck 51 aircraft strike and made about 50 shelling of the RSSS
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/protyagom-doby-vorog-zavdav-51-aviaczijnyj-udar-ta-zdijsnyv-blyzko-50-obstriliv-z-rszv/
Rashists were equipped with a field hospital in a kindergarten in Zaporozhye
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/rashysty-oblashtuvaly-polovyj-shpytal-v-dytsadku-na-zaporizhzhi/
Today is a year as Ukraine received the first jet fire systems M142 HIMARS
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/sogodni-rik-yak-ukrayina-otrymala-pershi-reaktyvni-systemy-zalpovogo-vognyu-m142-himars-valerij-zaluzhnyj/
NATO Secretary General in Germany visited a security group for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/generalnyj-sekretar-nato-u-nimechchyni-vidvidav-grupu-z-bezpekovoyi-dopomogy-ukrayini/
Human Rights Commissioner held an online meeting with a Human Rights Watch representative Bill van Esweeld
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/upovnovazhenyj-vru-z-prav-lyudyny-proviv-onlajn-zustrich-iz-predstavnykom-human-rights-watch-billom-van-esveldom/
As a result of enemy shelling in Orykhov, more than 30 residential buildings were damaged
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/u-rezultati-vorozhogo-obstrilu-v-orihovi-poshkodzheno-ponad-30-zhytlovyh-budivel/
A meeting with the families of the 55th Oabr soldiers took place at the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodynamy-bijcziv-55-oyi-oabr/
The Government has approved the procedure for keeping a register of damaged and destroyed property
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/uryad-zatverdyv-poryadok-vedennya-reyestru-poshkodzhenogo-ta-znyshhenogo-majna/
State budget revenues increased by 45% in May 2023 compared to May 2022 - Minister of Finance of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/dohody-derzhavnogo-byudzhetu-zrosly-na-45-u-travni-2023-roku-porivnyano-z-travnem-2022-roku-ministr-finansiv-ukrayiny/
The White House leaves the right to comment on the pace and the level of complexity of counter -offensive for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727011-bilij-dim-zalisae-pravo-komentuvati-tempi-ta-riven-skladnosti-kontrnastupu-za-ukrainou.html
Another Night Attack of the Russian Federation: Strategic Aviation has launched winged missiles in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727024-cergova-nicna-ataka-rf-strategicna-aviacia-zdijsnila-puski-krilatih-raket-po-ukraini.html
The FSB urged the "Wagnerians" to hand Prigogine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727022-fsb-zaklikalo-vagnerivciv-zdati-prigozina.html
Zaluzhny praised Himars work in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727021-zaluznij-pohvaliv-robotu-himars-v-ukraini.html
Moscow-Rostov's roads are blocked in Russia after the statement of Prigogine-BBC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727020-u-rosii-perekrivaut-dorogi-moskvarostov-pisla-zaav-prigozina-bibisi.html
Moscow-Rostov's roads are blocked in Russia after the statement of Prigogine-BBC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727020-u-rosii-perekrivaut-dorogi-moskvarostov-pisla-zaav-prigozina-bibisi.html
Zaluzhny praised Himars work in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727021-zaluznij-pohvaliv-robotu-himars-v-ukraini.html
The FSB urged the "Wagnerians" to hand Prigogine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727022-fsb-zaklikalo-vagnerivciv-zdati-prigozina.html
Another Night Attack of the Russian Federation: Strategic Aviation has launched winged missiles in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727024-cergova-nicna-ataka-rf-strategicna-aviacia-zdijsnila-puski-krilatih-raket-po-ukraini.html
According to the results of the Conference on Recovery in London, Ukraine will receive a package of international financial support - Denis Shmigal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/za-rezultatamy-konferencziyi-z-vidnovlennya-u-londoni-ukrayina-otrymaye-paket-mizhnarodnoyi-finansovoyi-pidtrymky-denys-shmygal/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====