乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-20

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

Poltavska Oblast(23:05). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/11242
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Donetsk region, Zaporizhzhya region (23:05). Red Alrt: Aerial Tx ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46025
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(23:07). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/25011
Chernihivska Oblast(23:25). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46027
Kyiv, Kyiv Oblast(23:27). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46028
Zhytomyr, Zhytomyrska Oblast(23:55). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46035
Khmelnytska Oblast(00:50). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46038
Rivne, Rivnenska Oblast(01:19). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46041
Zaporizka Oblast(02:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46046
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(02:51). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46047
Donetsk Oblast(03:13). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46048
Russians want to psychologically exhaust our national resistance - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/rosiyany-hochut-psyhologichno-vysnazhyty-nash-naczionalnyj-opir-ganna-malyar/
Ukrainian scientists received the Boris Paton Prize for a significant contribution to supporting the combat capability of the Armed Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/ukrayinski-naukovczi-otrymaly-premiyu-imeni-borysa-patona-za-vagomyj-vnesok-u-pidtrymku-boyezdatnosti-zs-ukrayiny/
What documents are required to pass VLK
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/yaki-dokumenty-neobhidni-dlya-prohodzhennya-vlk/
The bidding will be announced in the near future to organize the food of the Armed Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/najblyzhchym-chasom-budut-ogolosheni-torgy-shhodo-organizacziyi-harchuvannya-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-zbrojnyh-syl/
Tkachenko: No one is going to close the telegram
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3711864-tkacenko-nihto-ne-zbiraetsa-zakrivati-telegram.html
In Kharkiv, a man exploded in his own yard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711839-na-harkivsini-colovik-pidirvavsa-u-vlasnomu-dvori.html
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Bleshnya, Karpovychi of C...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4843
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled Figolivka, Novomlinsk, Petropavlivka, two -year, with ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4844
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Studenok of Kharkiv region; Makiyivka, Nevske, Biloho...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4845
Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Grigorivka, Bogdan ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4846
The native Azov captives were told in the roller as waiting for their heroes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712031-ridni-polonenih-azovciv-rozpovili-v-roliku-ak-cekaut-na-svoih-geroiv.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novokalinova, Berdyshi, Avdiivka, Tonyne, First ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4847
Італія розглядає можливість навчання українських пілотів - Мелоні
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712030-italia-rozgladae-mozlivist-navcanna-ukrainskih-pilotiv-meloni.html
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Marynka, Kurakhov An ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4848
Determined the first rival of Svitolina at the WTA tournament 250 in Strasbourg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712029-viznacilasa-persa-supernica-svitolinoi-na-turniri-wta250-u-strasburi.html
At Shakhtarsk Directive Russian Army Sheled Novomikhailivka, Vukhledar, Bokhoynalen, Maxim ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4849
The national team of Ukraine won silver in team all -around on artistic gymnastics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712027-zbirna-ukraini-zdobula-sriblo-u-komandnomu-bagatoborstvi-na-ce-z-hudoznoi-gimnastiki.html
RheinMetall manager revealed the details of Ukrainian-German production of armored vehicles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712026-kerivnik-rheinmetall-rozkriv-detali-ukrainskonimeckogo-virobnictva-bronovanoi-tehniki.html
In the Dnieper there was an explosion - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712025-u-dnipri-prolunav-vibuh-zmi.html
The enemy for a day seven times fired at Sumy region border, two houses were damaged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712009-vorog-za-den-sim-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-poskodzeni-dva-budinki.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
OP welcomes the EU decision to restrictions for companies that helped Russia bypass sanctions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3712012-op-vitae-risenna-evrosouzu-pro-obmezenna-dla-kompanij-aki-dopomagali-rf-obhoditi-sankcii.html
Manchester City became a prematurely champion of England ahead of schedule
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712011-mancester-siti-dostrokovo-stav-cempionom-anglii.html
In Kharkiv baked a record meadow with strawberries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712010-u-harkovi-spekli-rekordnu-palanicu-z-poluniceu.html
Pope Francis has instructed Cardinal Zuppi Special Mission related to the war in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3712007-papa-francisk-doruciv-kardinalu-zuppi-specmisiu-povazanu-z-vijnou-v-ukraini.html
The hammer's Magnet Matter won the Ukrainian Summer Universiade
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712004-metalnik-molota-kohan-zdobuv-peremogu-na-ukrainskij-litnij-universiadi.html
The first match of the Futsal Extra-Liga of Ukraine took place
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712002-vidbuvsa-persij-matc-finalnoi-serii-futzalnoi-ekstraligi-ukraini.html
Russian fake about the "disappearance" of Zaluzhny is associated with the peak of tension in Bakhmut - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712001-rosijskij-fejk-pro-zniknenna-zaluznogo-povazanij-iz-pikom-naprugi-v-bahmuti-malar.html
The Kalush Orchestra band supported the captives of Azovstal defenders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3711999-gurt-kalush-orchestra-pidtrimav-polonenih-zahisnikiv-azovstali.html
In the case of unlocking the ports of Nikolaev, Ukraine will be able to increase grain exports - Solsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3711996-u-razi-rozblokuvanna-portiv-mikolaeva-ukraina-zmoze-zbilsiti-eksport-zerna-vdvici-solskij.html
In the Black Sea of the Russian Federation holds two rocket launchers with eight calibers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711995-u-cornomu-mori-rf-trimae-dva-raketonosii-iz-vismoma-kalibrami.html
The ISS reacted to Moscow's announcement in the search of the court prosecutor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711994-u-mks-vidreaguvali-na-ogolosenna-moskvou-v-rozsuk-prokurora-sudu.html
The Netherlands canceled the F-16 Sale Agreement to a private company-media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711993-niderlandi-skasuvali-ugodu-pro-prodaz-f16-privatnij-kompanii-zmi.html
Romanchuk came down from the distance to the Open Water Swimming COS
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711984-romancuk-zijsov-z-distancii-na-kubku-svitu-z-plavanna-na-vidkritij-vodi.html
Ukrainian air defense shot down 20 Shahed drones and 1 reconnaissance Merlin-VR drone
https://t.me/kpszsu/2526
Air defense was active in Mariupol
https://t.me/mariupolnow/29386
2 person killed as result of Russian shelling in Beryslav
https://t.me/suspilnenews/20923
Donetsk Oblast(08:46). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46055
President Zelensky has arrived in Hiroshima for G7 summit
https://t.me/espresotb/63044
Russian army conducted 6 missile strikes, 62 airstrikes and 65 shelling with MLRS across Ukra...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4842
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka, Shakhtarske and Mary...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4851
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Huliaipole, Novodanylivka, Mali S...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4850
Russian media report of foiled infiltration attempt of Ukrainian saboteur group at the border...
https://t.me/bazabazon/17805
Drone was shot down near Antonovka village of Belgorod region yesterday evening
https://t.me/bazabazon/17806
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(11:49). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/25021
Zaporizhzhya region, Donetsk region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region (11:50). Red Alrt: Aerial Tx ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46062
Donetsk Oblast(13:53). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46068
Zaporizka Oblast(13:55). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46069
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(14:02). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46070
Zaporizka Oblast(15:24). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12977
Sumska Oblast(15:24). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46081
Kirovohrad region, Cherkasy region (15: ZZ). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding. So...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46085
Zaporizka Oblast(16:26). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46095
Explosions reported in Tokmak
https://t.me/Tsaplienko/32170
The Azov management warehouse is on a closed regime facility in Turkey - Redis's wife
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3711791-kerivnij-sklad-azovu-perebuvae-na-zakritomu-rezimnomu-obekti-v-tureccini-druzina-redisa.html
Ukraine's female Basketball 3x3 of Ukraine sensationally won Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711790-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-basketbolu-3h3-sensacijno-peremogla-nimeccinu.html
Dancer, Syrsky and Zaluzhny: the Ministry of Defense recorded enemy fakes about the "death" of commander
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711795-tancura-sirskij-i-zaluznij-minoboroni-zafiksuvalo-vorozi-fejki-pro-zagibel-komanduvaciv.html
HC "Sokil" signed a contract with the exfortvad of the national team of Ukraine Romashchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711797-hk-sokil-pidpisav-kontrakt-z-eksforvardom-zbirnoi-ukraini-romasenkom.html
G7 calls to accept international technical standards for artificial intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3711800-g7-zaklikae-prijnati-miznarodni-tehnicni-standarti-dla-stucnogo-intelektu.html
Lubinets called Amnesty International not to succumb to Russian narratives
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711802-lubinec-zaklikav-amnesty-international-ne-piddavatisa-na-rosijski-narativi.html
The SBU exposed 12 more pro -Russian agitators in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3711803-sbu-vikrila-v-ukraini-se-12-prorosijskih-agitatoriv.html
Russia cannot offer a global south nothing but weapons and mercenaries - von der Liaen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711805-rosia-ne-moze-zaproponuvati-globalnomu-pivdnu-nicogo-krim-zbroi-ta-najmanciv-fon-der-laen.html
Zelensky met in Japan with Sunak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711806-zelenskij-zustrivsa-v-aponii-z-sunakom.html
In the Bakhmut direction, battles continue for each meter of territory - Syrsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711807-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-boi-trivaut-za-kozen-metr-teritorii-sirskij.html
Due to enemy shelling without light remained consumers in six areas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711810-cerez-vorozi-obstrili-bez-svitla-zalisilis-spozivaci-u-sesti-oblastah.html
Defender of FC Dynamo Popov will not play with Alexandria due to injury
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711821-zahisnik-fk-dinamo-popov-ne-zigrae-z-oleksandrieu-cerez-travmu.html
G7 leaders have agreed on the plan of opposition to the "armed energy"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3711822-lideri-g7-uzgodili-plan-protidii-ozbroenij-energetici-rosii.html
In Kiev there was a course "Waiting home the heroes of Mariupol"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3711823-u-kievi-vidbulasa-hoda-cekaemo-dodomu-geroiv-mariupola.html
President of PACE: Ukraine decides when holding elections
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711826-prezident-pare-ukraini-samij-virisuvati-koli-provoditi-vibori.html
In Kherson, the tractor driver exploded on the explosive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711827-na-hersonsini-traktorist-pidirvavsa-na-vibuhivci.html
Zelensky discussed the preparation of Ukrainian pilots from Meloni
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711829-zelenskij-obgovoriv-z-meloni-pidgotovku-ukrainskih-pilotiv.html
Tkachenko discussed with museums development of the sphere in wartime
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3711835-tkacenko-obgovoriv-iz-muzejnikami-rozvitok-sferi-u-voennij-cas.html
The enemy tightens in Bakhmut airborne and motor -rifle units - Cherry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711834-vorog-pidtague-u-bahmut-povitranodesantni-j-motostrilecki-pidrozdili-cerevatij.html
NHL: Vegas has overcome Dallas in the game of the Western Conference of the Stanley Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711837-nhl-vegas-zdolav-dallas-u-gri-finalu-zahidnoi-konferencii-kubka-stenli.html
The Russians are firing Tokmak and Molochansk to force people to "evacuate" - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711841-rosiani-obstriluut-tokmak-ta-molocansk-abi-primusiti-ludej-evakuuvatisa-fedorov.html
Nadiya Kichenok gave way to the WTA 125 paired tournament in Paris
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711849-nadia-kicenok-postupilasa-u-finali-parnogo-turniru-wta-125-u-parizi.html
In the west of Spain, through forest fires, the residents of several villages were evacuated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711852-na-zahodi-ispanii-cerez-lisovi-pozezi-evakuuvali-meskanciv-kilkoh-sil.html
In Bakhmut and Kupyansk directions, Russians spend up to 35 thousand shells every day - a cherry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711853-na-bahmutskomu-i-kupanskomu-napramkah-rosiani-sodobi-vitracaut-do-35-tisac-snaradiv-cerevatij.html
The enemy of additional forces to Bakhmut indicates the failure of their offensive - Yusov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711854-perekidanna-vorogom-dodatkovih-sil-do-bahmuta-svidcit-pro-proval-ih-nastupu-usov.html
Among the owners of the object of critical infrastructure in the Rivne region were Russians - police
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711856-sered-vlasnikiv-obekta-kriticnoi-infrastrukturi-na-rivnensini-buli-rosiani-policia.html
Zelensky invited India's premiere to join the Peace Formula implementation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711858-zelenskij-zaprosiv-premera-indii-priednatisa-do-realizacii-formuli-miru.html
Five people were detained in Kyiv region for abuse and sexual abuse over an 11-year-old girl
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711861-na-kiivsini-zatrimali-patoh-osib-za-znusanna-ta-seksualne-nasilstvo-nad-11ricnou-divcinkou.html
In Kharkiv, a man exploded in his own yard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711839-na-harkivsini-colovik-pidirvavsa-u-vlasnomu-dvori.html
Tkachenko: No one is going to close the telegram
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3711864-tkacenko-nihto-ne-zbiraetsa-zakrivati-telegram.html
Chernomorets lost "Minai" in the 27th round of the Football Premier League of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711866-cornomorec-prograv-minau-u-27u-turi-futbolnoi-premerligi-ukraini.html
Erdogan stated that not ready to approve Sweden membership in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711867-erdogan-zaaviv-so-ne-gotovij-shvaliti-clenstvo-svecii-u-nato.html
Klopotenko published a new book with children's dishes recipes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3711868-klopotenko-vidav-novu-knigu-z-receptami-ditacih-strav.html
Antimonopoly law violation: India will counteract Google
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3711870-porusenna-antimonopolnogo-zakonodavstva-india-protidiatime-google.html
World Embroidery Day was celebrated in Tel Aviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3711872-vsesvitnij-den-visivanki-vidznacili-u-telavivi.html
A trailer for the documentary "Where where" was published about the evacuation of Ukrainians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3711873-vijsov-trejler-dokumentalnogo-filmu-zvidki-kudi-pro-evakuaciu-ukrainciv.html
The Fencing Federation of Ukraine has announced the collection of funds for appeal by FIE on the admission of Russians and Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711876-federacia-fehtuvanna-ukraini-ogolosila-zbir-kostiv-na-oskarzenna-risen-fie-pro-dopusk-rosian-i-bilorusiv.html
Ministry of Justice: Register of losses - a significant step in the process of bringing the Russian Federation to justice for aggression
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711877-minust-reestr-zbitkiv-vagomij-krok-u-procesi-pritagnenna-rf-do-vidpovidalnosti-za-agresiu.html
The ambassador reacted to the words of the Polish Foreign Minister of Poland about how Ukraine should apologize for the Volyn tragedy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711880-posol-vidreaguvav-na-slova-recnika-mzs-polsi-pro-te-ak-ukraina-mae-vibacitisa-za-volinsku-tragediu.html
Introduction to the EU: Zelensky discussed with Michel Ukraine's "homework"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711882-vstup-do-es-zelenskij-obgovoriv-iz-miselem-vikonanna-ukrainou-domasnogo-zavdanna.html
In Georgia near the hotel where the daughter of Lavrov is allegedly, there were clashes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711879-bila-gotelu-v-gruzii-de-nibito-perebuvae-donka-lavrova-stalisa-suticki.html
Klitschko with representatives of the diploma opened the exhibition "Kiev. The unbreakable heart of Europe ”
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3711883-klicko-z-predstavnikami-dipmisij-vidkrili-vistavku-kiiv-nezlamne-serce-evropi.html
More than 20 Ukrainian military developments can strengthen the country's defense - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3711887-ponad-20-ukrainskih-vijskovih-rozrobok-mozut-posiliti-oboronu-kraini-fedorov.html
After 2023, the EU can offer Ukraine a long -term macro -financial package - Michelle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711888-pisla-2023-roku-es-moze-zaproponuvati-ukraini-bagatoricnij-makrofinansovij-paket-misel.html
In the Kherson region, they were forbidden to collect metal from the remains of Russian equipment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711890-na-hersonsini-zaboronili-zbirati-metalolom-vid-zaliskiv-rosijskoi-tehniki.html
UPL: "Zorya" won "Ingulets"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711891-upl-zora-peremogla-ingulec.html
The Insider named European companies that still provide an army of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3711892-the-insider-nazvav-evropejski-kompanii-aki-vse-se-zabezpecuut-armiu-rf.html
In Zaporozhye as a result of night attack, 87 homes are damaged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711894-na-zaporizzi-vnaslidok-nicnoi-ataki-poskodzeni-87-budinkiv.html
The Ambassador of Israel during a meeting with the main rabbi of Ukraine assured the continuation of assistance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3711896-posol-izrailu-pid-cas-zustrici-z-golovnim-rabinom-ukraini-zapevniv-u-prodovzenni-nadanna-dopomogi.html
In the US, the condition of transfer to Ukraine F-16 was called to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711899-u-ssa-nazvali-umovu-peredaci-ukraini-litakiv-f16.html
Zelensky in Japan had a meeting with Macron
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711900-zelenskij-u-aponii-proviv-zustric-iz-makronom.html
More than 500 civilian medical institutions are involved in VLK, their network expands - the MoH
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3711902-do-vlk-zalucautsa-ponad-500-civilnih-medzakladiv-ih-mereza-rozsiruetsa-moz.html
The F-18 fighter has crashed in Spain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711904-v-ispanii-zaznav-avarii-vinisuvac-f18.html
Russians are preparing for elections in the captured territory of Zaporizhzhya region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711906-rosiani-gotuutsa-do-provedenna-viboriv-na-zahoplenij-teritorii-zaporizkoi-oblasti.html
Zelensky coordinated with Scholz position before the G7 summit meeting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711908-zelenskij-skoordinuvav-z-solcom-pozicii-naperedodni-zasidanna-samitu-g7.html
Instagram plans to run a Twitter competitor in the summer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3711911-instagram-planue-zapustiti-vlitku-konkurenta-twitter.html
Strengthening the air defense system: Reznikov announced Ramstein next week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711912-zmicnenna-sistemi-ppo-reznikov-anonsuvav-ramstajn-nastupnogo-tizna.html
Dynamo won Alexandria in UPL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711914-dinamo-peremoglo-oleksandriu-v-upl.html
La Liga: "Giron" with Tsigankov gave way to "Vilmarreal"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711922-la-liga-zirona-z-cigankovim-postupilasa-vilarrealu.html
Bakhmut's situation is critical, Ukrainian fighters keep defense in one of the districts - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711924-situacia-u-bahmuti-kriticna-ukrainski-bijci-trimaut-oboronu-v-odnomu-z-rajoniv-malar.html
Sumy opened the metal sculpture "Cat with a lantern", which was created by the dead defender
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711933-u-sumah-vidkrili-metalevu-skulpturu-kit-z-lihtarem-aku-stvoriv-zagiblij-zahisnik.html
The Ukrainian national team has won the maximum quota for a gymnastics World Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711932-zbirna-ukraini-zdobula-maksimalnu-kvotu-na-cs-z-hudoznoi-gimnastiki.html
Agrarian production will drop by 10% compared to last year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3711935-agrarne-virobnictvo-znizitsa-na-10-porivnano-z-minulim-rokom.html
In the Poltava region, a fire in a fuel was extinguished by a robotic system
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711936-na-poltavsini-zagasili-pozezu-v-benzovozi-za-dopomogou-robotizovanoi-sistemi.html
The Museum in Pirogov opened a restored central entrance - "Ethnoportal"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3711937-u-muzei-v-pirogovi-vidkrili-vidrestavrovanij-centralnij-vhid-etnoportal.html
Georgia President called for boycott of airline flying to Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711940-prezidentka-gruzii-zaklikala-bojkotuvati-aviakompaniu-aka-litae-v-rosiu.html
G7 countries agreed with the need to continue to support Ukraine - Scholtz
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711947-kraini-g7-pogodilisa-z-neobhidnistu-prodovzuvati-pidtrimuvati-ukrainu-solc.html
Lavrov's wedding in Georgia will not happen - Zurabishvili
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711948-vesilla-rodini-lavrova-u-gruzii-ne-vidbudetsa-zurabisvili.html
In Kharkiv, hostile Dron Kamikadze kissed the infrastructure object
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711949-u-harkovi-vorozij-dronkamikadze-pociliv-u-obekt-infrastrukturi.html
For Bakhmut, no heavy fighting stops
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711956-za-bahmut-ne-pripinautsa-vazki-boi.html
Meloni will go from the G7 summit in advance through floods in Italy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711957-meloni-zavcasno-poide-z-samitu-g7-cerez-poveni-v-italii.html
Due to oil sanctions, Russia lost $ 40 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3711958-cerez-sankcii-na-naftu-rosia-vtratila-40-milardiv.html
Weapons, Air Defense and Fighters: President announced new steps with partners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711962-zbroa-ppo-ta-vinisuvaci-prezident-anonsuvav-novi-kroki-z-partnerami.html
In the south aircraft destroyed five Russian drones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711959-na-pivdni-ppo-znisila-pat-rosijskih-bezpilotnikiv.html
In the Lugansk direction the enemy overnight killed at least 400 civilians - intercepting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711960-na-luganskomu-napramku-vorog-za-nic-vbiv-ne-mens-ak-400-civilnih-perehoplenna.html
Zelensky: We attract as many countries as possible to strengthen defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711961-zelenskij-zalucaemo-aknajbilse-krain-dla-posilenna-oboroni.html
Brazil's President wants to meet Zelensky in Japan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711963-prezident-brazilii-hoce-zustritisa-z-zelenskim-v-aponii.html
3x3 Basketball Women's Basketball Team came out in the world series playoffs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711964-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-basketbolu-3h3-vijsla-u-plejof-svitovoi-serii.html
The enemy from heavy artillery was fired at the Nikopol district, wounded woman
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711969-vorog-iz-vazkoi-artilerii-obstrilav-nikopolskij-rajon-poranena-zinka.html
The Snow Maid was unable to go to the Finnie's finals in France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711974-snigur-ne-zmogla-vijti-u-final-60tisacnika-u-francii.html
In Switzerland, a tourist plane crashed - there are dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711977-u-svejcarii-rozbivsa-turisticnij-litak-e-zagibli.html
Podolyak named five major issues that Ukraine will raise at the G7 summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711979-podolak-nazvav-pat-osnovnih-pitan-aki-ukraina-porusuvatime-na-samiti-g7.html
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(15:23). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/15673
Sachko won Marchenko in the qualification of the tournament in Switzerland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711981-sacko-peremig-marcenka-v-kvalifikacii-turniru-u-svejcarii.html
The wife of the dead at the front of the defender Vitaliy Kirkach-Antonenko gave birth to a daughter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3711983-druzina-zagiblogo-na-fronti-zahisnika-vitalia-kirkacaantonenka-narodila-donku.html
Summit participants in Hiroshima adopted a statement on food security actions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711985-ucasniki-samitu-v-hirosimi-uhvalili-zaavu-sodo-dij-u-galuzi-prodovolcoi-bezpeki.html
The newly elected President of Montenegro took the oath, remembering the war in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711988-novoobranij-prezident-cornogorii-sklav-prisagu-zgadavsi-pro-vijnu-v-ukraini.html
In the Zaporozhye region as a result of the shelling of the Russian Federation is damaged the fire department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711989-u-zaporizkij-oblasti-vnaslidok-obstrilu-rf-poskodzena-pozezna-castina.html
Azovstal was shown in Kiev. Voice ”
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3711990-u-kievi-pokazali-vistavu-azovstal-golosi.html
The Netherlands canceled the F-16 Sale Agreement to a private company-media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711993-niderlandi-skasuvali-ugodu-pro-prodaz-f16-privatnij-kompanii-zmi.html
The ISS reacted to Moscow's announcement in the search of the court prosecutor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711994-u-mks-vidreaguvali-na-ogolosenna-moskvou-v-rozsuk-prokurora-sudu.html
In the Black Sea of the Russian Federation holds two rocket launchers with eight calibers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711995-u-cornomu-mori-rf-trimae-dva-raketonosii-iz-vismoma-kalibrami.html
In the case of unlocking the ports of Nikolaev, Ukraine will be able to increase grain exports - Solsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3711996-u-razi-rozblokuvanna-portiv-mikolaeva-ukraina-zmoze-zbilsiti-eksport-zerna-vdvici-solskij.html
The Kalush Orchestra band supported the captives of Azovstal defenders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3711999-gurt-kalush-orchestra-pidtrimav-polonenih-zahisnikiv-azovstali.html
Russian fake about the "disappearance" of Zaluzhny is associated with the peak of tension in Bakhmut - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712001-rosijskij-fejk-pro-zniknenna-zaluznogo-povazanij-iz-pikom-naprugi-v-bahmuti-malar.html
The first match of the Futsal Extra-Liga of Ukraine took place
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712002-vidbuvsa-persij-matc-finalnoi-serii-futzalnoi-ekstraligi-ukraini.html
The hammer's Magnet Matter won the Ukrainian Summer Universiade
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712004-metalnik-molota-kohan-zdobuv-peremogu-na-ukrainskij-litnij-universiadi.html
Pope Francis has instructed Cardinal Zuppi Special Mission related to the war in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3712007-papa-francisk-doruciv-kardinalu-zuppi-specmisiu-povazanu-z-vijnou-v-ukraini.html
In Kharkiv baked a record meadow with strawberries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712010-u-harkovi-spekli-rekordnu-palanicu-z-poluniceu.html
Manchester City became a prematurely champion of England ahead of schedule
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712011-mancester-siti-dostrokovo-stav-cempionom-anglii.html
OP welcomes the EU decision to restrictions for companies that helped Russia bypass sanctions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3712012-op-vitae-risenna-evrosouzu-pro-obmezenna-dla-kompanij-aki-dopomagali-rf-obhoditi-sankcii.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
The enemy for a day seven times fired at Sumy region border, two houses were damaged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712009-vorog-za-den-sim-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-poskodzeni-dva-budinki.html
In the Dnieper there was an explosion - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712025-u-dnipri-prolunav-vibuh-zmi.html
RheinMetall manager revealed the details of Ukrainian-German production of armored vehicles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712026-kerivnik-rheinmetall-rozkriv-detali-ukrainskonimeckogo-virobnictva-bronovanoi-tehniki.html
The national team of Ukraine won silver in team all -around on artistic gymnastics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712027-zbirna-ukraini-zdobula-sriblo-u-komandnomu-bagatoborstvi-na-ce-z-hudoznoi-gimnastiki.html
Determined the first rival of Svitolina at the WTA tournament 250 in Strasbourg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712029-viznacilasa-persa-supernica-svitolinoi-na-turniri-wta250-u-strasburi.html
Italy considers the possibility of teaching Ukrainian pilots - meloni
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712030-italia-rozgladae-mozlivist-navcanna-ukrainskih-pilotiv-meloni.html
The native Azov captives were told in the roller as waiting for their heroes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712031-ridni-polonenih-azovciv-rozpovili-v-roliku-ak-cekaut-na-svoih-geroiv.html
Donetsk region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Kherson, Kherson region, Poltava region (15: 2 ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46079
Ukraine and the world are against Russian aggression. Sanctions in action
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-sankcziyi-v-diyi-12/
About 62 billion hryvnias have already been raised in the Fund for Elimination of the Consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/fondi-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-zbrojnoyi-agresiyi-rosiyi-vzhe-maye-blyzko-62-mlrd-gryven/
Ukrainian artillerymen showed how much "live" tank of racists on the battlefield
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/ukrayinski-artylerysty-pokazaly-skilky-zhyve-tank-rashystiv-na-poli-boyu/
The occupier told about significant losses among the recently mobilized - intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/okupant-rozpovidaye-pro-znachni-vtraty-sered-neshhodavno-mobilizovanyh-gur/
"Ukrainian Nazis" and "Radioactive Cloud" - Russian special services invent new fakes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/ukrayinski-naczysty-i-radioaktyvna-hmara-rosijski-speczsluzhby-vygaduyut-novi-fejky/
Anthony Blinken declared the introduction of new sanctions against
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/entoni-blinken-zayavyv-pro-zaprovadzhennya-novyh-sankcziyi-proty-rosiyi/
Korea Government is looking for technical assistance to mine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/uryad-koreyi-shukaye-mozhlyvosti-nadannya-tehnichnoyi-dopomogy-dlya-rozminuvannya-ukrayiny/
Our warriors destroyed three winged caliber missiles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/nashi-voyiny-znyshhyly-16-bpla-shahed-ta-try-krylati-rakety-kalibr/
Denmark is ready to teach Ukrainian pilots to manage F-16 fighters-Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/golova-verhovnoyi-rady-ukrayiny-podilyvsya-garnymy-novynamy-z-daniyi/
70 combat clashes took place in Liman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/70-bojovyh-zitknen-vidbulosya-na-lymanskomu-bahmutskomu-avdiyivskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah/
The occupiers continue to assign the real estate of Ukrainian citizens to Tot
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/okupanty-prodovzhuyut-pryvlasnyuvaty-neruhomist-gromadyan-ukrayiny-na-tot/
Destroyed 20 shock drones Shahd-136/131
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/znyshheno-20-udarnyh-bezpilotnykiv-shahed-136-131/
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated more than 600 invaders, destroyed 4 tanks and 19 artsystems
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-ponad-600-okupantiv-znyshhyly-4-tanky-i-19-artsystem/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-2/
Victory in modern conflicts depends directly on the scientific and technical capacity of the country-the head of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/peremoga-u-suchasnyh-konfliktah-napryamu-zalezhyt-vid-naukovo-tehnichnoyi-potuzhnosti-krayiny-nachalnyk-genshtabu-zs-ukrayiny/
Greetings of the Minister of Defense of Ukraine on the occasion of Science Day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/pryvitannya-ministra-oborony-ukrayiny-z-nagody-dnya-nauky/
Oleksandr Pavlyuk made an official visit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/oleksandr-pavlyuk-z-oficzijnym-vizytom-vidvidav-litpolukrbryg/
The occupiers continue to fire Kherson region by managed airbugs - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/okupanty-prodovzhuyut-obstrilyuvaty-hersonshhynu-kerovanymy-aviabombamy-nataliya-gumenyuk/
The Russians did not have another plan for the capture of Kiev other than the landing of the landing in Gostomel - Kirill Budanov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/rosiyany-ne-maly-inshogo-planu-zahoplennya-kyyeva-krim-vysadky-desantu-v-gostomeli-kyrylo-budanov/
An exhibition dedicated to tragic events in Mariupol was opened in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/u-kyyevi-vidkryly-vystavku-prysvyachenu-tragichnym-podiyam-u-mariupoli/
Cyril Budanov: "Actively Russia has begun to prepare for aggression against Ukraine since 2007"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/kyrylo-budanov-aktyvno-rosiya-pochala-gotuvatysya-do-agresiyi-proty-ukrayiny-z-2007-roku/
There are positive signals that Soviet technique can soon go down in history - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/ye-pozytyvni-sygnaly-pro-te-shho-radyanska-tehnika-skoro-mozhe-pity-v-istoriyu-yurij-ignat/
We recorded three enemy fake news about the "death" of our commanders - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/my-zafiksuvaly-try-vorozhi-fejkovi-novyny-pro-zagybel-nashyh-komanduvachiv-ganna-malyar/
Putin does not trust his environment, afraid of the inner coup - Cyril Budanov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/putin-ne-doviryaye-svoyemu-otochennyu-boyitsya-vnutrishnogo-perevorotu-kyrylo-budanov/
The future military justice system should include military lawyers - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/majbutnya-systema-vijskovoyi-yustycziyi-maye-vklyuchaty-i-vijskovyh-advokativ-ganna-malyar/
In the Black Sea on combat duty Russia holds one carbon carrier
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/v-chornomu-mori-na-bojovomu-cherguvanni-rosiya-trymaye-odyn-nosij-kalibriv/
Cyril Budanov: "We will receive three million people that lived under Russian propaganda for nine years"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/kyrylo-budanov-my-otrymayemo-try-miljony-naselennya-yake-devyat-rokiv-zhylo-pid-rosijskoyu-propagandoyu/
Western aircraft will become an important element of the protection of the Ukrainian sky - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/zahidni-litaky-stanut-vazhlyvym-elementom-zahystu-ukrayinskogo-neba-oleksij-reznikov/
Without specialized knowledge, the civilian will be difficult legally correctly assessing the actions of the military - Sergey Naev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/bez-speczialnyh-znan-czyvilnij-osobi-bude-vazhko-yurydychno-virno-oczinyty-diyi-vijskovogo-sergij-nayev/
Over the past day, the enemy fired at the territory of 10 regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-protyvnyk-obstrilyav-terytoriyu-10-oblastej-ukrayiny/
In the Bakhmut direction, 13 field warehouses were destroyed with invaders' ammunition - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-znyshheno-13-polovyh-skladiv-iz-boyeprypasamy-okupantiv-sergij-cherevatyj/
They land the enemy: warriors who defend the airspace of our country
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/vony-pryzemlyayut-voroga-voyiny-yaki-boronyat-povitryanyj-prostir-nashoyi-krayiny/
There are heavy battles in Bakhmut. Our troops keep defense in the area "aircraft" - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/v-bahmuti-vazhki-boyi-nashi-vijska-trymayut-oboronu-v-rajoni-litak-ganna-malyar/
We count on a significant contribution of Korea to Ukraine's reconstruction - Yulia Sviridenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/rozrahovuyemo-na-vagomyj-vnesok-koreyi-u-vidbudovu-ukrayiny-yuliya-svyrydenko/
Our Arta struck 4 areas of concentration and one "important goal" enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/nasha-arta-urazyla-4-rajony-zoseredzhennya-ta-odnu-vazhlyvu-czil-voroga/
The opponent focuses basic efforts in five directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/protyvnyk-zoseredzhuye-osnovni-zusyllya-na-pyaty-napryamkah/
Medical facilities in temporarily captured territories are filled with unarlined racists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/medzaklady-na-tymchasovo-zahoplenyh-terytoriyah-zapovneni-nedostrilyanymy-rashystamy/
We attract as many countries and leaders for the sake of Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/zaluchayemo-yaknajbilshe-krayin-i-lideriv-zarady-ukrayiny-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
SCO eliminates the occupiers in Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/sso-pokazaly-yak-nashi-zahysnyky-nyshhat-voroga-u-bahmuti/
Glavcom on the spot. Does his job. Just communicated - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/rosiyany-zapustyly-informaczijnu-hvylyu-pro-nibyto-znyknennya-valeriya-zaluzhnogo-ganna-malyar/
The occupier talks about the murder of civilian soldiers of the Russian Federation - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/okupant-rozpovidaye-pro-vbyvstvo-czyvilnyh-soldatamy-rf-perehoplennya-gur/
Special Forces destroyed 8 more vehicles and 2 buildings with enemy personnel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/speczpryznachenczi-znyshhyly-shhe-8-odynycz-tehniky-ta-2-budivli-z-osobovym-skladom-voroga/
The fifth of enemy drones in the south of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/znyshheno-shhe-p%e2%80%b2yat-vorozhyh-bezpilotnykiv-na-pivdni-ukrayiny/
Short. War. Day 451. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/korotko-vijna-den-451-videodajdzhest/
Blinken urged the power of Belarus to immediately release all political prisoners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712037-blinken-zaklikav-vladu-bilorusi-negajno-zvilniti-vsih-politvazniv.html
For work in the Lavra for 2007-2013, ₴ 85 million - Tkachenko was allocated from the state budget
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3712028-na-roboti-u-lavri-za-20072013-roki-z-derzbudzetu-vidilili-85-miljoniv-tkacenko.html
Beijing was indignant with the call of the G7 Summit to Taiwan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712036-pekin-oburivsa-zaklikom-samitu-g7-do-miru-z-tajvanem.html
Ignati: When will F-16 we will win this war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712035-ignat-koli-budut-f16-mi-vigraemo-cu-vijnu.html
Yermak discussed the formula of peace with advisers to US, Britain, France and Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712034-ermak-obgovoriv-formulu-miru-z-radnikami-lideriv-ssa-britanii-francii-ta-nimeccini.html
On Sunday, Ukraine warms up to +23 °, sometimes likely thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711938-u-nedilu-ukrainu-progrie-do-23-podekudi-jmovirni-grozi.html
In Dnipropetrovsk there was an aircraft - the head of the Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712033-na-dnipropetrovsini-pracuvala-ppo-golova-ova.html
In Dnipropetrovsk there was an aircraft - the head of the Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712033-na-dnipropetrovsini-pracuvala-ppo-golova-ova.html
On Sunday, Ukraine warms up to +23 °, sometimes likely thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711938-u-nedilu-ukrainu-progrie-do-23-podekudi-jmovirni-grozi.html
Yermak discussed the formula of peace with advisers to US, Britain, France and Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712034-ermak-obgovoriv-formulu-miru-z-radnikami-lideriv-ssa-britanii-francii-ta-nimeccini.html
Ignati: When will F-16 we will win this war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712035-ignat-koli-budut-f16-mi-vigraemo-cu-vijnu.html
Beijing was indignant with the call of the G7 Summit to Taiwan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712036-pekin-oburivsa-zaklikom-samitu-g7-do-miru-z-tajvanem.html
For work in the Lavra for 2007-2013, ₴ 85 million - Tkachenko was allocated from the state budget
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3712028-na-roboti-u-lavri-za-20072013-roki-z-derzbudzetu-vidilili-85-miljoniv-tkacenko.html
Blinken urged the power of Belarus to immediately release all political prisoners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712037-blinken-zaklikav-vladu-bilorusi-negajno-zvilniti-vsih-politvazniv.html
The number dead from flood in Italy increased to 14
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712039-kilkist-zagiblih-vid-poveni-v-italii-zrosla-do-14.html
On the border with Romania detained a Russian who is illegally in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712040-na-kordoni-z-rumunieu-zatrimali-rosianina-akij-nezakonno-perebuvae-v-ukraini.html
Exposed 12 more pro-Russian online agitators
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/sbu-vykryla-shhe-12-prorosijskyh-internet-agitatoriv/
The Joint Forces Command showed the daily work of our artillerymen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/komanduvannya-obyednanyh-syl-pokazalo-shhodennu-robotu-nashyh-artylerystiv/
What to do if a loved one disappeared
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/shho-robyty-yakshho-blyzka-lyudyna-znykla-bezvisty/
As the Marines destroy the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/morpihy-pokazaly-yak-nyshhat-okupantiv/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====