乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-30

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled Kolodyazne, Figololivka, Novomlinsk, two -year, Nagu ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5219
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske, Ver...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5220
At Bahmut Direction Russia Army Shellled Vasukivka, Orichovo-Vasilka, Marks, Chromes, C ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5221
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Berdyshi, Avdiivka, Vodyane, Karlovka And First ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5222
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Maryinka and Pobyeda of Donetsk region. Russian av...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5223
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Levadne, Olhivske, Huliaipole, Za...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5225
Ukrainian Aeraconian not only detect but also destroy the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/ukrayinski-aerorozvidnyky-ne-lyshe-vyyavlyayut-a-j-znyshhuyut-voroga/
The occupiers want to get wounds to get home as soon
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/okupanty-hochut-yaknajshvydshe-vtekty-dodomu-navit-poranyvshy-sebe-perehoplennya-gur/
Ukrainian defenders per day destroyed the enemy Su-25 aircraft and three reconnaissance UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-znyshhyly-rosijskyj-vorozhyj-litak-su-25-ta-3-rozviduvalnyh-bpla/
On the Liman, Bakhmut and Marinsky directions - heavy fights
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/na-lymanskomu-bahmutskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah-vazhki-boyi/
Volodymyr Zelensky proposed the main directions of transformation that Ukraine should be carried out in decades
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/volodymyr-zelenskyj-zaproponuvav-osnovni-napryamy-transformacziyi-yaku-ukrayina-maye-zdijsnyty-za-desyatyrichchya/
The rescue operation has been completed in Kramatorsk: 12 dead are known
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/u-kramatorsku-zaversheno-ryatuvalnu-operacziyu-vidomo-pro-12-zagyblyh/
Offensive, the situation at the front and the needs of the Armed Forces: Valery Zaluzhny spoke with Mark Millie
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/nastup-sytuacziya-na-fronti-ta-potreby-zsu-valerij-zaluzhnyj-pospilkuvavsya-z-markom-milli/
In the United Kingdom, Ukrainian troops in tactical medicine continue
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/u-velykij-brytaniyi-tryvaye-navchannya-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-z-taktychnoyi-medyczyny/
The General Staff showed how the international exercises of the Navy "SI Breeze" are taking place
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/genshtab-pokazav-yak-prohodyat-mizhnarodnyai-navchannya-vms-si-bryz/
Mobile operators will reserve the numbers of dead or missing defenders for 2 years
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/mobilni-operatory-rezervuvatymut-nomery-zagyblyh-chy-znyklyh-zahysnykiv-na-2-roky/
During the last day, the Russians have inflicted 2 missile and 50 air strikes in Ukraine, there are victims
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-rosiyany-zavdaly-2-raketnyh-ta-50-aviaudariv-po-ukrayini-ye-postrazhdali/
Defense forces per day eliminated nearly 700 invaders, destroyed 27 Artisystems and 10 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-700-okupantiv-znyshhyly-27-artsystem-i-10-bbm/
A lifelong term of imprisonment received a prosecutor who gave the enemy the position of the Armed Forces in Mykolaiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/za-materialamy-sbu-dovichnyj-termin-uvyaznennya-otrymav-prokuror-yakyj-zdavav-vorogu-pozycziyi-zsu-na-mykolayivshhyni/
The Center for Combating Misinformation reported the main narratives promoting Russian media
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/czentr-protydiyi-dezinformacziyi-povidomlyaye-pro-osnovnyj-naratyv-shho-prosuvayut-rosijski-zmi/
Ukraine received $ 1.2 billion in US and Finland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/ukrayina-otrymala-12-mlrd-grantovyh-koshtiv-vid-ssha-ta-finlyandiyi/
The second authorized economic operator - the State Customs Service appeared in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729984-v-ukraini-zavivsa-drugij-avtorizovanij-ekonomicnij-operator-derzmitsluzba.html
JSC Marinka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Neoelsk, Alexandropil, Krasnogorivka, Marinka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5232
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Novomikhailivka, Wondering, Village, Golden ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5233
France is suspended by buses and trams through mass riots
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729937-u-francii-prizupinaut-ruh-avtobusiv-i-tramvaiv-cerez-masovi-zavorusenna.html
Crimean political prisoners Esipenko and Danilovich became members of the NSU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3729917-krimski-politvazni-esipenko-ta-danilovic-stali-clenami-nszu.html
In the Tavriysk direction we burn the enemy, the Russians lost almost three company - Tarnavsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729906-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-za-dobu-rosiani-vtratili-majze-tri-roti-tarnavskij.html
Russian liberals in the West pose a greater threat than Putin - Ahmed Navaev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729884-rosijski-liberali-na-zahodi-stanovlat-bilsu-zagrozu-aniz-putin-ahmed-zakaev.html
During the presidency of Sweden in the EU managed to unite Europe in support of Ukraine - Ursula von der Lyen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729995-pid-cas-golovuvanna-svecii-v-es-vdalosa-obednati-evropu-v-pidtrimci-ukraini-ursula-fon-der-laen.html
In Kharkiv region can forcibly evacuate children from five border villages - Synugubov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729993-na-harkivsini-mozut-primusovo-evakuuvati-ditej-iz-pati-prikordonnih-sil-sinegubov.html
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Kyslivka and Berestove of Kharkiv region. Russian ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5228
US against any state to assist Putin in killing Ukrainians-White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729992-ssa-proti-togo-sob-budaka-derzava-spriala-putinu-u-vbivstvi-ukrainciv-bilij-dim.html
The people of Ukraine were awarded the German Prize for Peace and Human Rights
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729989-narodu-ukraini-prisudili-nimecku-premiu-za-mir-ta-prava-ludini.html
In Irpen began a large -scale project to replace windows in damaged homes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3729990-v-irpeni-rozpocali-masstabnij-proekt-iz-zamini-vikon-u-poskodzenih-budinkah.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Verkhnokamy...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5229
Aus Bakhmut Direction Russian Army Sheled Vasyukivka, Chromovo, Chal.
https://t.me/lumsrc/5230
Though take and shoot: the Russian military in Ukraine is not to die and they want to die
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729987-hoc-beri-i-strilajsa-rosijski-vijskovi-v-ukraini-niut-i-hocut-pomerti.html
Ukrainian women gave way to Bulgaria basketball players at the euro-2023 start (U18)
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729986-ukrainki-postupilisa-basketbolistkam-bolgarii-na-starti-evro2023-u18.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Steppe, Avdiivka Andivka Andivka Donetsk Region, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5231
Zelensky announced extremely important weeks in foreign policy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729981-zelenskij-anonsuvav-nadzvicajno-aktivni-tizni-v-zovnisnij-politici.html
Russian army shelled Nikopol overnight
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/55496
Russian army launched 13 Shahed-type drones and 4 S-300 missiles against Ukraine overnight. 1...
https://t.me/kpszsu/2946
Ukrainian Defense forces have partial success in advance at Levadne – Pryutne, Mala Tokmachka...
https://www.facebook.com/GeneralStaff.ua/posts/pfbid0qvTPWx4tzaJKqsu8H9Z9oYYTqKXpXfXD1ZfgJhGAG5sA4WzYVZi2sGPNfA2ocFSQl
11 explosions were reported at Berdyansk airport, there are secondary explosions. Firefighting...
https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/30-june-11-explosions-were-reported-at-berdiansk-airport
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanshchyna directions Russian army shelled Karpovych, Tymonovychi a...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5227
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5235
Zaporizhzhia And Kherson Directioz Rusian Army Shelled Poltavka, Gulyaipole, Gulyaipil ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5234
2 person killed, 6 wounded as result of Russian shelling in Serhiivka village of Donetsk region
https://t.me/babel/34812
Smoke from forest fires in Canada reached Afghanistan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729996-dim-vid-lisovih-pozez-u-kanadi-sagnuv-afganistanu.html
The UN Council derives the peacekeeping mission of small
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730009-radbez-oon-vivodit-mirotvorcu-misiu-z-mali.html
Ukraine and Lithuania will cooperate in the field of digitalization of cultural heritage
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3730011-ukraina-ta-litva-spivpracuvatimut-u-sferi-didzitalizacii-kulturnoi-spadsini.html
Moldovan authorities have put all state institutions, as well as law enforcement agencies on ...
https://t.me/ukrpravda_news/32609
Suspected shooter at Chișinău airport is Tajikistan citizen
https://t.me/babel/34826
Truskavets will build a mineral water plant on a German project
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730012-u-truskavci-pobuduut-zavod-mineralnih-vod-za-nimeckim-proektom.html
Journalists have installed persons nearly 27 thousand military Russian Federation liquidated in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730008-zurnalisti-vstanovili-osobi-majze-27-tisac-vijskovih-rf-likvidovanih-v-ukraini.html
The players of the Ukrainian youth arrived in the club-Napoki for the quarterfinals Euro 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730013-futbolisti-ukrainskoi-molodizki-pribuli-do-kluznapoki-na-cvertfinal-evro2023.html
War in Ukraine requires creative effort on the way to a just peace - Pope Roman
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729829-vijna-v-ukraini-vimagae-kreativnih-zusil-na-slahu-do-spravedlivogo-miru-papa-rimskij.html
The SBU reported the suspicion of the captain of the Russian vessel who sent military equipment from Syria to Crimea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3729830-sbu-povidomila-pro-pidozru-kapitanu-sudna-rf-akij-dopravlav-vijskovu-tehniku-iz-sirii-do-krimu.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station has harmed the environment for ₴ 146 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729833-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-zavdav-skodi-dovkillu-na-146-milardiv.html
The court left Metropolitan Paul under house arrest for two months
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729835-sud-zalisiv-mitropolita-pavla-pid-domasnim-arestom-ise-na-dva-misaci.html
3 person wounded as result of shelling in Antonivka
https://t.me/suspilnenews/22127
In Finland, the minister who was required to be released for extremist statements was resigned
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729836-u-finlandii-podav-u-vidstavku-ministr-akogo-vimagali-zvilniti-za-ekstremistski-vislovluvanna.html
In Riga begins the All -Latvian Holy Songs and Dance, on which the anthem of Ukraine will be performed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3729838-u-rizi-pocinaetsa-vselatvijske-svati-pisni-ta-tancu-na-akomu-vikonaut-gimn-ukraini.html
France's clashes: 249 police officers were wounded, more than 870 persons were detained
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729840-suticki-u-francii-poraneni-249-policejskih-zatrimani-ponad-870-osib.html
Ukrzaliznytsia reduces the cost of using grain trucks by 12 times
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729839-ukrzaliznica-znizue-vartist-vikoristanna-zernovoziv-u-12-raziv.html
The Russians took out 185 Ukrainian children from Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729843-rosiani-vivezli-z-hersonsini-se-185-ukrainskih-ditej.html
On the thieves, the hat burns: UP responded to the statements of the Russians that Ukraine is planning a terrorist attack for the ZPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729844-na-zlodii-sapka-gorit-u-op-vidreaguvali-na-zaavi-rosian-so-ukraina-planue-terakt-na-zaes.html
The Kyiv Volunteer Forum took place in the capital
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3729848-u-stolici-vidbuvsa-kiivskij-forum-volonteriv.html
In Crimea, the occupiers are massively installing alert system - the movement "Athesh"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3729851-u-krimu-okupanti-masovo-vstanovluut-sistemi-opovisenna-ruh-ates.html
Ambassadors of G7 countries on the appointment of ARMA Chairman: It is important to follow procedures
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729850-posli-krain-g7-pro-priznacenna-golovi-arma-vazlivo-dotrimuvatis-procedur.html
In Kharkiv suburbs occurred in the river Uda
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729853-u-peredmisti-harkova-stavsa-mor-ribi-v-ricci-udi.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
In Ukraine, receiving applications for entry on the basis of 9th grades have begun
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729854-v-ukraini-rozpocavsa-prijom-zaav-pro-vstup-na-bazi-9-klasiv.html
Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with representatives of business: among other things, they discussed the rebuilding of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/volodymyr-zelenskyj-zustrivsya-iz-predstavnykamy-biznesu-sered-inshogo-obgovoryly-vidbudovu-ukrayiny/
A large -scale forest fire broke out on the Greek island
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729862-na-greckomu-ostrovi-spalahnula-masstabna-lisova-pozeza.html
Ukraine in June attracted $ 3 billion grants and preferential funding from international partners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729857-ukraina-u-cervni-zalucila-vid-miznarodnih-partneriv-3-milardi-grantiv-ta-pilgovogo-finansuvanna.html
Georgia's President has stated danger through Russians who escaped from mobilization
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729864-prezidentka-gruzii-zaavila-pro-nebezpeku-cerez-rosian-aki-vtekli-vid-mobilizacii.html
The Council adopted a law on return to the pre -war tax system
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729859-parlament-uhvaliv-zakon-pro-povernenna-na-dovoennu-sistemu-opodatkuvanna.html
Anniversary
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729858-ricnica-zvilnenna-zmiinogo-zaluznij-podakuvav-silam-oboroni.html
The European Commission has not yet found a mechanism for how to use Russian assets in the interests of Ukraine - Scholtz
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729861-evrokomisia-se-ne-znajsla-mehanizmu-ak-vikoristati-rosijski-aktivi-v-interesah-ukraini-solc.html
Vilnius became the first city in Europe where unmanned cars were launched
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3730017-vilnus-stav-persim-mistom-u-evropi-de-zapustili-bezpilotni-avtivki.html
By the end of the year 600 cooks will be trained in cooking school menu
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729866-do-kinca-roku-600-kuhariv-projdut-navcanna-z-prigotuvanna-strav-skilnogo-menu.html
"Prozorro. SELL" will become the main platform for the sale of confiscated Russian assets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729867-prozorroprodazi-stane-golovnou-platformou-z-prodazu-konfiskovanih-rosijskih-aktiviv.html
Russians fired a school in Donetsk - two dead, six wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729871-rosiani-obstrilali-skolu-na-doneccini-dvoe-zagiblih-sestero-poranenih.html
More than ₴ 50 million have been allocated to the work of veterans assistants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729869-na-robotu-pomicnikiv-veteraniv-vidileno-ponad-50-miljoniv-minveteraniv.html
Tax reform and amnesty of capital: OP told about the vision of Cashless Economics in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729876-podatkova-reforma-ta-amnistia-kapitaliv-v-op-rozpovili-pro-bacenna-cashlessekonomiki-v-ukraini.html
Estonia's military intelligence called Prigoine's miscalculations during a rebellion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729873-vijskova-rozvidka-estonii-nazvala-prorahunki-prigozina-pid-cas-zakolotu.html
Document "Vision of Ukraine 2030": provides for the development of the club system of Ukrainian sports
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729872-dokument-bacenna-ukraini-2030-peredbacae-rozvitok-klubnoi-sistemi-ukrainskogo-sportu.html
Zelensky showed the work of the Armed Forces: When we have F-16, Russia will not have a chance in the sky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729880-zelenskij-pokazav-robotu-ukrainskoi-aviacii-koli-u-nas-budut-f16-rosia-ne-matime-sansiv-u-nebi.html
The share of non -working loans from banks has decreased to 39%
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729875-castka-nepracuucih-kreditiv-u-bankah-skorotilasa-do-39.html
The fourth Ukrainian bookshelf was opened at Cyprus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3729741-na-kipri-vidkrili-cetvertu-ukrainsku-knizkovu-policku.html
In Hague July 3, the International Center for Persession for Aggression Crime Against Ukraine will open
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729879-u-gaazi-3-lipna-vidkrietsa-miznarodnij-centr-iz-peresliduvanna-za-zlocin-agresii-proti-ukraini.html
In Kirovohrad region, since July 1, the curfew will be reduced
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729881-na-kirovogradsini-z-1-lipna-skorotat-komendantsku-godinu.html
Denmark announced a new military assistance package to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729882-dania-anonsuvala-novij-paket-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
There is no direct threats from Russia and Belarus in the north - Naev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729890-narazi-na-pivnoci-bezposerednih-zagroz-z-boku-rosii-ta-bilorusi-nemae-naev.html
The Government has appointed Elena Duma by ARMA head
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729891-urad-priznaciv-olenu-dumu-golovou-arma.html
Bulgaria will send military assistance to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729889-u-bolgarii-anonsuvali-vidpravlenna-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
OP develops the concept of a single body for business checks - Shurma
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729888-op-rozroblae-koncepciu-edinogo-organu-dla-perevirok-biznesu-surma.html
ARMA re -looking for managers for 14 arrested sanatoriums and hotels
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729893-arma-povtorno-sukae-upraviteliv-dla-14-arestovanih-sanatoriiv-ta-goteliv.html
The EU provides Ukraine with massive support to bring closer to European armies and to NATO - Michel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729894-es-nadae-ukraini-masivnu-pidtrimku-sob-privesti-blizce-do-evropejskih-armij-i-do-nato-misel.html
In Odessa and Nikolaev, the brand dedicated to the intelligence officers was extinguished
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729895-v-odesi-ta-mikolaevi-pogasili-prisvacenu-rozvidnikam-marku.html
Shmigal has instructed all ministries to develop "Road Cards of Change"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729907-smigal-doruciv-usim-ministerstvam-rozrobiti-dorozni-karti-zmin.html
Dyachuk continued the Dynamo contract
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729896-dacuk-prodovziv-kontrakt-z-dinamo.html
Dynamo has decided on the place of holding matches in the UEFA - media conferences
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730020-dinamo-viznacilosa-z-miscem-provedenna-matciv-u-lizi-konferencij-uefa-zmi.html
There will be no changes in Kadyrov's policy in Putin's life
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729903-za-zitta-putina-zodnih-zmin-u-politici-kadirova-ne-bude-ahmed-zakaev.html
The Government has supported the draft law on proportional insurance calculation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729900-urad-pidtrimav-zakonoproekt-sodo-proporcijnogo-obcislenna-strahovogo-stazu.html
In Ukraine, a project to prepare personnel for de -industrial Crimea starts - Tashev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3729901-v-ukraini-startue-proekt-z-pidgotovki-kadriv-dla-deokupovanogo-krimu-taseva.html
Ukraine needs a new economic model for GDP to reach a trillion dollars in 10 years - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729908-ukraini-potribna-nova-ekonomicna-model-sob-vvp-za-10-rokiv-dosagnuv-triljona-dolariv-smigal.html
Ukraine will form a new paternity policy - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729909-ukraina-formuvatime-novu-politiku-batkivstva-smigal.html
In "Action" there was an opportunity to change your place of residence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/u-diyi-zyavylasya-mozhlyvist-zminy-misczya-prozhyvannya/
More than 40 fire trucks and ambulances will be transferred to Ukraine to Ukraine from Taiwan to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729916-iz-tajvanu-v-ukrainu-peredadut-ponad-40-pozeznih-masin-ta-karet-svidkoi-dopomogi.html
The Armed Forces continue to press on Russian invaders in the south - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729899-zsu-prodovzuut-tisnuti-na-rosijskih-zagarbnikiv-na-pivdni-gumenuk.html
Shurma: Ukraine's accession to NATO is the best guarantees for any investor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729918-surma-vstup-ukraini-do-nato-ce-najkrasi-garantii-dla-budakogo-investora.html
In Kazakhstan, they try to recruit "volunteers" for the war of the Russian Federation with Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729921-u-kazahstani-namagautsa-verbuvati-dobrovolciv-na-vijnu-rf-z-ukrainou.html
At the Chisinau Airport, a passenger opened the shooting - two people were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729923-v-aeroportu-kisineva-pasazir-vidkriv-strilaninu.html
The EU will actively discuss security guarantees for Ukraine over the next weeks - von der Liaen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729925-es-aktivno-obgovoruvatime-garantii-bezpeki-dla-ukraini-vprodovz-nastupnih-tizniv-fon-der-laen.html
Marusyak: In the summer it is more difficult to jump, because you only enter the rhythm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729929-marusak-vlitku-stribati-skladnise-adze-ti-tilki-vhodis-v-ritm.html
The Government has renewed the state budget expenditures - the Ministry of Finance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729931-urad-ponoviv-ocinuvanna-vitrat-derzbudzetu-minfin.html
State Duma MP and two more Russians have been suspected of deportation of 48 Ukrainian children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729886-deputatu-derzdumi-i-se-dvom-rosianam-ogolosili-pidozru-u-deportacii-48-ukrainskih-ditej.html
NBU took another step to stabilize the situation with currency exchange
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729932-nbu-zrobiv-cergovij-krok-dla-stabilizacii-situacii-z-obminom-valuti.html
Almost 40 communities became participants of the pilot project "Assistant Veteran"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729933-majze-40-gromad-stali-ucasnikami-pilotnogo-proektu-pomicnik-veterana.html
Deputy Chief of Ternopil Ova came out of custody after bail
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729934-zastupniki-nacalnika-ternopilskoi-ova-vijsli-zpid-varti-pisla-vnesenna-zastavi.html
Danilov - About the likely terrorist attack of the Russians at the ZPP: we have protocols and plans in which way to act
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730021-danilov-pro-jmovirnij-terakt-rosian-na-zaes-u-nas-e-protokoli-ta-plani-v-akij-sposib-diati.html
Putin's response: Poland asks NATO to place nuclear weapons on its territory
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729940-vidpovid-putinu-polsa-prosit-nato-rozmistiti-na-svoij-teritorii-adernu-zbrou.html
In Dobropilly, the twin girls who died from rocket stroke on Kramatorsk were buried
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729938-u-dobropilli-pohovali-divcatbliznucok-aki-zaginuli-vid-raketnogo-udaru-po-kramatorsku.html
The hut came out into the European Games Boxing Tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729939-hiznak-vijsov-u-final-bokserskogo-turniru-evropejskih-igor.html
Reintegration to Informpole: MKIP plans to return the Ukrainian TV and Radio Singing 100% Tot
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729942-reintegracia-v-informpole-u-mkip-planuut-povernuti-ukrainskij-teleradiosignal-na-100-tot.html
After the invasion of the Russian Federation, the demand for Ukrainian literature increased - the director of the publishing house
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3729945-pisla-vtorgnenna-rf-popit-na-ukrainsku-literaturu-zbilsivsa-direktor-vidavnictva.html
In Ukraine, the Center for the Preservation of Cultural Heritage in the Falling Regions was created
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3729946-v-ukraini-stvorili-centr-zi-zberezenna-kulturnoi-spadsini-u-pidtoplenih-oblastah.html
Weapons for Ukraine became the beginning of the formation of European defense - Charles Michelle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729950-postavki-zbroi-dla-vouucoi-ukraini-stali-pocatkom-formuvanna-evropejskoi-oboroni-sarl-misel.html
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine finds out if Ukrainians were on the site of the shooting at Chisinau Airport
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729951-mzs-ukraini-zasovue-ci-buli-ukrainci-na-misci-strilanini-v-aeroportu-kisineva.html
There are heavy battles in the east, in the south the enemy tries to stop the progress of defense forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729955-na-shodi-jdut-vazki-boi-na-pivdni-vorog-namagaetsa-zupiniti-prosuvanna-sil-oboroni.html
Modular homes and social housing: Zelensky thanked the owner of Wasatch Group for helping Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3729961-modulni-budinki-ta-socialne-zitlo-zelenskij-podakuvav-vlasniku-wasatch-group-za-dopomogu-ukraini.html
In Kiev, due to an accident of 18 houses left without water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3729953-u-kievi-cerez-avariu-18-budinkiv-zalisilisa-bez-vodi.html
There are no signs of an increase in radioactive background - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729962-navkolo-zaes-nemae-oznak-zbilsenna-radioaktivnogo-fonu-bilij-dim.html
Children from a boarding school in Mykolaiv region who have been illegally taken to the Russian Federation are in Georgia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729959-diti-z-internatu-na-mikolaivsini-akih-nezakonno-vivezli-do-rf-perebuvaut-u-gruzii.html
Lithuanian Defense Minister met with Reznikov and told about the three -year support plan for the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729966-ministr-oboroni-litvi-zustrivsa-z-reznikovim-i-rozpoviv-pro-triricnij-plan-pidtrimki-zsu.html
Wimbledon. Ukrainians got rivals in a paired discharge
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729964-vimbldon-ukrainki-otrimali-supernic-u-parnomu-rozradi.html
The Polish Army will receive several million millions of ammunition in the coming years - Blaschak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729965-polska-armia-u-najblizci-roki-otrimae-kilkasot-miljoniv-naboiv-blasak.html
The Russians fired Antonovka in Kherson region - a family with a child was injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729999-rosiani-obstrilali-antonivku-na-hersonsini-postrazdala-rodina-z-ditinou.html
In the Ministry of Reintegration, they told about the pace of evacuation from the dangerous territories of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/u-minreintegracziyi-rozpovily-pro-tempy-evakuacziyi-z-nebezpechnyh-terytorij-ukrayiny/
At the front we have advancement forward in all directions - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729970-na-fronti-maemo-prosuvanna-vpered-na-vsih-napramkah-zelenskij.html
The military per day destroyed six areas of the enemy's concentration and the ROB station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729968-vijskovi-za-dobu-znisili-sist-rajoniv-zoseredzenna-voroga-ta-stanciu-reb.html
Tatarstan exploded with chemicals, there are victims
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729969-u-tatarstani-vibuhnuv-rezervuar-z-himicnimi-recovinami-e-zertvi.html
Ukraine's women's team for beach football came to the finals of the III European Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729971-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-plaznogo-futbolu-vijsla-u-final-iii-evropejskih-igor.html
Shooting at Chisinau Airport was opened by a Tajikistan citizen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729972-ctrilaninu-v-aeroportu-kisineva-vidkriv-gromadanin-tadzikistanu.html
Ukraine will strengthen cooperation with international partners on artillery shells - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729974-ukraina-posilit-spivpracu-z-miznarodnimi-partnerami-sodo-artilerijskih-snaradiv-zelenskij.html
In the Kherson region, the Russian military is undermined on their mines, which has established previous rotation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729977-na-hersonsini-rosijski-vijskovi-pidrivautsa-na-svoih-minah-aki-vstanovila-poperedna-rotacia.html
The second authorized economic operator - the State Customs Service appeared in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729984-v-ukraini-zavivsa-drugij-avtorizovanij-ekonomicnij-operator-derzmitsluzba.html
Zelensky announced extremely important weeks in foreign policy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729981-zelenskij-anonsuvav-nadzvicajno-aktivni-tizni-v-zovnisnij-politici.html
Ukrainian women gave way to Bulgaria basketball players at the euro-2023 start (U18)
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729986-ukrainki-postupilisa-basketbolistkam-bolgarii-na-starti-evro2023-u18.html
Though take and shoot: the Russian military in Ukraine is not to die and they want to die
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729987-hoc-beri-i-strilajsa-rosijski-vijskovi-v-ukraini-niut-i-hocut-pomerti.html
In Irpen began a large -scale project to replace windows in damaged homes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3729990-v-irpeni-rozpocali-masstabnij-proekt-iz-zamini-vikon-u-poskodzenih-budinkah.html
The people of Ukraine were awarded the German Prize for Peace and Human Rights
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729989-narodu-ukraini-prisudili-nimecku-premiu-za-mir-ta-prava-ludini.html
US against any state to assist Putin in killing Ukrainians-White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729992-ssa-proti-togo-sob-budaka-derzava-spriala-putinu-u-vbivstvi-ukrainciv-bilij-dim.html
In Kharkiv region can forcibly evacuate children from five border villages - Synugubov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729993-na-harkivsini-mozut-primusovo-evakuuvati-ditej-iz-pati-prikordonnih-sil-sinegubov.html
During the presidency of Sweden in the EU managed to unite Europe in support of Ukraine - Ursula von der Lyen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729995-pid-cas-golovuvanna-svecii-v-es-vdalosa-obednati-evropu-v-pidtrimci-ukraini-ursula-fon-der-laen.html
Smoke from forest fires in Canada reached Afghanistan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729996-dim-vid-lisovih-pozez-u-kanadi-sagnuv-afganistanu.html
The Russians fired Antonovka in Kherson region - a family with a child was injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729999-rosiani-obstrilali-antonivku-na-hersonsini-postrazdala-rodina-z-ditinou.html
Ukraine hopes to help Spain to get influence in Latin America - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729998-ukraina-spodivaetsa-na-dopomogu-ispanii-sob-otrimati-vpliv-u-latinskij-americi-zelenskij.html
The Ukrainian national team holds the third position in the team standings of the III European Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730001-zbirna-ukraini-utrimue-tretu-poziciu-u-komandnomu-zaliku-iii-evropejskih-igor.html
Russian hackers send fake letters about vacations for the military of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730002-rosijski-hakeri-rozsilaut-fejkovi-listi-pro-vidpustki-dla-vijskovih-zsu.html
Shoigu ordered the liquidation of the "Wagner" in the temporarily occupied territory of Ukraine - CPD
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730004-sojgu-nakazav-likviduvati-vagnerivciv-na-timcasovo-okupovanij-teritorii-ukraini-cpd.html
In the camp of active rehabilitation, 17 military and civilians have been trained with spinal cord injuries
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/u-tabori-aktyvnoyi-reabilitacziyi-projshly-kurs-navchannya-17-vijskovyh-ta-czyvilnyh-z-travmamy-spynnogo-mozku/
The Cabinet of Ministers has standardized police and the military for National Security Measures
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730005-kabmin-unormuvav-termini-vidradzenna-policii-ta-vijskovih-na-zahodi-z-nacbezpeki.html
The invaders fired at Nikolaevka in Donetsk region, there is a dead and injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730006-zagarbniki-obstrilali-mikolaivku-na-doneccini-e-zagiblij-ta-poranena.html
After quarantine is canceled, Covid vaccination items will continue to work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730007-pisla-skasuvanna-karantinu-punkti-covidvakcinacii-prodovzat-robotu.html
The UN Council derives the peacekeeping mission of small
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730009-radbez-oon-vivodit-mirotvorcu-misiu-z-mali.html
Ukraine and Lithuania will cooperate in the field of digitalization of cultural heritage
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3730011-ukraina-ta-litva-spivpracuvatimut-u-sferi-didzitalizacii-kulturnoi-spadsini.html
Truskavets will build a mineral water plant on a German project
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730012-u-truskavci-pobuduut-zavod-mineralnih-vod-za-nimeckim-proektom.html
Journalists have installed persons nearly 27 thousand military Russian Federation liquidated in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730008-zurnalisti-vstanovili-osobi-majze-27-tisac-vijskovih-rf-likvidovanih-v-ukraini.html
The players of the Ukrainian youth arrived in the club-Napoki for the quarterfinals Euro 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730013-futbolisti-ukrainskoi-molodizki-pribuli-do-kluznapoki-na-cvertfinal-evro2023.html
Vilnius became the first city in Europe where unmanned cars were launched
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3730017-vilnus-stav-persim-mistom-u-evropi-de-zapustili-bezpilotni-avtivki.html
Dynamo has decided on the place of holding matches in the UEFA - media conferences
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730020-dinamo-viznacilosa-z-miscem-provedenna-matciv-u-lizi-konferencij-uefa-zmi.html
Danilov - About the likely terrorist attack of the Russians at the ZPP: we have protocols and plans in which way to act
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730021-danilov-pro-jmovirnij-terakt-rosian-na-zaes-u-nas-e-protokoli-ta-plani-v-akij-sposib-diati.html
Strongman sports competitions among veterans will be held in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/v-ukrayini-vidbudutsya-sportyvni-zmagannya-zi-strongmenu-sered-veteraniv/
Russia collects data of civilian hostages allegedly to accelerate the process of their return
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/rosiya-zbyraye-dani-czyvilnyh-nibyto-dlya-pryskorennya-proczesu-yih-povernennya/
Our artillerymen eliminated three management points and the rapeseed station of the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/artylerysty-likviduvaly-try-punkty-upravlinnya-ta-radiolokaczijnu-stancziyu-okupantiv/
Ukraine hopes to help Spain to get influence in Latin America - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729998-ukraina-spodivaetsa-na-dopomogu-ispanii-sob-otrimati-vpliv-u-latinskij-americi-zelenskij.html
Armed Forces General Staff: 31 fighting with the enemy took place during the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/genshtab-zsu-protyagom-doby-vidbulosya-31-bojove-zitknennya-z-vorogom/
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated 560 invaders, destroyed 11 artisystems and 6 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-560-okupantiv-znyshhyly-11-artsystem-i-6-bbm/
The Air Force forces in the south of Ukraine destroyed 10 "Shahmed"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/syly-ppo-na-pivdni-ukrayiny-znyshhyly-10-shahediv/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
The O-300 missiles at night attacked infrastructure in Zaporizhzhia region-Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/raketamy-s-300-vnochi-protyvnyk-atakuvav-obyekty-infrastruktury-u-zaporizkij-oblasti-yurij-ignat/
The Ukrainian national team holds the third position in the team standings of the III European Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730001-zbirna-ukraini-utrimue-tretu-poziciu-u-komandnomu-zaliku-iii-evropejskih-igor.html
The "sentences" of the courts of the Russian Federation are not an obstacle to attracting defenders in exchange - coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/vyroky-sudiv-rf-ne-ye-pereshkodoyu-dlya-zaluchennya-zahysnykiv-do-obminu-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
Exactly a year ago, on June 30, 2022, the security and defense forces of Ukraine released the island of Snake
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/rivno-rik-tomu-30-chervnya-2022-roku-syly-bezpeky-ta-oborony-ukrayiny-zvilnyly-ostriv-zmiyinyj/
More than 300 explosive items were neutralized by pyrotechnics per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/ponad-300-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-zneshkodyly-pirotehniky-za-dobu-2/
The President noted the "cross of combat merits" of seven Ukrainian military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/prezydent-vidznachyv-hrestom-bojovyh-zaslug-simoh-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/
In Ukraine, since July 1, the veteran assistant institute in four pilot regions will be introduced
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/v-ukrayini-z-1-lypnya-pochnut-vprovadzhuvaty-instytut-pomichnyka-veterana-u-chotyroh-pilotnyh-regionah/
Russian hackers send fake letters about vacations for the military of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730002-rosijski-hakeri-rozsilaut-fejkovi-listi-pro-vidpustki-dla-vijskovih-zsu.html
Apartments for the military: reported suspicion of the CEO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/kvartyry-dlya-vijskovyh-povidomleno-pro-pidozru-gendyrektoru-pidpryyemstva-zabudovnyka/
The invaders per day attacked nine regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/okupanty-za-dobu-atakuvaly-devyat-oblastej-ukrayiny/
In the Bakhmut direction there is a promotion of our troops - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-vidbuvayetsya-prosuvannya-nashyh-vijsk-ganna-malyar/
Russians delay and interrogate Ukrainians who go to pick up their stolen children - Dmitry Lubinets
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/rosiny-zatrymuyut-i-dopytuyut-ukrayincziv-yaki-yidut-zabyraty-svoyih-vykradenyh-ditej-dmytro-lubinecz/
They will judge the commander of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation, by order of which the occupiers fired at the city center of Kherson
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/sudytymut-komandyra-artylerijskogo-polku-rf-za-nakazom-yakogo-okupanty-obstrilyaly-seredmistya-hersona/
Residents of Zaporizhzhya region are asked to report the technique of Russians in "Evorog"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/zhyteliv-zaporizkoyi-oblasti-prosyat-povidomlyaty-pro-tehniku-rosiyan-u-yevorog/
Terror of the Russian Federation proves to the world that the terrorist state deserves defeat and the tribunal-Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/teror-rf-dovodyt-svitovi-shho-derzhava-teroryst-zaslugovuye-na-porazku-j-trybunal-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
There was a collection of successful cases of providing free legal aid to defenders and defenders of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/vyjshla-zbirka-uspishnyh-sprav-nadannya-bezoplatnoyi-pravovoyi-dopomogy-zahysnykam-ta-zahysnyczyam-ukrayiny/
The suspicion of the captain of the Russian vessel, who "brought" to Ukraine military equipment from Syria was reported
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-kapitanu-rosijskogo-sudna-yakyj-pryviz-v-ukrayinu-vijskovu-tehniku-rf-iz-syriyi/
The occupiers are afraid of the Armed Forces counter -offensive and are going to flee from the point of view - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/okupanty-boyatsya-kontrnastupu-zsu-i-zbyrayutsya-tikaty-z-pozyczij-perehoplennya-gur/
President signed a law on surcharges and vacations for the military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/prezydent-pidpysav-zakon-pro-doplaty-ta-vidpustky-dlya-vijskovyh/
During the day, Russia has inflicted 29 aviation strikes and 60 shelling from the RSSU in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/za-dobu-rosiya-zavdala-29-aviaczijnyh-udariv-ta-60-obstriliv-z-rszv-po-ukrayini/
Defense forces continue to keep the initiative in the Bakhmut direction - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/syly-oborony-prodovzhuyut-utrymuvaty-inicziatyvu-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-sergij-cherevatyj/
Ukraine investigates 15 cases that legislation qualifies as an ecocide - Andrei Kostin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/ukrayina-rozsliduye-15-vypadkiv-yaki-kvalifikuyutsya-zakonodavstvom-yak-ekoczyd-andrij-kostin/
The morning blow to the temporarily occupied Berdyansk testifies to the weakening of the racist troops even in the rear - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/rankovyj-udar-po-tymchasovo-okupovanomu-berdyansku-svidchyt-pro-poslablennya-vijsk-rashystiv-navit-u-tylu-nataliya-gumenyuk/
NATO Summit in Vilnius will be guarded by Polish Special Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/samit-nato-u-vilnyusi-ohoronyatyme-polskyj-specznaz/
Shoigu ordered the liquidation of the "Wagner" in the temporarily occupied territory of Ukraine - CPD
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730004-sojgu-nakazav-likviduvati-vagnerivciv-na-timcasovo-okupovanij-teritorii-ukraini-cpd.html
The Russians created the Azov Naval District with Staff in Mariupol-Military Media Center
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/rosiyany-stvoryly-azovskyj-vijskovo-morskyj-rajon-zi-shtabom-u-mariupoli-military-media-center/
The occupiers reduce the presence in the territory of the ZPE - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/okupanty-zmenshuyut-prysutnist-na-terytoriyi-zaes-gur/
The blasting of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station was detrimental to the environment for 146 billion hryvnias
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/pidryvu-rosiyeyu-damby-kahovskoyi-ges-zavdav-shkody-dovkillyu-na-146-milyardiv-gryven/
Army Oleg Kolodiy paired with Daniel Konovalov's Gold of European Games
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/armiyecz-oleg-kolodij-u-pari-z-danylom-konovalovym-zdobuly-zoloto-yevropejskyh-igor/
TECHNIZATION TECHNOLOGIES TO IMPROVED MINS WITH DROSS
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/v-ukrayini-zaversheno-testuvannya-tehnologij-z-vyyavlennya-min-za-dopomogoyu-droniv/
SI Breeze: The Chernihiv mine ship conducted training with drones
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/si-bryz-komanda-minnogo-korablya-chernigiv-provela-trenuvannya-z-vykorystannyam-droniv/
Two dead and six wounded: the prosecutor's office is investigating the effects of school shelling in Donetsk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/dvoye-zagyblyh-ta-shestero-poranenyh-prokuratura-rozsliduye-naslidky-vnaslidok-obstrilu-shkoly-na-donechchyni/
The FSB agent network was disposed of, which cited Russian "tornadoes" and "hurricanes" on Kharkiv
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/zneshkodzheno-agenturnu-merezhu-fsb-yaka-navodyla-rosijski-smerchi-ta-uragany-na-harkiv/
The MO MO of Ukraine postal stamp has been put into circulation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/poshtova-marka-gur-mo-ukrayiny-vvedena-v-obig/
Direct losses caused by the exclusion of Kakhovskaya HPPs is $ 2 billion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/pryami-zbytky-sprychyneni-pidryvom-rosiyanamy-kahovskoyi-ges-stanovlyat-2-mlrd/
The Cabinet of Ministers has standardized police and the military for National Security Measures
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730005-kabmin-unormuvav-termini-vidradzenna-policii-ta-vijskovih-na-zahodi-z-nacbezpeki.html
In the event of an increase in threats from the north, there is an increase in forces - Sergey Naev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/u-razi-zrostannya-rivnya-zagroz-z-pivnochi-peredbacheno-naroshhuvannya-syl-sergij-nayev/
The Prosecutor General's Office has documented more than 113,000 crimes against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/ofis-generalnogo-prokurora-zadokumentuvav-ponad-113-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-ukrayiny/
When Ukrainian pilots run F-16-freedom will become insurmountable
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/koly-ukrayinski-piloty-keruvatymut-f-16-svoboda-stane-nezdolannoyu/
Increase the northern direction: President held a rate meeting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/pidsylyuyemo-pivnichnyj-napryamok-prezydent-proviv-zasidannya-stavky/
The enemy has struck 8 rocket launchers and 34 aircraft blows, there are victims among civilians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/protyvnyk-zavdav-8-raketnyh-ta-34-aviaczijnyh-udary-ye-zhertvy-sered-myrnyh-meshkancziv/
A group of criminals who lured money in relatives of captured Ukrainian military is exposed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/vykryto-grupa-zlochyncziv-uchasnyky-yakoyi-vymanyuvaly-groshi-z-rodychiv-polonenyh-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/
The 24 enemy artillery is affected at fire positions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/urazheno-24-artylerijskyh-zasoby-protyvnyka-na-vognevyh-pozycziyah/
Denmark provides Ukraine with a new military assistance package
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/daniya-nadaye-ukrayini-novyj-paket-iz-vijskovoyu-dopomogoyu/
I am grateful to anyone who released the snake!- Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/ya-vdyachnyj-usim-hto-zvilnyv-zmiyinyj-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Almost three enemy mouths and 13 pieces of equipment were destroyed in the Tavriya direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-znyshheno-majzhe-try-roty-protyvnyka-ta-13-odynycz-tehniky/
The invaders fired at Nikolaevka in Donetsk region, there is a dead and injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730006-zagarbniki-obstrilali-mikolaivku-na-doneccini-e-zagiblij-ta-poranena.html
"We were going to" three soak "yesterday
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/my-vchora-zbyralysya-trohsotytysya-nervy-zdayut-perehoplennya-gur/
There are heavy battles on the Liman, Bakhmut and Marinsky directions, 18 combat clashes per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/na-lymanskomu-bahmutskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah-tryvayut-vazhki-boyi-za-dobu-18-bojovyh-zitknen/
How to implement a warrant for Putin's arrest?
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/yak-realizuvaty-order-na-aresht-putina/
We have advancement forward in all directions - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/mayemo-prosuvannya-vpered-na-vsih-napryamkah-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Ten invaders exploded on their own mines
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/z-desyatok-okupantiv-pidryvalosya-na-svoyih-zhe-minah/
In the Luhansk region, the racists stole furniture from the maternity hospital
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/na-luganshhyni-rashysty-vykraly-mebli-z-pologovogo-budynku/
Identified tankers of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation, who fired at the village in Kharkiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/identyfikovano-tankistiv-zs-rf-yaki-obstrilyuvaly-selo-na-harkivshhyni/
The Russians send fake letters on vacations of servicemen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/rosiyany-rozsylayut-fejkovi-lysty-pro-vidpustky-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
Shoigu ordered the physical elimination of the Wagnerians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/shojgu-viddav-nakaz-na-fizychnu-likvidacziyu-vagnerivcziv/
The government approved the bill on payment of pensions to citizens from the occupied territories and those who live abroad
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/uryad-shvalyv-zakonoproyekt-pro-vyplatu-pensij-gromadyanam-z-okupovanyh-terytorij-i-tym-hto-prozhyvaye-za-kordonom/
After quarantine is canceled, Covid vaccination items will continue to work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730007-pisla-skasuvanna-karantinu-punkti-covidvakcinacii-prodovzat-robotu.html
Russia's power declared Grebenshchikov's "inagent"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730019-vlada-rosii-ogolosila-inoagentom-grebensikova.html
In Ukraine on weekends will be warm, in places of rains with thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729672-v-ukraini-na-vihidnih-bude-teplo-miscami-dosi-z-grozami.html
In Ukraine on weekends will be warm, in places of rains with thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729672-v-ukraini-na-vihidnih-bude-teplo-miscami-dosi-z-grozami.html
The President approved the NSDC Decision to accelerate judicial reform
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730024-prezident-zatverdiv-risenna-rnbo-pro-priskorenna-sudovoi-reformi.html
The President approved the NSDC Decision to accelerate judicial reform
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730024-prezident-zatverdiv-risenna-rnbo-pro-priskorenna-sudovoi-reformi.html
In Ukraine on weekends will be warm, in places of rains with thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729672-v-ukraini-na-vihidnih-bude-teplo-miscami-dosi-z-grozami.html
Russia's power declared Grebenshchikov's "inagent"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730019-vlada-rosii-ogolosila-inoagentom-grebensikova.html
The National Commission removed Zaporozhye from the list of cities for renaming
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730025-nackomisia-vilucila-zaporizza-zi-spisku-mist-na-perejmenuvanna.html
The National Commission removed Zaporozhye from the list of cities for renaming
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730025-nackomisia-vilucila-zaporizza-zi-spisku-mist-na-perejmenuvanna.html
New veteran policy-in the top 10 priority reforms of the government-Denis Shmigal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/nova-veteranska-polityka-u-top-10-priorytetnyh-reform-uryadu-denys-shmygal/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====