乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-19

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled Krasne First, Figolivka, Novomlinsk, two -year, with ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4824
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka, Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4825
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Zaliznyanske, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, New ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4826
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Avdiivka, Pervomaisko, Karlovka Andes Neoelsk of ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4827
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Maryinka, Paraskoviyivka and Novomykhaylivka of Do...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4828
At Shakhtarske direction Russian army shelled Vuhledar, Prechystivka and Novoukrayinka. Russi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4829
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Novosilka, Zelene Pole,...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4830
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4831
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(00:33). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/15605
Odeska Oblast(19:53). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilneodesa/23334
Kyiv(19:51). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/KyivCityOfficial/6727
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(18:07). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45849
Russian army conducted 15 missile strikes, 42 airstrikes and over 101 shelling with MLRS, - G...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4822
Zaporizka Oblast(22:40). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45908
Donetsk region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region (22:52). Red Alrt: ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45911
Kyiv(23:01). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnenews/20882
Chernihivska Oblast, Kyiv Oblast(23:02). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cove...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45914
Zhytomyr, Zhytomyrska Oblast(23:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45915
Rivne, Rivnenska Oblast(23:59). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45919
Khmelnytska Oblast(00:00). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45920
Ternopil, Ternopilska Oblast(00:02). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45921
Volynska Oblast(00:07). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45922
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(00:10). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45923
Odessa region, Kherson, Kherson region (00:13). Red Alert: Aerial Threat. Sirens Sounding. ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45925
Harkyiv, Harkiv region, Poltavska region (00:30). Red Alert: Aerial Threat. Siren Sundin ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45928
Vinnytska Oblast(00:32). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45929
Donetsk Oblast, Sumska Oblast(00:34). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45932
Kirovohrad region, Cherkasy region (00: Secondary School). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding. So...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45934
Kyiv(01:12). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnenews/20884
Lviv, Lviv region, Ivano-Frankivsk, Ivano-Frankivsk region (01:18). Red Alrt: Aerial dash ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45937
Chernivetska Oblast, Zakarpattia OBLAST(01:19). Red Alert: Aerial Threat. Sirens sounding. ta.
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45939
Explosions were reported in Mykolaiv and Kryvyi Rih
https://t.me/lachentyt/29426
Air defense was active in Kyiv region
https://t.me/hromadske_ua/32915
Drones reported airborne in north-western regions of Ukraine
https://t.me/war_monitor/7441
Explosions reported in Rivne region
https://t.me/lachentyt/29431
Britain announces new sanctions against Russia, including an embargo on diamonds
https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/19-may-britain-announces-new-sanctions-against-russia-including
Air defense is active in Lutsk
https://t.me/war_monitor/7444
Lviv(02:51). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/chanel24/88873
The Russian commander was exposed, who ordered the firing of Kherson Center
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/18/vykryto-rosijskogo-komandyra-yakyj-viddav-nakaz-na-obstril-czentra-hersonu/
Vesespiker Olena Kondratyuk: Almost 20,000 Ukrainian children are deported to the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/18/viczespikerka-olena-kondratyuk-majzhe-20-tysyach-ukrayinskyh-ditej-nasylnyczki-deportovano-do-rf/
The RRT concern resumed the operation of two radio stations in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/18/konczern-rrt-vidnovyv-robotu-dvoh-radiostanczij-na-hersonshhyni/
The Ministry of Economy discussed another simplification of imports of military goods
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/18/v-minekonomiky-obgovoryly-chergove-sproshhennya-importu-tovariv-vijskovogo-pryznachennya/
In Kherson, a nurse was detained that "poured" the enemy's personal data of Ukrainian defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/18/u-hersoni-zatrymano-medsestru-yaka-zlyvala-vorogu-personalni-dani-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv/
Alexander Kubrakov: Grain Agreement is unlocked for another 120 days
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/18/oleksandr-kubrakov-zernovu-ugodu-rozblokovano-shhe-na-120-dib/
The exhibition "Unity for the sake of the future" will open in Odessa
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/18/v-odesi-vidkryyetsya-vystavka-yednannya-zarady-majbutnogo/
For P ’ a day starts another SCO qualification course
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/18/za-pyat-dib-startuye-chergovyj-kvalifikaczijnyj-kurs-sso/
The ninth aerial attack on Kiev since early May - KVMA
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/18/vidbyto-devyatyj-povitryanyj-napad-na-kyyiv-z-pochatku-travnya-kvma/
During the day, the Russians made more than 100 shelling of the RSZV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/18/za-dobu-rosiyany-zdijsnyly-ponad-100-obstriliv-z-rszv/
As a result of yesterday's rocket strike on Odessa, one person was killed, two were injured - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/18/vnaslidok-vchorashnogo-raketnogo-udaru-po-odesi-odna-lyudyna-zagynula-dvoye-distaly-poranennya-nataliya-gumenyuk/
Aviation of Defense Forces has struck 8 blows along Rosarmia SCR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/18/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-8-udariv-po-zrk-rosarmiyi/
Bakhmut and Marinka remain at the epicenter of hostilities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/18/bahmut-ta-maryinka-zalyshayutsya-v-epiczentri-bojovyh-dij-2/
Defense forces per day eliminated more than 500 invaders, destroyed 32 artsystems and 8 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/18/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-ponad-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-32-artsystemy-i-8-bbm/
Coordinating Staff: Severe -wounded combatants must be returned without prior conditions and out of exchange
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/18/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-vazhkoporaneni-kombatanty-povynni-buty-poverneni-bez-poperednih-umov-i-poza-obminu/
To Ukraine from Russia was returned a girl whose parents defended Mariupol
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/18/v-ukrayinu-z-rosiyi-povernuly-divchynku-batky-yakoyi-zahyshhaly-mariupol/
The Defense Ministry invites you to a meeting to discuss food organization to meet the needs of defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/18/minoborony-zaproshuye-na-zustrich-shhodo-obgovorennya-pytannya-organizacziyi-harchuvannya-dlya-zabezpechennya-potreb-oborony/
Alexei Reznikov met with representatives of the American organization Renew Democracy Initiative
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/18/oleksij-reznikov-zustrivsya-z-predstavnykamy-amerykanskoyi-organizacziyi-renew-democracy-initiative/
The map-embroidery, the ceramic panel "Wild Field" and the singing of resistance to Russian aggression: as in the Dnieper celebrate the day of embroidery
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/18/mapa-vyshyvanka-keramichne-pano-dyke-pole-ta-spiv-sprotyvu-rosijskij-agresiyi-yak-u-dnipri-vidznachayut-den-vyshyvanky/
The meaningless attacks of the Russian Federation on Kiev are needed by the Kremlin to raise the degree of patriotic hysteria - Alexei Danilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/18/bezgluzdi-ataky-rf-na-kyyiv-neobhidni-kremlyu-dlya-pidnyattya-gradusu-patriotychnoyi-isteriyi-oleksij-danilov/
In Israel as a result of shooting the son of an official was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711411-v-izraili-vnaslidok-strilanini-zaginuv-sin-cinovnika.html
The head of the Foreign Ministry and Slovakia discussed the support of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711496-glavi-mzs-cehii-i-slovaccini-obgovorili-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Leonivka of Chernihiv reg...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4833
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Kamyanka, Kolodyazne, Fyholivka, Novomlynsk, Dvori...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4834
In Slovakia, the court again acquitted a businessman accused of organizing the murder of a journalist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711653-u-slovaccini-sud-znovu-vipravdav-biznesmena-obvinuvacenogo-v-organizacii-vbivstva-zurnalista.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka and Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Verkh...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4835
After victory, Ukraine is waiting for a long -term stage of reintegration of territories - Budanov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711650-pisla-peremogi-ukrainu-cekae-bagatoricnij-etap-reintegracii-teritorij-budanov.html
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Zaliznyansk, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Grigor ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4836
Trarea will miss three months due to injury
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711649-traore-propustit-tri-misaci-cerez-travmu.html
The "Fighter Coalition" is extremely important for the rescue of thousands of lives of civilians - the head of the OP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711648-koalicia-vinisuvaciv-ukraj-vazliva-dla-poratunku-tisac-zittiv-civilnih-glava-op.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novokalinova, Berdyshi, Avdiivka, Tonyne, First ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4837
GUR Head: New State entities will appear on the territory of Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711647-kerivnik-gur-na-teritorii-rosii-zavlatsa-novi-derzavni-utvorenna.html
JSC Shakhtarskoe Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Kalledar, Wondering, Novoukrainka And And Shah ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4839
Russia spent on a media $ 1.9 billion last year last year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711327-rosia-torik-vitratila-na-propagandu-u-media-19-milarda.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Burlatske of Donetsk region; Olhi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4840
The last half of a year to official events go to the doubles of Putin - Budanov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711644-ostanni-piv-roku-na-oficijni-zahodi-izdat-dvijniki-putina-budanov.html
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4841
CEO of the IAEA urged not to use the ZPP as a military base
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711642-gendirektor-magate-zaklikav-ne-vikoristovuvati-zaes-ak-vijskovu-bazu.html
Kuleba: Portugal joined the aviation coalition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711641-kuleba-portugalia-priednalasa-do-aviacijnoi-koalicii.html
The offensive from Belarus to Ukraine is absolutely unrealistic - the head of GUR
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711639-nastup-z-bilorusi-na-ukrainu-absolutno-nerealnij-ocilnik-gur.html
Marchenko will play with Sachko at the ATR Tournament 250 in Switzerland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711638-marcenko-zigrae-iz-sackom-na-turniri-atr-250-u-svejcarii.html
Denmark is ready to teach Ukrainian pilots on F -16 - Stefanchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711637-dania-gotova-navcati-ukrainskih-pilotiv-na-f16-stefancuk.html
The enemy fired 17 times the border of Sumy region - a total of 131 explosions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711636-vorog-17-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-zagalom-131-vibuh.html
Budanov: Gostomel landing - it was generally the only plan of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711632-budanov-visadka-v-gostomeli-ce-vzagali-buv-edinij-plan-rosii.html
In Germany want to cut and simplify the procedure for obtaining citizenship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711630-u-nimeccini-hocut-skorotiti-ta-sprostiti-proceduru-otrimanna-gromadanstva.html
Russia has begun to prepare for war against Ukraine since 2007 - Budanov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711627-rosia-pocala-gotuvatisa-do-vijni-proti-ukraini-z-2007-roku-budanov.html
On weekends in Ukraine it will rain in some places, south up to +28 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711389-na-vihidnih-v-ukraini-podekudi-dositime-na-pivdni-do-28.html
Ukraine has presented a unique portrait of a fighter with an HIV/AIDS epidemic
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3711626-v-ukraini-predstavili-unikalnij-portret-borca-z-epidemieu-vilsnidu.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
Ignati on the knockout
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711624-ignat-pro-zbitta-rosijskogo-litaka-sistemou-patriot-mi-pro-ce-ne-ogolosuvali.html
Popov will not play for Dynamo by the end of the season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711625-popov-ne-zigrae-za-dinamo-do-kinca-sezonu.html
In the area of Mariupol Airport, explosions were heard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711623-v-rajoni-aeroportu-mariupola-prolunali-vibuhi.html
Zavatskaya completed the performances at the ITF tournament in Spain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711620-zavacka-zaversila-vistupi-na-turniri-itf-v-ispanii.html
Kalinina won the second "racket" of Russia and will perform for the first time in the final of the WTA tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711576-kalinina-peremogla-drugu-raketku-rosii-i-vperse-vistupit-u-finali-turniru-wta-v-rimi.html
Donetsk Oblast(06:00). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45967
Ukrainian air defense shot down 16 of 22 Shahed drones and 3 of 6 Kaliber cruise missiles, la...
https://t.me/kpszsu/2524
Drone crashed at railway in Dzhankoi district, northern Crimea
https://t.me/bazabazon/17778
2 wounded in Kryvyi Rih, significant damaged caused in Russian attack overnight
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/52397
Zaporizka Oblast(08:43). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45970
Donetsk Oblast(09:06). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45971
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(09:08). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45972
Sources told Reuters: The Ukrainian president will leave Jeddah after his participation in th...
https://twitter.com/SkyNewsArabia_B/status/1659463660245250048
Zaporizhzhya region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region (10:30). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Su ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45976
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(10:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24988
Russian army conducted 39 missile strikes, 39 airstrikes and 50 shelling with MLRS, - General...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4832
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Krasnohorivka, Maryinka and Pobyeda of Donetsk reg...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4838
G7 agrees new sanctions to 'starve Russia's war machine'
https://twitter.com/AFP/status/1659478399453102081
TASS: The Russian Defense Minister inspects the front lines in Zaporizhia, southeastern Ukraine
https://twitter.com/AlArabiya_Brk/status/1659482127983947776
Indian PM Narendra Modi and the Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky will meet in Hiroshima...
https://twitter.com/mridulaghosh/status/1659480755557351428
Donetsk Oblast(12:19). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45984
Poltavska Oblast(12:23). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/11231
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(12:23). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/15622
Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Sumy region, Zaporizhzhya region (12:25). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate ....
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45989
.@Pentagon's @sabrinasingh24 has this update on the U.S. Patriot missile defense system in Uk...
https://twitter.com/Mike_Eckel/status/1659511287758331905
Donetsk Oblast(13:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45999
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(13:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24996
2 drones were shot down near Pavlohrad and Vilniansk
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/42156
Biden informed G7 leaders on Friday that the U.S. will support a joint international effort t...
https://twitter.com/laraseligman/status/1659565431101825024
Biden informed G7 leaders on Friday that the U.S. will support a joint international effort t...
https://twitter.com/laraseligman/status/1659565431101825024
Zaporizka Oblast(16:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46004
Donetsk Oblast(17:12). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46005
At the Book Fair in Warsaw Ukraine will present the collective stand "Millions of bridges"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3711349-na-knizkovomu-armarku-u-varsavi-ukraina-predstavit-kolektivnij-stend-miljoni-mostiv.html
At the Book Fair in Warsaw Ukraine will present the collective stand "Millions of bridges"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3711349-na-knizkovomu-armarku-u-varsavi-ukraina-predstavit-kolektivnij-stend-miljoni-mostiv.html
Donetsk region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Poltava region (19:08). Red Alrt: Aerial Tx ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46011
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(19:08). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/25005
Explosions near airfield in Mariupol
https://t.me/lachentyt/29460
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(20:25). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/15642
Air defense shot down 2 aerial targets over Dnipropetrovsk region
https://t.me/dneproperatyv/63152
The EU urged China to press on Russia to stop the war against Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711440-es-zaklikav-kitaj-tisnuti-na-rosiu-sob-vona-pripinila-vijnu-proti-ukraini.html
NATO Mission Chairman: NATO: It is not necessary to exaggerate the value of a counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711443-golova-misii-ukraini-pri-nato-ne-varto-perebilsuvati-znacenna-kontrnastupu.html
Russian authorities refused to let the Crimean truck bridge
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3711445-rosijska-vlada-vidmovilasa-puskati-na-krimskij-mist-vantazivki.html
Russian authorities refused to let the Crimean truck bridge
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3711445-rosijska-vlada-vidmovilasa-puskati-na-krimskij-mist-vantazivki.html
"Dnipro-1" snatched victory in the game with "Kolos" at the start of the 27th round of UPL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711448-dnipro-virvav-peremog-u-gri-z-kolosom-na-starti-27go-turu-upl.html
"Dnipro-1" snatched victory in the game with "Kolos" at the start of the 27th round of UPL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711448-dnipro-virvav-peremog-u-gri-z-kolosom-na-starti-27go-turu-upl.html
Ukrainians are asked to save electricity in the evening - shelling damaged the main lines
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3711451-ukrainciv-prosat-ekonomiti-vveceri-elektroenergiu-obstrilami-poskodzeni-magistralni-linii.html
Ukrainians are asked to save electricity in the evening - shelling damaged the main lines
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3711451-ukrainciv-prosat-ekonomiti-vveceri-elektroenergiu-obstrilami-poskodzeni-magistralni-linii.html
Zelensky invited the League of Arab states to join the Ukrainian formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711454-zelenskij-zaprosiv-cleniv-ligi-arabskih-derzav-dolucitisa-do-ukrainskoi-formuli-miru.html
The State Department stated that weapons are in close contact with Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711453-u-derzdepi-zaavili-so-u-pitanni-zbroi-perebuvaut-u-tisnomu-kontakti-z-ukrainou.html
For millions of losses in the construction of the Podilskyi Bridge from office removed the director of the enterprise
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3711459-za-miljonni-zbitki-pri-budivnictvi-podilskogo-mostu-vid-posadi-vidstoronili-direktora-pidpriemstva.html
The National Bank presented a memorial coin "Forces of Support of the Armed Forces of Ukraine"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3711456-v-nbu-prezentuvali-rolik-obigovih-pamatnih-monet-sili-pidtrimki-zbrojnih-sil-ukraini.html
The Government has appointed two Deputy Minister of Education and Science
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711457-urad-priznaciv-dvoh-zastupnikiv-ministra-osviti-i-nauki.html
The Government has appointed two Deputy Minister of Education and Science
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711457-urad-priznaciv-dvoh-zastupnikiv-ministra-osviti-i-nauki.html
Not just repair: Shmigal told about preparation for the new heating season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3711462-ne-prosto-remontuemo-smigal-rozpoviv-pro-pidgotovku-do-novogo-opaluvalnogo-sezonu.html
In Ukraine, they initiate the creation of a day donor day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3711465-v-ukraini-iniciuut-stvorenna-dna-donora-izi.html
Berlusoni was discharged from the hospital
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711467-berluskoni-vipisali-z-likarni.html
Russia has increased the number of "calibers" on ships in the Black Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711468-rosia-zbilsila-kilkist-kalibriv-na-korablah-u-cornomu-mori.html
Seconded expenses of the Russian budget exceeded $ 37.5 billion - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711470-zasekreceni-vitrati-rosijskogo-budzetu-perevisili-375-milarda-zmi.html
Seconded expenses of the Russian budget exceeded $ 37.5 billion - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711470-zasekreceni-vitrati-rosijskogo-budzetu-perevisili-375-milarda-zmi.html
Six defenders of Ukraine were buried in Kropyvnytskyi
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711473-u-kropivnickomu-pohovali-sistoh-zahisnikiv-ukraini.html
The Government approved an IBRD grant attract
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3711475-urad-shvaliv-zalucenna-grantu-vid-mbrr-grosi-spramuut-na-zarplati-ta-socdopomogu.html
The light pollution of the planet is directly related to the mutations of viruses - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3711396-svitlove-zabrudnenna-planeti-mae-bezposerednij-stosunok-do-mutacij-virusiv-ekspert.html
Канада запровадила нові санкції проти понад 70 осіб та організацій з Росії
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711476-kanada-zaprovadila-novi-sankcii-proti-ponad-70-osib-ta-organizacij-z-rosii.html
Канада запровадила нові санкції проти понад 70 осіб та організацій з Росії
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711476-kanada-zaprovadila-novi-sankcii-proti-ponad-70-osib-ta-organizacij-z-rosii.html
A week before the capital's power, more than 20 complaints about closed shelters were received
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3711478-za-tizden-do-stolicnoi-vladi-nadijslo-ponad-20-skarg-na-zacineni-ukritta.html
Korea's recovery and assistance will be very useful in Ukraine - Zelenskaya
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3711479-dosvid-vidnovlenna-i-dopomoga-korei-duze-znadoblatsa-ukraini-zelenska.html
The head of Zaporizhzhya Ova released the deputy who appears in the "humanitarian" scandal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711482-ocilnik-zaporizkoi-ova-zvilniv-zastupnicu-aka-figurue-u-gumanitarnomu-skandali.html
The head of Zaporizhzhya Ova released the deputy who appears in the "humanitarian" scandal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711482-ocilnik-zaporizkoi-ova-zvilniv-zastupnicu-aka-figurue-u-gumanitarnomu-skandali.html
Vorskla beat Kryvbas in the Football Premier League of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711484-vorskla-obigrala-krivbas-u-futbolnij-premerlizi-ukraini.html
Vorskla beat Kryvbas in the Football Premier League of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711484-vorskla-obigrala-krivbas-u-futbolnij-premerlizi-ukraini.html
The US has expanded the sanction list through trade with Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711486-ssa-rozsirili-sankcijnij-spisok-cerez-torgivlu-z-rosieu.html
Kyiv region will receive windows for a million dollars - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3711488-kiivsina-otrimae-vikna-na-miljon-dolariv-ova.html
Russia will pay for the destroyed property of Ukrainians, losses of economy and lost lives - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3711489-rosia-zaplatit-za-znisene-majno-ukrainciv-vtrati-ekonomiki-ta-vtraceni-zitta-smigal.html
Russia will pay for the destroyed property of Ukrainians, losses of economy and lost lives - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3711489-rosia-zaplatit-za-znisene-majno-ukrainciv-vtrati-ekonomiki-ta-vtraceni-zitta-smigal.html
In the liberated territory of Kherson region, a study "Transformation of Communities in Occupation" was conducted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711493-na-zvilnenij-teritorii-hersonsini-proveli-doslidzenna-transformacia-gromad-v-umovah-okupacii.html
In the liberated territory of Kherson region, a study "Transformation of Communities in Occupation" was conducted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711493-na-zvilnenij-teritorii-hersonsini-proveli-doslidzenna-transformacia-gromad-v-umovah-okupacii.html
For a destroyed home that is not subject to repair, will pay compensation - the government will create a commission
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3711495-urad-gotue-viplati-kompensacij-ukraincam-za-zrujnovane-zitlo-ake-ne-pidlagae-remontu.html
Ukraine expects that Denmark will join the Aviation Coalition - Stefanchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711501-ukraina-rozrahovue-so-dania-priednaetsa-do-aviacijnoi-koalicii-stefancuk.html
Grain Agreement: The Russian Federation agreed to restore ship inspections to ports but not all
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3711601-zernova-ugoda-rf-pogodilas-vidnoviti-inspekcii-suden-do-portiv-ale-ne-vsih.html
In the Kyiv region, a bridge was rebuilt across the Tal River
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3711503-na-kiivsini-vidbuduvali-mist-cerez-ricku-tal.html
In Tbilisi at a rally against airline with Russia detained six people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711505-u-tbilisi-na-mitingu-proti-aviaspolucenna-z-rosieu-zatrimali-sistoh-ludej.html
In Myanmar, the number of dead as a result of the cyclone increased to 145
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711507-u-manmi-kilkist-zagiblih-unaslidok-ciklonu-zrosla-do-145.html
Celebration of Embroidery Day took place at the Ukrainian House in Cyprus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3711509-svatkuvanna-dna-visivanki-vidbulosa-v-ukrainskomu-domi-na-kipri.html
At the Biennale Architettura 2023 International Exhibition, a Ukrainian palle was opened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3711516-na-miznarodnij-vistavci-biennale-architettura-2023-vidkrivsa-ukrainskij-paljon.html
In Russia, the ICS prosecutor was wanted, who issued a warrant for Putin's arrest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711513-u-rosii-ogolosili-v-rozsuk-prokurora-mks-akij-vidav-order-na-arest-putina.html
The Government has attributed to priority expenditures to restore the work of OVA in the de -checked territories
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3711514-urad-vidnis-do-prioritetnih-vidatki-na-vidnovlenna-roboti-ova-na-deokupovanih-teritoriah.html
Zelensky met with representatives of UAE, mislead and kwwait
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711519-zelenskij-zustrivsa-z-predstavnikami-oae-omanu-ta-kuvejtu.html
Humeniuk about the situation in Crimea: invaders pack things and study road maps
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3711523-gumenuk-pro-situaciu-v-krimu-zagarbniki-pakuut-reci-ta-vivcaut-dorozni-karti.html
More than 536 million have provided for military examinations in the Medicinal Program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3711524-na-medogladi-vijskovih-u-programi-medgarantij-peredbacili-ponad-536-miljoniv.html
G7 countries will force Russia to pay for post -war restoration of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3711525-kraini-g7-primusat-rosiu-zaplatiti-za-pislavoenne-vidnovlenna-ukraini.html
Volkswagen sold all its assets in the Russian Federation to a local investor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711526-volkswagen-prodav-usi-svoi-aktivi-v-rf-miscevomu-investoru.html
In the village near Zaporozhye there are less than a thousand residents left
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711527-u-selisi-nepodalik-zaporizza-zalisilosa-mense-tisaci-meskanciv.html
Tsarev was deprived of the Cabinet's honorary certificate
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3711530-carova-pozbavili-pocesnoi-gramoti-kabminu.html
Chernihiv region received humanitarian aid from the Danish company
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711536-cernigivsina-otrimala-gumanitarnu-dopomogu-vid-danskoi-kompanii.html
Chernihiv region received humanitarian aid from the Danish company
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711536-cernigivsina-otrimala-gumanitarnu-dopomogu-vid-danskoi-kompanii.html
Russia raised the issue of civilian exchange - lubin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711539-rosia-porusila-pitanna-obminu-civilnimi-lubinec.html
In the Kyiv region on the roadside found an anti -tank mine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711540-na-kiivsini-na-uzbicci-znajsli-protitankovu-minu.html
G7 leaders supported the Black Sea grain initiative
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3711541-lideri-g7-pidtrimali-cornomorsku-zernovu-iniciativu.html
G7 leaders supported the Black Sea grain initiative
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3711541-lideri-g7-pidtrimali-cornomorsku-zernovu-iniciativu.html
Training of Ukrainian pilots on F-16: Biden confirmed the participation of American instructors
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711542-navcanna-ukrainskih-pilotiv-na-f16-bajden-pidtverdiv-ucast-amerikanskih-instruktoriv.html
Ukrainian museums to exchange experience will visit French institutions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3711548-ukrainski-muzejniki-dla-obminu-dosvidom-vidvidaut-francuzki-institucii.html
Ukrainian museums to exchange experience will visit French institutions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3711548-ukrainski-muzejniki-dla-obminu-dosvidom-vidvidaut-francuzki-institucii.html
The enemy tried to storm the border guard point in Bakhmut but went with losses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711550-vorog-namagavsa-sturmuvati-opornij-punkt-prikordonnikiv-u-bahmuti-ale-vidijsov-iz-vtratami.html
In Chernivtsi presents the first full collection of songs from films that starred Ivan Mykolaychuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3711559-u-cernivcah-prezentuut-perse-povne-zibranna-pisen-iz-filmiv-u-akih-znimavsa-ivan-mikolajcuk.html
Russia continues to receive electronics from Germany - Spiegel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711553-rf-popri-sankcii-prodovzue-otrimuvati-elektroniku-z-nimeccini-spiegel.html
In the center of Zaporizhzhia will restore the house destroyed as a result of rocket strike
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3711556-u-centri-zaporizza-vidnovlat-zrujnovanij-vnaslidok-raketnogo-udaru-budinok.html
In Kharkiv region made a car to mine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711557-na-harkivsini-vigotovili-masinu-dla-rozminuvanna.html
Hockey World Championship: Finland defeated Hungary, Latvia overcame Slovenia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711558-cempionat-svitu-z-hokeu-finlandia-rozgromila-ugorsinu-latvia-peregrala-sloveniu.html
Hockey World Championship: Finland defeated Hungary, Latvia overcame Slovenia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711558-cempionat-svitu-z-hokeu-finlandia-rozgromila-ugorsinu-latvia-peregrala-sloveniu.html
The formula of peace and interaction in the humanitarian sphere: Zelensky met with Prime Minister Iraq
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711565-formula-miru-i-vzaemodia-v-gumanitarnij-sferi-zelenskij-zustrivsa-z-premerom-iraku.html
UPL: Shakhtar beat "Heather" in the 27th round
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711562-upl-sahtar-peregrav-veres-u-27mu-turi.html
UPL: Shakhtar beat "Heather" in the 27th round
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711562-upl-sahtar-peregrav-veres-u-27mu-turi.html
Nadiya Kichenok will play in the WTA 125 paired tournament in Paris
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711564-nadia-kicenok-zigrae-u-finali-parnogo-turniru-wta-125-u-parizi.html
Russians concentrated attacks in four directions - 70 clashes per day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711566-vorog-zoserediv-ataki-na-cotiroh-napramkah-70-zitknen-za-dobu.html
SpaceX launched 22 satellites of Starlink next generation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3711569-spacex-zapustila-na-orbitu-22-suputniki-starlink-nastupnogo-pokolinna.html
SpaceX launched 22 satellites of Starlink next generation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3711569-spacex-zapustila-na-orbitu-22-suputniki-starlink-nastupnogo-pokolinna.html
The US Government has announced complex sanctions against hundreds of individuals and organizations in the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711568-urad-ssa-ogolosiv-pro-kompleksni-sankcii-proti-sotni-fizicnih-osib-ta-organizacij-v-rf.html
The US Government has announced complex sanctions against hundreds of individuals and organizations in the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711568-urad-ssa-ogolosiv-pro-kompleksni-sankcii-proti-sotni-fizicnih-osib-ta-organizacij-v-rf.html
Ukrainian aviation has made 12 beats in places of enemy cluster
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711572-ukrainska-aviacia-zavdala-12-udariv-po-miscah-skupcenna-voroga.html
The invaders connected the Jarilgach Island with the occupied Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711574-zagarbniki-zednali-ostriv-dzarilgac-z-okupovanou-hersonsinou.html
US supported the "fighter coalition": Zelensky welcomes Baiden's decision
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711575-ssa-pidtrimali-koaliciu-vinisuvaciv-zelenskij-vitae-risenna-bajdena.html
Korean business will provide Ukraine with heavy agrotechnics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3711578-korejskij-biznes-nadast-ukraini-vazku-agrotehniku.html
An exhibition dedicated to Mariupol's defense opened in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3711581-u-kievi-vidkrilasa-vistavka-prisvacena-oboroni-mariupola.html
An exhibition dedicated to Mariupol's defense opened in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3711581-u-kievi-vidkrilasa-vistavka-prisvacena-oboroni-mariupola.html
Vashchuk entered the ranks of the National Guard of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711579-vasuk-vstupiv-do-lav-nacgvardii-ukraini.html
Vashchuk entered the ranks of the National Guard of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711579-vasuk-vstupiv-do-lav-nacgvardii-ukraini.html
Stefanchuk discussed the issue of reconstruction of Ukraine with the Minister of Entrepreneurship of Denmark
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3711584-stefancuk-obgovoriv-z-ministrom-pidpriemnictva-danii-pitanna-vidbudovi-ukraini.html
In the suburbs of Bakhmut the pace of promotion of the Armed Forces slightly decreased - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711582-u-peredmisti-bahmuta-tempi-prosuvanna-zsu-deso-znizilis-malar.html
The Russian Federation buys Chip and drones for war in Ukraine through Kazakhstan in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711587-rf-kupue-cerez-kazahstan-cipi-ta-bezpilotniki-dla-vijni-v-ukraini.html
The Russian Federation buys Chip and drones for war in Ukraine through Kazakhstan in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711587-rf-kupue-cerez-kazahstan-cipi-ta-bezpilotniki-dla-vijni-v-ukraini.html
In Poland, they found a warhead from a rocket that was previously discovered
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711591-u-polsi-znajsli-boegolovku-vid-raketi-aku-ranise-viavili-pid-bidgosem.html
In Poland, they found a warhead from a rocket that was previously discovered
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711591-u-polsi-znajsli-boegolovku-vid-raketi-aku-ranise-viavili-pid-bidgosem.html
UNESCO through a satellite monitors Russia's damage to cultural sites in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3711596-unesko-sodobi-cerez-suputnik-monitorit-poskodzenna-rosieu-kulturnih-obektiv-v-ukraini.html
UNESCO through a satellite monitors Russia's damage to cultural sites in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3711596-unesko-sodobi-cerez-suputnik-monitorit-poskodzenna-rosieu-kulturnih-obektiv-v-ukraini.html
The national team of Ukraine was selected in all five finals for artistic gymnastics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711593-zbirna-ukraini-vidibralasa-v-usi-pat-finaliv-na-ce-z-hudoznoi-gimnastiki.html
Zelensky will meet with Biden at the G7 summit - the head of the OP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3711598-zelenskij-zustrinetsa-z-bajdenom-na-samiti-g7-glava-op.html
In the capital will take place to the anniversary of the occupation of Mariupol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3711597-u-stolici-vidbudutsa-zahodi-do-ricnici-z-dna-okupacii-mariupola.html
Media: Lunin will leave Real in the summer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711599-zmi-lunin-pokine-real-vlitku.html
Media: Lunin will leave Real in the summer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711599-zmi-lunin-pokine-real-vlitku.html
Zaluzhni discussed with Millie's work Patriot and supplying long -range shells
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711605-zaluznij-obgovoriv-iz-milli-robotu-patriot-ta-postacanna-dalekobijnih-snaradiv.html
Zaluzhni discussed with Millie's work Patriot and supplying long -range shells
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711605-zaluznij-obgovoriv-iz-milli-robotu-patriot-ta-postacanna-dalekobijnih-snaradiv.html
The Government has expanded the directions of using microgrants under the Program "Own Case"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3711604-urad-rozsiriv-naprami-vikoristanna-mikrograntiv-za-programou-vlasna-sprava.html
Russia has banned entering Obama country and another 500 Americans
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711610-rosia-zaboronila-vizd-do-kraini-obami-ta-se-500-amerikancam.html
The Armed Forces is controlled by Avdiivka, in Marinka the fights were actually in the city center - the Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711608-zsu-kontroluut-avdiivku-u-marinci-boi-jsli-fakticno-v-centri-mista-minoboroni.html
PAP forces in the Pavlograd area destroyed an enemy drone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711612-sili-ppo-u-rajoni-pavlograda-znisili-vorozij-bezpilotnik.html
Polish company through Stockholm Arbitration will require $ 1.2 billion in Gazprom
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3711613-polska-kompania-cerez-stokgolmskij-arbitraz-vimagatime-v-gazpromu-12-milarda.html
In April, 878 new HIV cases were registered in Ukraine, 99 people died of AIDS
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3711617-u-kvitni-v-ukraini-zareestruvali-878-novih-vipadkiv-vilinfekcii-99-ludej-pomerli-vid-snidu.html
There are more than 4,000 Civil Protection Counties in Kyiv today
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3711618-u-kievi-na-sogodni-e-ponad-4-tisaci-ukrittiv-civilnogo-zahistu.html
Ukraine will not punish residents of temporarily occupied territories for passports of the Russian Federation - Lubinets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3711619-ukraina-ne-karatime-ziteliv-timcasovo-okupovanih-teritorij-za-pasporti-rf-lubinec.html
Zavatskaya completed the performances at the ITF tournament in Spain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711620-zavacka-zaversila-vistupi-na-turniri-itf-v-ispanii.html
In the area of Mariupol Airport, explosions were heard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711623-v-rajoni-aeroportu-mariupola-prolunali-vibuhi.html
In the area of Mariupol Airport, explosions were heard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711623-v-rajoni-aeroportu-mariupola-prolunali-vibuhi.html
Popov will not play for Dynamo by the end of the season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711625-popov-ne-zigrae-za-dinamo-do-kinca-sezonu.html
Ignati on the knockout
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711624-ignat-pro-zbitta-rosijskogo-litaka-sistemou-patriot-mi-pro-ce-ne-ogolosuvali.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
Ukraine has presented a unique portrait of a fighter with an HIV/AIDS epidemic
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3711626-v-ukraini-predstavili-unikalnij-portret-borca-z-epidemieu-vilsnidu.html
On weekends in Ukraine it will rain in some places, south up to +28 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711389-na-vihidnih-v-ukraini-podekudi-dositime-na-pivdni-do-28.html
Russia has begun to prepare for war against Ukraine since 2007 - Budanov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711627-rosia-pocala-gotuvatisa-do-vijni-proti-ukraini-z-2007-roku-budanov.html
In Germany want to cut and simplify the procedure for obtaining citizenship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711630-u-nimeccini-hocut-skorotiti-ta-sprostiti-proceduru-otrimanna-gromadanstva.html
In Germany want to cut and simplify the procedure for obtaining citizenship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711630-u-nimeccini-hocut-skorotiti-ta-sprostiti-proceduru-otrimanna-gromadanstva.html
Budanov: Gostomel landing - it was generally the only plan of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711632-budanov-visadka-v-gostomeli-ce-vzagali-buv-edinij-plan-rosii.html
The enemy fired 17 times the border of Sumy region - a total of 131 explosions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711636-vorog-17-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-zagalom-131-vibuh.html
Denmark is ready to teach Ukrainian pilots on F -16 - Stefanchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711637-dania-gotova-navcati-ukrainskih-pilotiv-na-f16-stefancuk.html
Marchenko will play with Sachko at the ATR Tournament 250 in Switzerland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711638-marcenko-zigrae-iz-sackom-na-turniri-atr-250-u-svejcarii.html
The offensive from Belarus to Ukraine is absolutely unrealistic - the head of GUR
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711639-nastup-z-bilorusi-na-ukrainu-absolutno-nerealnij-ocilnik-gur.html
Kuleba: Portugal joined the aviation coalition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711641-kuleba-portugalia-priednalasa-do-aviacijnoi-koalicii.html
Kuleba: Portugal joined the aviation coalition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711641-kuleba-portugalia-priednalasa-do-aviacijnoi-koalicii.html
CEO of the IAEA urged not to use the ZPP as a military base
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711642-gendirektor-magate-zaklikav-ne-vikoristovuvati-zaes-ak-vijskovu-bazu.html
The last half of a year to official events go to the doubles of Putin - Budanov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711644-ostanni-piv-roku-na-oficijni-zahodi-izdat-dvijniki-putina-budanov.html
Russia spent on a media $ 1.9 billion last year last year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711327-rosia-torik-vitratila-na-propagandu-u-media-19-milarda.html
GUR Head: New State entities will appear on the territory of Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711647-kerivnik-gur-na-teritorii-rosii-zavlatsa-novi-derzavni-utvorenna.html
GUR Head: New State entities will appear on the territory of Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711647-kerivnik-gur-na-teritorii-rosii-zavlatsa-novi-derzavni-utvorenna.html
The "Fighter Coalition" is extremely important for the rescue of thousands of lives of civilians - the head of the OP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711648-koalicia-vinisuvaciv-ukraj-vazliva-dla-poratunku-tisac-zittiv-civilnih-glava-op.html
Trarea will miss three months due to injury
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3711649-traore-propustit-tri-misaci-cerez-travmu.html
After victory, Ukraine is waiting for a long -term stage of reintegration of territories - Budanov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711650-pisla-peremogi-ukrainu-cekae-bagatoricnij-etap-reintegracii-teritorij-budanov.html
In Slovakia, the court again acquitted a businessman accused of organizing the murder of a journalist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3711653-u-slovaccini-sud-znovu-vipravdav-biznesmena-obvinuvacenogo-v-organizacii-vbivstva-zurnalista.html
The NSDC discussed how to strengthen the national cybersecurity system
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/u-rnbo-obgovoryly-yak-posylyty-naczionalnu-systemu-kiberbezpeky/
For 15 years, a resident of Kherson region will be conducted by the occupants of pro -Ukrainian citizens will be conducted
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/15-rokiv-za-gratamy-provede-meshkanecz-hersonshhyny-yakyj-zdavav-okupantam-proukrayinskyh-gromadyan/
Evorog: Half a million Ukrainians have already taken advantage of Chatbot
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/yevorog-piv-miljona-ukrayincziv-uzhe-skorystalysya-chatbotom/
The recommendation for the residents of Tot is unchanged: not to receive passports of the Russian Federation, to leave or wait for the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/rekomendacziya-dlya-meshkancziv-tot-zalyshayetsya-nezminnoyu-za-mozhlyvosti-ne-otrymuvaty-vorozhi-pasporty-a-krashhe-vyyihaty-abo-dochekatysya-zsu/
The French Ambassador visited Raisi in Kharkiv Region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/posol-francziyi-vdruge-vidvidav-izyum-na-harkivshhyni/
Drone Army: Almost 500 Pegas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/armiya-droniv-majzhe-500-droniv-pegas-peredaly-oboronczyam-na-najgaryachishyh-dilyankah-frontu/
Staying the military of the Russian Federation at the ZPP is the risks to the nuclear security of the entire continent - Herman Galushchenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/perebuvannya-vijskovyh-rf-na-zaes-nese-ryzyky-dlya-yadernoyi-bezpeky-vsogo-kontynentu-german-galushhenko/
The General Staff of the Armed Forces reported about 39 missile, 39 aircraft strikes of the Russian Federation and 29 fighting in the east
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/genshtab-zsu-povidomyv-pro-39-raketnyh-39-aviaczijnyh-udary-rf-i-29-bojovyh-zitknen-na-shodi/
Defense forces struck seven stations of the IP and three artillery units
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/syly-oborony-urazyly-sim-stanczij-reb-ta-try-artylerijski-pidrozdily/
The enemy focused on four destinations, for Bakhmut and Mar ’ Yunko is undergoing heavy battles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/vorog-zoseredyvsya-na-chotyroh-napryamkah-za-bahmut-i-maryinku-vedutsya-vazhki-boyi/
In Lugansk local hospital, the occupiers were turned into a military hospital
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/u-lugansku-misczevu-likarnyu-okupanty-peretvoryly-na-vijskovyj-gospital/
Air Forces destroyed 16 shahd and three winged caliber missiles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/syly-ppo-znyshhyly-16-shahed-ta-try-krylati-rakety-kalibr/
Our defenders destroyed six SAU "Carnation" on the left bank of the Dnieper - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/nashi-zahysnyky-znyshhyly-shist-sau-gvozdyka-na-livomu-berezi-dnipra-nataliya-gumenyuk/
Relatives of captive paratroopers met with representatives of the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/rodychi-polonenyh-desantnykiv-zustrilysya-z-predstavnykamy-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-2/
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated more than 600 invaders, destroyed 4 tanks and 12 Artisystems
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-ponad-600-okupantiv-znyshhyly-4-tanky-i-12-artsystem/
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated more than 600 invaders, destroyed 4 tanks and 12 Artisystems
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-ponad-600-okupantiv-znyshhyly-4-tanky-i-12-artsystem/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Reported suspicion to a high -ranking Russian military who ordered to seize Gostomel airfield
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-vysokopostavlenomu-rosijskomu-vijskovomu-yakyj-nakazav-zahopyty-aerodrom-gostomelya/
Japan will take for the first time for the treatment of wounded Ukrainian military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/yaponiya-vpershe-pryjme-na-likuvannya-poranenyh-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/
GUR fixes attempts to spread in the media misinformation on the Defense Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/gur-fiksuye-sproby-poshyrennya-u-media-dezinformacziyi-pro-syly-oborony-ukrayiny/
Diamond, copper, aluminum and terrorists' military leadership: Britain has imposed new sanctions on the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/almazy-mid-alyuminij-ta-vijskove-kerivnycztvo-terorystiv-brytaniya-naklala-novi-sankcziyi-na-rf/
Diamond, copper, aluminum and terrorists' military leadership: Britain has imposed new sanctions on the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/almazy-mid-alyuminij-ta-vijskove-kerivnycztvo-terorystiv-brytaniya-naklala-novi-sankcziyi-na-rf/
The potential of the Russian Federation for serious offensive actions is completely exhausted - Cyril Budanov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/potenczial-rf-dlya-serjoznyh-nastupalnyh-dij-absolyutno-vycherpanyj-kyrylo-budanov/
Almost 6,000 explosive items were neutralized by pyrotechnics per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/majzhe-6-tysyach-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-zneshkodyly-pirotehniky-za-dobu/
Great Seven leaders will discuss the supply of F-16 fighters for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/lidery-velykoyi-simky-obgovoryat-postachannya-vynyshhuvachiv-f-16-dlya-ukrayiny/
Great Seven leaders will discuss the supply of F-16 fighters for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/lidery-velykoyi-simky-obgovoryat-postachannya-vynyshhuvachiv-f-16-dlya-ukrayiny/
Even more NASAMS for Ukraine: Ruslan Stefanchuk visited the company in Norway
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/golova-verhovnoyi-rady-ukrayiny-oznajomyvsya-z-robotoyu-norvezkoyi-ppo-nasams/
Almost 200 trips to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling were made by SES units
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/majzhe-200-vyyizdiv-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-zdijsnyly-pidrozdily-dsns/
In Chernivtsi, a Russian agent was detained, who was spying on the defense forces units
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/u-chernivczyah-zatrymano-rosijskogo-agenta-yakyj-shpyguvav-za-pidrozdilamy-syl-oborony/
Landing and Batalya boats: with the participation of the river division, training was held in the north direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/desantuvannya-i-bataliya-kateriv-za-uchasti-richkovogo-dyvizionu-vidbulysya-navchannya-na-pivnichnomu-napryamku/
Russians have been preparing for the existence in military conditions - Doctor of Historical Sciences Larisa Yakubova
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/rosiyan-gotuyut-do-isnuvannya-u-voyennyh-umovah-desyatyrichchyamy-doktor-istorychnyh-nauk-larysa-yakubova/
Russians have been preparing for the existence in military conditions - Doctor of Historical Sciences Larisa Yakubova
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/rosiyan-gotuyut-do-isnuvannya-u-voyennyh-umovah-desyatyrichchyamy-doktor-istorychnyh-nauk-larysa-yakubova/
Ukraine managed to return another child taken to the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/ukrayini-vdalosya-povernuty-shhe-odnu-dytynu-vyvezenu-do-rf/
In essence, the Armed Forces completed their military assignments - Anna Malyar on Bakhmut's Defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/po-suti-zsu-vykonaly-svoyi-vijskovi-zavdannya-ganna-malyar-pro-oboronu-bahmuta/
Reported suspicion to the Russian general who ordered the destruction of "Dream"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-rosijskomu-generalu-yakyj-viddav-nakaz-znyshhyty-mriyu/
Today the exchange of "all on all" is more real than three months ago - coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/obmin-vsih-na-vsih-sogodni-realnyj-nizh-try-misyaczi-tomu-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
The length of the Ukrainian defense line reaches 3750 kilometers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/aktualna-protyazhnist-liniyi-oborony-u-suchasnij-vijni-syagaye-3750-kilometriv/
Russians want to psychologically exhaust our national resistance - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/rosiyany-hochut-psyhologichno-vysnazhyty-nash-naczionalnyj-opir-ganna-malyar/
The President of Ukraine arrived in Saudi Arabia, where will present our formula of peace
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/prezydent-ukrayiny-prybuv-do-saudivskoyi-araviyi-de-predstavyt-nashu-formulu-myru/
During the day, Russian troops fired 126 settlements of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/za-dobu-rosijski-vijska-obstrilyaly-126-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny/
"Moshchun and Fighting in Gostomel - events that completely destroyed the Russian plan" - Cyril Budanov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/moshhun-i-boyi-v-gostomeli-podiyi-yaki-povnistyu-zrujnuvaly-rosijskyj-zadum-%e2%80%95-kyrylo-budanov/
Ukrainian experts are trained in Poland for the treatment and rehabilitation of the victims of the war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/ukrayinski-fahivczi-prohodyat-u-polshhi-navchannya-z-likuvannya-ta-reabilitacziyi-postrazhdalyh-vid-vijny/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 88 thousand military crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-88-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
On the fighting in the Black Sea, Russia holds three carbon carriers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/na-bojovomu-cherguvanni-u-chornomu-mori-rosiya-trymaye-try-nosiyi-kalibriv/
NATO Secretary General Assessed Ukraine forces to return the occupied lands
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/gensek-nato-oczinyv-syly-ukrayiny-povernuty-okupovani-zemli/
The F-16 aircraft can significantly strengthen Ukraine's air defense-Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/litak-f-16-mozhe-znachno-posylyty-ppo-ukrayiny-yurij-ignat/
Shelling Russia wants to disrupt the counter -offensive - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/obstrilamy-rosiya-hoche-zirvaty-kontrnastup-gur/
Italy joins the exercises of the Ukrainian military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/italiya-doluchayetsya-do-navchan-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/
The Head of State celebrated 117 servicemen awards, 93 of them were posthumously
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/glava-derzhavy-vidznachyv-nagorodamy-117-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-iz-nyh-93-posmertno/
The purpose of Poland should be to ensure Ukraine's accession to the European Union and NATO - Andrzej Duda
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/metoyu-polshhi-maye-staty-zabezpechennya-vstupu-ukrayiny-do-yevropejskogo-soyuzu-ta-nato-andzhej-duda/
Expenditures on resumption of military administrations in de -enrolled territories belong to priority
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/vydatky-na-vidnovlennya-diyalnosti-vijskovyh-administraczij-na-deokupovanyh-terytoriyah-nalezhat-do-priorytetnyh/
Coordination Staff: Prisoners of defenders are psychologically pressed and offering Russian citizenship
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-na-polonenyh-zahysnykiv-psyhologichno-tysnut-i-proponuyut-gromadyanstvo-rf/
Ukrainian scientists received the Boris Paton Prize for a significant contribution to supporting the combat capability of the Armed Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/ukrayinski-naukovczi-otrymaly-premiyu-imeni-borysa-patona-za-vagomyj-vnesok-u-pidtrymku-boyezdatnosti-zs-ukrayiny/
The occupants of the Armed Forces and the coordinates of fortifications - will judge the occupants of the Armed Forces - will judge a resident of Sumy region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/zdav-okupantam-pozycziyi-zsu-ta-koordynaty-fortyfikaczijnyh-sporud-sudytymut-zhytelya-sumshhyny/
Banks, Rosatom subsidiaries and defense enterprises: Australia has introduced new sanctions against Russia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/banky-dochirni-kompaniyi-rosatomu-ta-oboronni-pidpryyemstva-avstraliya-zaprovadyla-novi-sankcziyi-proty-rf/
The infrastructure in Crimea will work normally when the peninsula returns to Ukraine - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/infrastruktura-v-krymu-normalno-zapraczyuye-todi-koly-pivostriv-povernetsya-do-ukrayiny/
The National Bank has put into circulation a new commemorative coin dedicated to the forces of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/naczbank-vviv-v-obig-novu-pamyatnu-monetu-prysvyachenu-sylam-pidtrymky-zsu/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy at the League Summit of Arab states urged to promote the protection of our people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/volodymyr-zelenskyj-na-samiti-ligy-arabskyh-derzhav-zaklykav-spryyaty-zahystu-nashyh-lyudej/
Defense forces have inflicted 12 beats in areas of focus of occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/syly-oborony-zavdaly-12-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv/
Very tough battles - Anna Malyar continue on the Bakhmut direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-tryvayut-duzhe-zhorstki-boyi-ganna-malyar/
What documents are required to pass VLK
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/yaki-dokumenty-neobhidni-dlya-prohodzhennya-vlk/
The United States supported the International Fighter Coalition - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/ssha-pidtrymaly-mizhnarodnu-koalicziyu-vynyshhuvachiv-prezydent/
Defense forces repelled numerous enemy attacks in Marinka area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/syly-oborony-vidbyly-chyslenni-ataky-protyvnyka-v-rajoni-maryinky/
President of Ukraine held important meetings with the heads of delegations of the UAE, Oman and Kuwait
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/prezydent-ukrayiny-proviv-vazhlyvi-zustrichi-z-glavamy-delegaczij-oae-omanu-ta-kuvejtu/
Anna Malyar told how the Russian community responds to counter -offensive information
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/ganna-malyar-rozpovila-yak-rosijska-spilnota-reaguye-na-informacziyu-pro-kontrnastup/
The invaders connected the Jarilgach Island with the occupied mainland of the Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/okupanty-zyednaly-ostriv-dzharylgach-z-okupovanoyu-materykovoyu-chastynoyu-hersonskoyi-oblasti/
US Army General Andrew Poppas attended the training of Ukrainian servicemen in the United Kingdom
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/endryu-poppas-vidvidav-kursy-pidgotovky-ukrayinskyh-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
General Valery Zaluzhni noted the effective work of Patriot complexes in conversation with General Mark Millie
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/general-valerij-zaluzhnyj-vidznachyv-efektyvnu-robotu-kompleksiv-patriot-u-rozmovi-z-generalom-markom-milli/
Volodymyr Zelensky expressed her special thanks to Iraq for the support of Ukraine within international organizations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/volodymyr-zelenskyj-vyslovyv-osoblyvu-podyaku-iraku-za-pidtrymku-ukrayiny-v-mezhah-mizhnarodnyh-organizaczij/
The government will sign the Ukrainian-Turkish Memorandum on the quality of defense products
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/uryad-pidpyshe-ukrayinsko-tureczkyj-memorandum-shhodo-yakosti-tovariv-oboronnogo-pryznachennya/
The bidding will be announced in the near future to organize the food of the Armed Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/najblyzhchym-chasom-budut-ogolosheni-torgy-shhodo-organizacziyi-harchuvannya-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-zbrojnyh-syl/
For funds collected through United24, another 15 ambulance cars will be purchased
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/za-koshty-zibrani-cherez-united24-budut-prydbani-shhe-15-avtomobiliv-shvydkoyi/
Aviation Coalition: Portugal is ready to train Ukrainian military pilots
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/aviaczijna-koalicziya-portugaliya-gotova-trenuvaty-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-lotchykiv/
Short. War. Day 450. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/19/korotko-vijna-den-450-videodajdzhest/
Mottorage in honor of Mariupol defenders will start in Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711658-u-lvovi-startue-motoprobig-na-cest-zahisnikiv-mariupola.html
In the capital and the area there is air defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711657-u-stolici-ta-oblasti-pracue-ppo.html
In Kiev and a number of areas - air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711656-u-kievi-nizci-oblastej-povitrana-trivoga.html
Ordinary Russians support war and murder - Budanov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711655-peresicni-rosiani-pidtrimuut-vijnu-i-vbivstva-budanov.html
On the site of "cotton" in Mariupol, one hundred invaders and air defense - Andryushchenko were based
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711654-na-misci-bavovni-v-mariupoli-bazuvalisa-pivtori-sotni-zagarbnikiv-ta-ppo-andrusenko.html
On the site of "cotton" in Mariupol, one hundred invaders and air defense - Andryushchenko were based
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711654-na-misci-bavovni-v-mariupoli-bazuvalisa-pivtori-sotni-zagarbnikiv-ta-ppo-andrusenko.html
Ordinary Russians support war and murder - Budanov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711655-peresicni-rosiani-pidtrimuut-vijnu-i-vbivstva-budanov.html
In Kiev and a number of areas - air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711656-u-kievi-nizci-oblastej-povitrana-trivoga.html
In the capital and the area there is air defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711657-u-stolici-ta-oblasti-pracue-ppo.html
Mottorage in honor of Mariupol defenders will start in Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3711658-u-lvovi-startue-motoprobig-na-cest-zahisnikiv-mariupola.html
Explosions are heard in Kiev, the city authorities report the work of air defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711660-u-kievi-lunaut-vibuhi-kmva-povidomlae-pro-robotu-ppo.html
Air attack on Kiev: The fragments fell on the roof of the high -rise building
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3711661-povitrana-ataka-na-kiiv-ulamki-vpali-na-dah-bagatopoverhivki.html
Ukraine and the world are against Russian aggression. Sanctions in action
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-sankcziyi-v-diyi-12/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====