乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-07-13

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Hirsk of Chernihiv region...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5337
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Krasno Pershe, Novomolinsk, Dvorichny, West, MAS ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5338
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske, Ver...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5339
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Bogdanivka, Chrome, Time Yar, Ivanov ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5340
At Avdiyivka direction Russian army shelled Avdiyivka, Pervomayske and Nevelske of Donetsk re...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5341
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian of the Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, Marynka, St. George and Andaa. ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5342
At Shakhtarske direction Russian army shelled Vuhledar, Storozheve, Blahodatne of Donetsk reg...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5343
The regions are united for the reconstruction of Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/regiony-obyednalysya-dlya-vidbudovy-hersonshhyny/
As veterans and their families not be a victim of cybershachrai
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/yak-veteranam-ta-chlenam-yihnih-simej-ne-staty-zhertvoyu-kibershahrayiv/
89% of Ukrainians want to see Ukraine in NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/89-ukrayincziv-hochut-bachyty-ukrayinu-v-skladi-nato/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 15 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zadala-15-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
During the day, the enemy caused 65 air strikes and carried out 71 shelling with RSZV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/protyagom-doby-vorog-zavdav-ponad-65-aviaudariv-i-zdijsnyv-71-obstril-z-rszv/
4 person wounded across Kyiv after several Russian drones were shot down
https://t.me/vitaliy_klitschko/2184
Front Situation: Five Directions continue heavy battles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/sytuacziya-na-fronti-na-pyatoh-napryamkah-tryvayut-vazhki-boyi/
1 person killed as result of fire as drones debris have fallen at residential house in Podils...
https://t.me/vitaliy_klitschko/2185
Ukrainian soldiers were eliminated more than 500 invaders per day, 17 artisystems and 7 BBM were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/ukrayinski-voyiny-za-dobu-likviduvaly-ponad-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-17-artsystem-ta-7-bbm/
Alexei Reznikov: I am sure that Ukraine will soon join the NATO family
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/oleksij-reznikov-ya-vpevnenyj-shho-ukrayina-nezabarom-pryyednayetsya-do-rodyny-nato/
Ukraine and Germany have started systematic cooperation in the field of strategic communications
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/ukrayina-ta-nimechchyna-zapochatkuvaly-systemnu-spivpraczyu-u-sferi-strategichnyh-komunikaczij/
Nearly 1400 fire tasks per day have completed art units of defense forces in the Tavriya direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/majzhe-1400-vognevyh-zavdan-za-dobu-vykonaly-artpidrozdily-syl-oborony-na-tavrijskomu-napryamku/
Minister: What are the employment services available on the guide?
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/minczyfry-yaki-poslugy-u-sferi-zajnyatosti-dostupni-na-gidi/
Ukraine seeks to get a "roaming visa waiver" from the EU on a permanent basis - Denis Shmigal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/ukrayina-pragne-otrymaty-roumingovyj-bezviz-iz-yes-na-postijnij-osnovi-denys-shmygal/
1.7 billion hryvnias allocated a government to restore medical institutions in 9 regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/17-mlrd-gryven-vydilyv-kabinet-ministriv-na-vidnovlennya-medzakladiv-u-9-oblastyah-ukrayiny/
In the air force told how many "shahas" destroyed this night
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/u-povitryanyh-sylah-rozpovily-skilky-shahediv-znyshhyly-cziyeyi-nochi-2/
F-16 training: Poland will give Ukrainian pilots its infrastructure
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/navchannya-na-f-16-polshha-nadast-ukrayinskym-pilotam-svoyu-infrastrukturu/
The Government has increased state order for the training of rehabilitation professionals and psychologists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/uryad-zbilshyv-derzhzamovlennya-na-pidgotovku-fahivcziv-z-reabilitacziyi-ta-psyhologiv/
Intelligence warriors hone the skill of a knife battle
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/voyiny-rozvidnyky-vidtochuyut-majsternist-nozhovogo-boyu/
By defending Ukrainian business, we protect the interests of defense - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/zahyshhayuchy-ukrayinskyj-biznes-my-zahyshhayemo-interesy-oborony-oleksij-reznikov/
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Huta-Studenetska of Chern...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5347
In Ukraine allowed not to go to driving school to make a "theory" on driving license
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735495-v-ukraini-dozvolili-ne-hoditi-v-avtoskolu-sob-sklasti-teoriu-na-vodijski-prava.html
In the US, investigations against the Chatgpt developer - media were launched
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3735493-u-ssa-rozpocali-rozsliduvanna-proti-rozrobnika-chatgpt-zmi.html
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Fyholivka, Novomlynsk, Dvorichna, Zapadne, Kupyans...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5348
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Serebryansky forest, Bilohorivka of Luhansk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5349
"Dnipro-1" defeated the "Movement" in a control match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735491-dnipro1-rozgromiv-ruh-u-kontrolnomu-matci.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Kerramik, Berdyshi, Avdiivka, Yusnobrodivka Ande
https://t.me/lumsrc/5351
Svitolina was unable to break into the Wimbledon-2023 finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735431-svitolina-ne-zmogla-probitisa-u-final-vimbldona2023.html
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Marinka, St. George, Maximilanivka, Victory, and ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5352
The court in the Russian Federation arrested the suspect in the murder
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735563-sud-u-rf-arestuvav-pidozruvanogo-u-vbivstvi-ekskomandira-pidvodnogo-covna-krasnodar.html
At Shakhtarsk direction Russian army shelled Novomykhailivka, Vuhledar, Novoukrainka, Prech...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5353
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Levadne, Olhivske, Malynivka, Yeh...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5354
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5355
Rudenko will fight with American Anderson
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735560-rudenko-provede-bij-z-amerikancem-andersonom.html
The enemy fired the Dudchan in Kherson region, there is a wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735559-vorog-obstrilav-dudcani-na-hersonsini-e-poranenij.html
No experiments on the replacement of dubs can be subtitles - flint
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3735557-zodnih-eksperimentiv-sodo-zamini-dublazu-subtitrami-buti-ne-moze-kremin.html
Zelensky held a meeting following NATO summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735558-zelenskij-proviv-naradu-za-pidsumkami-samitu-nato.html
Ukraine will require international assistance with energy equipment in winter - Ministry of Energy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735547-ukraina-vzimku-potrebuvatime-miznarodnoi-dopomogi-iz-energeticnim-obladnannam-minenergo.html
Pulishich became Milan player
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735549-pulisic-stav-gravcem-milana.html
A drone has dropped explosive device at plant, producing meals for Russian army in Starodub o...
https://t.me/rusbrief/135751
20 drones and 2 missiles were shot down by Ukrainian air defense overnight
https://t.me/UkraineNow/36002
Ukrainian defence forces have partial success at Novodanylivka - Shyroka Balka and Mala Tokma...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5346
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Alexander-Shultine, Dilivka, Friendship, North ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5350
EMERCOM: fire in Podilsky district in Kyiv, in which a man died, was not connected to the dro...
https://t.me/channel24_ua/96347
Iran said it “maintains a neutral position in the Ukrainian conflict. Claims regarding Iran's...
https://twitter.com/AbasAslani/status/1679418480460791808
Big column moving towards Moscow on M4 road, reportedly Wagner fighters moving from field cam...
https://t.me/bbbreaking/160504
1 person killed as result of shelling in Mykilske of Kherson region
https://twitter.com/kava2402/status/1679431756213018628
Explosions and fire were reported in the area of Topaz in Donetsk
https://twitter.com/hochu_dodomu/status/1679453816503033856
Russian army shelled Orikhiv town and several villages in Zaporizhzhia region, killing 1, wou...
https://t.me/babel/35537
CPD: a statement by a spokeswoman for the Russian Foreign Ministry that Western weapons kill Ukrainians are bold manipulation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/czpd-zayava-rechnyczi-rosijskogo-mzs-pro-te-shho-zahidna-zbroya-vbyvaye-ukrayincziv-ye-zuhvaloyu-manipulyacziyeyu/
The spokesman for the Tavriysk Defense Forces explained the importance of complex decisions for counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735571-recnik-sil-oboroni-tavrijskogo-napramku-poasniv-vazlivist-kompleksnih-risen-dla-kontrnastupu.html
Explosions were reported in Melitopol
https://t.me/channel24_ua/96381
"Putin has already lost the war," President Biden says of Ukraine. Biden tells reporters that...
https://twitter.com/margbrennan/status/1679504831789006850
Biden in Helsinki was asked about Russia’s war on Ukraine: “I don't think the war can go on f...
https://twitter.com/LucasFoxNews/status/1679505983809175554
Biden: I don’t think the war could go on for years. Says there are 2 reasons for that: 1. doe...
https://twitter.com/kylieatwood/status/1679505262665662465
President Biden says nobody can join NATO with an ongoing war
https://twitter.com/JacquiHeinrich/status/1679504658035884033
Lyudmila Kichenok: Tried to inspire people in Ukraine with her victory and performance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735579-ludmila-kicenok-namagalasa-nadihnuti-ludej-v-ukraini-svoeu-peremogou-ta-vistupom.html
Explosions were reported in Tokmak
https://t.me/UkraineNow/36026
The cross -country gur: “The propaganda of intimidation is underway#8230; I will come on vacation - I definitely won't go back "
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/perehoplennya-gur-propaganda-zapugyvanyya-yd%d1%91t-sejchas-ya-v-otpusk-pryedu-tochno-ne-poedu-obratno/
By the next NATO summit we have to work out everything that the President said in Vilnius - the President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735578-do-nastupnogo-samitu-nato-maemo-opracuvati-vse-pro-so-govorili-u-vilnusi-prezident.html
The Seven Group and the European Union were sentenced to the DPRK for launching a ballistic missile
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735581-grupa-semi-ta-evrosouz-zasudili-kndr-za-zapusk-balisticnoi-raketi.html
There are heavy fights in 5 directions: over a day over 35 combat clashes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/na-5-napryamkazh-tryvayut-vazhki-boyi-protyagom-doby-ponad-35-bojovyh-zitknen/
Air Force warn of rocket danger in a number of areas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735584-povitrani-sili-poperedzaut-pro-raketnu-nebezpeku-v-nizci-oblastej.html
The motion of the annular road by the end of July will be restricted by repair
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3735583-ruh-kilcevou-dorogou-do-kinca-lipna-obmezat-cerez-remont.html
Kiev received from Austria a batch of tactical first aid kits for the military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3735396-kiiv-otrimav-vid-avstrii-partiu-takticnih-aptecok-dla-vijskovih.html
The use of cannabis -based medicines will be tightly controlled - the Ministry of Health
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735399-zastosuvanna-likiv-na-osnovi-kanabisu-zorstko-kontroluvatimut-moz.html
Our artillery during the day struck the enemy management point, 16 art positions, 4 SPRs and 2 stations of the REB
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/nasha-artyleriya-protyagom-doby-urazyla-vorozhyj-punkt-upravlinnya-16-artpozyczij-4-zrk-ta-2-stancziyi-reb/
In Germany, eco -activists paralyzed the work of two airports
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735402-u-nimeccini-ekoaktivisti-paralizuvali-robotu-dvoh-aeroportiv.html
Guterres proposes Putin to continue the Grain Agreement in exchange for access to the SWIFT Bank of the Russian Federation - Reuters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735404-guterres-proponue-putinu-prodovziti-zernovu-ugodu-v-obmin-na-dostup-do-swift-banku-rf-reuters.html
Ukraine enters the summer peak of electricity consumption - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735405-ukraina-vhodit-u-litnij-pik-spozivanna-elektroenergii-ekspert.html
Among NATO countries there was a lot of resistance to the prospects for Ukraine - Herbst
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735407-sered-krain-nato-isnuvav-velikij-opir-sodo-perspektiv-dla-ukraini-gerbst.html
To buy nuclear reactors in Bulgaria will have to sign an agreement with Russia - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735408-dla-kupivli-adernih-reaktoriv-u-bolgarii-treba-bude-pidpisati-ugodu-z-rosieu-ekspert.html
In Donetsk there was an explosion in the area of the Defense Plant - the Center for Resistance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735409-u-donecku-stavsa-vibuh-u-rajoni-oboronnogo-zavodu-centr-sprotivu.html
NATO had to send the Kremlin signal that he won't get Ukraine - Lithuanian Expremier
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735410-nato-malo-nadislati-signal-kremlu-so-vin-ne-otrimae-ukrainu-ekspremer-litvi.html
Japan is taking the pre -Olympic World Water Sports Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735411-aponia-prijmae-peredolimpijskij-cempionat-svitu-z-vodnih-vidiv-sportu.html
Women will be able to determine the beginning of maternity leave themselves - the Council approved the law
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735412-zinki-zmozut-sami-viznacati-pocatok-dekretnoi-vidpustki-rada-uhvalila-zakon.html
Only 20% of the necessary transformers - expert can be installed before the heating season.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735414-do-opaluvalnogo-sezonu-ukraina-moze-vstanoviti-lise-20-neobhidnih-transformatoriv-ekspert.html
The leaders of Northern Europe have pledged to support Ukraine and its army
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735415-lideri-krain-pivnicnoi-evropi-zobovazalisa-pidtrimuvati-ukrainu-ta-ii-armiu.html
The Square of Vernadsky and the Square of Zaporizhzhya Sagittarius appeared in Zaporozhye
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3735419-u-zaporizzi-zavilas-plosa-vernadskogo-i-skver-zaporizkih-strilciv.html
The Council plans to introduce electronic agrarian receipts in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735420-rada-planue-zaprovaditi-v-ukraini-elektronni-agrarni-rozpiski.html
The main wave of emigration of Ukrainians because of the war with Russia has already taken place - experts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735428-osnovna-hvila-emigracii-ukrainciv-cerez-vijnu-z-rosieu-vze-vidbulasa-eksperti.html
Hyundai introduced a powerful sports electric car
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3735422-hyundai-predstaviv-potuznij-sportivnij-elektrokar.html
The Ambassador and the BP delegation met with Ukrainians in the Canadian province of Alberta
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3735304-posol-i-delegacia-vr-zustrilisa-z-ukraincami-u-kanadskij-provincii-alberta.html
The invaders took out almost three hundred children from the occupied Luhansk region to Kalmykia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735424-zagarbniki-vivezli-majze-trista-ditej-z-okupovanoi-lugansini-v-kalmikiu.html
A trident of Metinvest's steel will be installed on the monument "Motherland" monument
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735429-na-siti-monumenta-batkivsinamati-vstanovlat-trizub-zi-stali-metinvestu.html
Ukraine will be covered with rains and thunderstorms tomorrow, sometimes predicted hail
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3735348-ukrainu-zavtra-nakriut-dosi-ta-grozi-podekudi-prognozuut-grad.html
Letterman's interview with Zelensky was nominated for Emmy Award
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3735430-intervu-lettermana-z-zelenskim-nominuvali-na-premiu-emmi.html
NAPC site is temporarily unavailable for technical reasons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735434-sajt-nazk-timcasovo-nedostupnij-z-tehnicnih-pricin.html
93 private homes will be rebuilt in Kyiv region from scratch
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3735435-na-kiivsini-z-nula-vidbuduut-93-privatni-budinki.html
Poland and Korea signed the cooperation agreement in Ukraine's reconstruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3735436-polsa-i-korea-pidpisali-ugodu-pro-spivpracu-u-vidbudovi-ukraini.html
Biden said that in just three seconds he agreed to Finland's membership in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735439-bajden-rozpoviv-so-vsogo-za-tri-sekundi-pogodivsa-na-clenstvo-finlandii-v-nato.html
In Kiev, through the heat, restrictions on the traffic of trucks were introduced
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3735441-u-kievi-cerez-speku-vveli-obmezenna-na-ruh-vantazivok.html
Linquyvichus - Laurel: We are tired of explaining that Russia is not needed by anyone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735442-linkavicus-lavrovu-nam-nabridlo-poasnuvati-so-rosia-nikomu-ne-potribna.html
The murder of MP Polyakov: The Council approved the TSC report
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735443-vbivstvo-deputata-polakova-rada-uhvalila-postanovu-pro-zvit-tsk.html
IOC will not invite Russia and Belarus to the Paris Olympics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735447-mok-ne-zaprosuvatime-rosiu-ta-bilorus-na-olimpiadu-u-parizi.html
Gepard and ammunition: Germany has handed over a new military aid party to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735448-sau-gepard-ta-boepripasi-nimeccina-peredala-ukraini-novu-partiu-vijskovoi-dopomogi.html
Rivne BC has applied for participation in the basketball Super League of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735449-bk-rivne-podav-zaavku-na-ucast-u-basketbolnij-superlizi-ukraini.html
Due to the ruin of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, more than 11 thousand tons of fish were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735454-cerez-pidriv-rosianami-kahovskoi-ges-zaginulo-ponad-11-tisac-tonn-ribi.html
The European Parliament has approved the Am trick Production Act for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735451-evroparlament-shvaliv-akt-pro-virobnictvo-boepripasiv-dla-ukraini.html
The Russian army fired at Sumy region border, a man was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735457-armia-rf-obstrilala-prikordonna-sumsini-zaginuv-colovik.html
The Council has terminated the Agreement between Ukraine and the Russian Federation on joint border control
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735460-rada-pripinila-diu-ugodi-miz-ukrainou-ta-rf-pro-spilnij-kontrol-na-kordoni.html
Putin postponed the decision to go to the Brix Summit through the campaign of Wagneriv - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735461-putin-vidklav-risenna-pro-poizdku-na-samit-briks-cerez-pohid-vagnerivciv-zmi.html
On Cyprus spent the evening of Ukrainian spiritual music
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3735462-na-kipri-proveli-vecir-ukrainskoi-duhovnoi-muziki.html
Russian troops in Belarus diminished - border guards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735463-rosijskih-vijsk-u-bilorusi-pomensalo-prikordonniki.html
This year Ukraine has received a rapid recovery of $ 3.87 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3735464-cogoric-ukraina-otrimala-na-svidke-vidnovlenna-387-milarda.html
Accepted in the Black Sea Fleet of the Russian Federation "Cyclone" did not pass state trials
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/pryjnyatyj-do-skladu-chornomorskogo-flotu-rf-czyklon-ne-prohodyv-derzhavnyh-vyprobuvan/
The Kyiv Pectoral Theater Prize has doubled
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3735468-teatralnu-premiu-kiivska-pektoral-zbilsili-udvici.html
Drone attack on Kiev: in the high -rise building of Darnytskyi district dismantled structures
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3735469-ataka-droniv-na-kiiv-u-bagatopoverhivci-darnickogo-rajonu-rozibrali-konstrukcii.html
The enemy wants to capture Marinka - the Russians continue the assaults, in the east there are fierce battles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735471-vorog-hoce-zahopiti-marinku-rosiani-prodovzuut-sturmi-na-shodi-jdut-zapekli-boi.html
There was a fight in the Kosovo Parliament, and the premiere was also attacked
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735472-u-parlamenti-kosova-stalasa-bijka-napali-j-na-premera.html
Military assistance to Ukraine has a positive effect on the economies of partner countries-lush
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735474-vijskova-dopomoga-ukraini-pozitivno-vplivae-na-ekonomiki-krainpartneriv-pisnij.html
As a result of a blow to Tokmak, the occupation commandant - Fedorov was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735473-vnaslidok-udaru-po-tokmaku-zaginuv-okupacijnij-komendant-fedorov.html
US and Northern European countries condemned Russia's aggressive war against Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735476-ssa-ta-kraini-pivnicnoi-evropi-zasudili-agresivnu-vijnu-rosii-proti-ukraini.html
The IMF stressed the importance of restoring declarations for officials in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735477-mvf-nagolosiv-na-vazlivosti-vidnovlenna-v-ukraini-deklaracij-dla-cinovnikiv.html
The SBU reported a new suspicion of Metropolitan of UOC MP Paul
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735480-sbu-povidomila-pro-novu-pidozru-mitropolitu-upc-mp-pavlu.html
Ready first group of pilots to go abroad - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735479-gotova-persa-grupa-lotcikiv-aki-virusat-na-navcanna-za-kordon-ignat.html
Germany called Beijing to a clear position on Ukraine and warned against the transfer of weapons of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735481-nimeccina-zaklikala-pekin-do-citkoi-pozicii-sodo-ukraini-ta-zasteregla-vid-peredaci-zbroi-rf.html
The case was opened in Poltava through pollution of the Psel River
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3735482-na-poltavsini-vidkrili-spravu-cerez-zabrudnenna-ricki-psel.html
Sachko went out to the 1/4 finals of ATP tournament in Romania
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735484-sacko-vijsov-do-14-finalu-turniru-atp-u-rumunii.html
Until Ukraine becomes a member of NATO, the Allies will guarantee her safety - Biden
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735485-poki-ukraina-ne-stane-clenom-nato-souzniki-garantuvatimut-ij-bezpeku-bajden.html
In Kiev forbidden to turn Russian -speaking songs in public places
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3735487-u-kievi-zaboronili-vmikati-rosijskomovni-pisni-u-publicnih-miscah.html
Wounded during exercises will receive the status of persons with disabilities as a result of war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735489-poraneni-pid-cas-navcan-vijskovi-otrimaut-status-osib-z-invalidnistu-vnaslidok-vijni.html
The Council supported the creation of the State Register of Sanctions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735490-rada-pidtrimala-stvorenna-derzavnogo-reestru-sankcij.html
"Dnipro-1" defeated the "Movement" in a control match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735491-dnipro1-rozgromiv-ruh-u-kontrolnomu-matci.html
In the US, investigations against the Chatgpt developer - media were launched
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3735493-u-ssa-rozpocali-rozsliduvanna-proti-rozrobnika-chatgpt-zmi.html
In Ukraine allowed not to go to driving school to make a "theory" on driving license
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735495-v-ukraini-dozvolili-ne-hoditi-v-avtoskolu-sob-sklasti-teoriu-na-vodijski-prava.html
Crimean political prisoner Mustafayev in the prison of the Russian Federation began to suffer from heart pain - human rights defenders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3735496-krimskij-politvazen-mustafaev-u-turmi-rf-pocav-strazdati-na-bil-u-serci-pravozahisniki.html
Russia will not be able to wage war for years, Putin has lost it - Biden
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735498-rosia-ne-zmoze-vesti-vijnu-rokami-putin-uze-ii-prograv-bajden.html
The Flag with the anniversary of Zaluzhny sold for a quarter of a million hryvnias
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735500-prapor-z-uvileu-zaluznogo-prodali-za-cvert-miljona-griven.html
The hostile army fired at the enterprise near Zaporozhye, a fire broke out
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735503-voroza-armia-dvici-obstrilala-pidpriemstvo-bila-zaporizza-spalahnula-pozeza.html
The Council unlocked the signing of the law on the return of pre -war taxes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735506-rada-rozblokuvala-pidpisanna-zakonu-pro-povernenna-dovoennih-podatkiv.html
France has approved a record defense budget that includes assistance to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735507-u-francii-shvalili-rekordnij-oboronnij-budzet-akij-vklucae-dopomogu-ukraini.html
Two more children were returned to Ukraine from a temporarily captured territory
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735508-v-ukrainu-povernuli-se-dvoh-ditej-z-timcasovo-zahoplenoi-teritorii.html
Determined the second finalist of the Wimbledon tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735509-viznacilasa-druga-finalistka-vimbldonskogo-turniru.html
In five directions there are heavy battles - about 20 clashes per day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735510-na-pati-napramkah-tocatsa-vazki-boi-blizko-20-zitknen-za-dobu.html
Naftogaz completes Eurobonds restructuring
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735511-naftogaz-zaversue-restrukturizaciu-evroobligacij.html
Border Guards destroyed a group of invaders on a march near Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735512-prikordonniki-znisili-grupu-zagarbnikiv-na-marsi-bila-bahmuta.html
Biden advises Prigogine to beware of poisoning
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735514-bajden-radit-prigozinu-osterigatisa-otruenna.html
The Council adopted in the first reading the bill on telemedicine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735516-rada-uhvalila-u-persomu-citanni-zakonoproekt-pro-telemedicinu.html
Sergey Wind headed Lithuanian "Kaunas"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735517-sergij-viter-ocoliv-litovskij-kaunas.html
Already received by Ukraine cassette ammunition will definitely change the situation at the front - military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735565-vze-otrimani-ukrainou-kasetni-boepripasi-odnoznacno-zminat-situaciu-na-fronti-vijskovi.html
In the Black Sea three carriers of winged missiles, a total volley - 20 "calibers"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/u-chornomu-mori-try-nosiyi-krylatyh-raket-sumarnyj-zalp-20-kalibriv/
USAID POSTAGE ENERGY SECURITY DOing an Essay Contest for Youth
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735519-usaid-proekt-energeticnoi-bezpeki-ogolosiv-konkurs-ese-dla-molodi.html
Bagrian instead of Pushkin: 14 parks, streets and squares were renamed in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3735523-bagranij-zamist-puskina-u-kievi-perejmenuvali-14-parkiv-vulic-i-skveriv.html
To fight in Ukraine are sent in prisoners from Buryatia - the interception of GUR
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735524-vouvati-v-ukraini-vidpravlaut-uvaznenih-iz-buratii-perehoplenna-gur.html
The Equilization Program has already paid almost UAH 150 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3735527-za-programou-evidnovlenna-uze-viplatili-majze-150-miljoniv-griven.html
The EU plans to build a European track in Lviv and Chisinau
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735528-es-planue-pobuduvati-evropejsku-koliu-do-lvova-ta-kisineva.html
Mitrofanov will fight in Usik-Duba undercardcard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735531-mitrofanov-provede-bij-v-anderkardi-usikdubua.html
US Secret Service did not establish who brought a bag of cocaine to the White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735532-sekretna-sluzba-ssa-ne-vstanovila-hto-prinis-u-bilij-dim-misecok-z-kokainom.html
Shakhtar lost Aku in a control match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735533-sahtar-prograv-aeku-u-kontrolnomu-matci.html
In Slavutich, a nuclear scientific hub will be built
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735534-u-slavutici-zbuduut-adernij-naukovij-hab.html
Zelensky discussed with President South Africa preparation for the Global Peace Summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735536-zelenskij-obgovoriv-iz-prezidentom-par-pidgotovku-do-globalnogo-samitu-miru.html
SCO fighters destroyed the boat with the invaders on the Dnieper Island
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735537-bijci-sso-znisili-coven-iz-zagarbnikami-na-dniprovskomu-ostrovi.html
In Kozina a country complex burned
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3735542-u-kozini-goriv-zamiskij-kompleks.html
In Crimea, after de -occupation, they plan to grow medical cannabis - Tashev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3735545-u-krimu-pisla-deokupacii-planuut-virosuvati-medicnij-kanabis-taseva.html
Pulishich became Milan player
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735549-pulisic-stav-gravcem-milana.html
Ukraine will require international assistance with energy equipment in winter - Ministry of Energy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735547-ukraina-vzimku-potrebuvatime-miznarodnoi-dopomogi-iz-energeticnim-obladnannam-minenergo.html
Zelensky held a meeting following NATO summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735558-zelenskij-proviv-naradu-za-pidsumkami-samitu-nato.html
No experiments on the replacement of dubs can be subtitles - flint
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3735557-zodnih-eksperimentiv-sodo-zamini-dublazu-subtitrami-buti-ne-moze-kremin.html
The enemy fired the Dudchan in Kherson region, there is a wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735559-vorog-obstrilav-dudcani-na-hersonsini-e-poranenij.html
Rudenko will fight with American Anderson
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735560-rudenko-provede-bij-z-amerikancem-andersonom.html
The court in the Russian Federation arrested the suspect in the murder
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735563-sud-u-rf-arestuvav-pidozruvanogo-u-vbivstvi-ekskomandira-pidvodnogo-covna-krasnodar.html
At night the air defense forces destroyed 20 shahd and 2 "calibers"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/vnochi-syly-ppo-znyshhyly-20-shahed-ta-2-kalibry/
Already received by Ukraine cassette ammunition will definitely change the situation at the front - military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735565-vze-otrimani-ukrainou-kasetni-boepripasi-odnoznacno-zminat-situaciu-na-fronti-vijskovi.html
Biden will discuss with the President of Israel the threat of interaction of Russia and Iran
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735556-bajden-obgovorit-iz-prezidentom-izrailu-zagrozi-vzaemodii-rosii-ta-iranu.html
Lyudmila Kichenok - Wimbledon Champion in Mix
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735568-ludmila-kicenok-cempionka-vimbldonu.html
The enemy continues to attack in four directions, heavy fights continue - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735569-vorog-prodovzue-atakuvati-na-cotiroh-napramkah-trivaut-vazki-boi-malar.html
If Ukraine was all helped like Britain, we would have a different situation - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735572-akbi-ukraini-vsi-dopomagali-ak-britania-u-nas-bula-b-inaksa-situacia-danilov.html
President - about security guarantees for Ukraine: six states have joined the G7
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735574-prezident-pro-garantii-bezpeki-dla-ukraini-do-krain-g7-dolucilisa-vze-sist-derzav.html
There are about 500 Russian soldiers and workers of "Rosatom" - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735566-na-zaes-perebuvaut-blizko-500-rosijskih-vijskovih-ta-pracivnikiv-rosatomu-ova.html
Zelensky held a meeting with the SBU chairman and intelligence executives
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735576-prezident-proviv-naradu-z-golovou-sbu-ta-kerivnikami-rozvidki.html
The spokesman for the Tavriysk Defense Forces explained the importance of complex decisions for counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735571-recnik-sil-oboroni-tavrijskogo-napramku-poasniv-vazlivist-kompleksnih-risen-dla-kontrnastupu.html
Lyudmila Kichenok: Tried to inspire people in Ukraine with her victory and performance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735579-ludmila-kicenok-namagalasa-nadihnuti-ludej-v-ukraini-svoeu-peremogou-ta-vistupom.html
By the next NATO summit we have to work out everything that the President said in Vilnius - the President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735578-do-nastupnogo-samitu-nato-maemo-opracuvati-vse-pro-so-govorili-u-vilnusi-prezident.html
The Seven Group and the European Union were sentenced to the DPRK for launching a ballistic missile
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735581-grupa-semi-ta-evrosouz-zasudili-kndr-za-zapusk-balisticnoi-raketi.html
Air Force warn of rocket danger in a number of areas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735584-povitrani-sili-poperedzaut-pro-raketnu-nebezpeku-v-nizci-oblastej.html
The motion of the annular road by the end of July will be restricted by repair
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3735583-ruh-kilcevou-dorogou-do-kinca-lipna-obmezat-cerez-remont.html
Україну завтра накриють дощі та грози, подекуди прогнозують град
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3735348-ukrainu-zavtra-nakriut-dosi-ta-grozi-podekudi-prognozuut-grad.html
Representatives of the Ministry of Defense met with an attaché on defense at the Embassy of Canada in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/predstavnyky-minoborony-zustrilysya-z-atashe-z-pytan-oborony-pry-posolstvi-kanady-v-ukrayini/
Ukraine's defense forces sent to hell more than 500 invaders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/syly-oborony-ukrayiny-vidpravyly-do-pekla-shhe-ponad-500-okupantiv/
Bridget Brinka responded to another attack in Ukraine by Rosarmia drones
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/bridzhyt-brink-vidreaguvala-na-chergovu-ataku-po-ukrayini-bezpilotnykamy-rosarmiyi/
Biden will discuss with the President of Israel the threat of interaction of Russia and Iran
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735556-bajden-obgovorit-iz-prezidentom-izrailu-zagrozi-vzaemodii-rosii-ta-iranu.html
Alexei Reznikov: I am amazed at how Ukraine is supported by our Lithuanian siblings
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/oleksij-rezinkov-ya-vrazhenyj-tym-yak-ukrayinu-pidtrymuyut-nashi-lytovski-braty-i-sestry/
Britain has prepared 19,000 Ukrainian military, the preparation of pilots will begin soon
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/brytaniya-vzhe-pidgotuvala-19-000-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-nezabarom-rozpochnetsya-pidgotovka-pilotiv/
Ukrainian pyrotechnics have already neutralized over 400,000 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/ukrayinski-pirotehniky-vzhe-zneshkodyly-ponad-400-tysyach-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
Nearly 50 explosions per day: the invaders continue to fire the border of Chernihiv and Sumy regions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/majzhe-50-vybuhiv-za-dobu-zagarbnyky-prodovzhuyut-obstrilyuvaty-prykordonnya-chernigivskoyi-ta-sumskoyi-oblastej/
У Military Media Center відбулася дискусійна панель на тему «Підсумки та оцінки Вільнюського саміту НАТО»
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/u-military-media-center-vidbulasya-dyskusijna-panel-na-temu-pidsumky-ta-oczinky-vilnyuskogo-samitu-nato/
Lyudmila Kichenok - Wimbledon Champion in Mix
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735568-ludmila-kicenok-cempionka-vimbldonu.html
Lithuania provides medical assistance to 170 wounded Ukrainian defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/lytva-nadaye-medychnu-dopomogu-170-poranenym-ukrayinskym-zahysnykam/
Ambassador of Britain responded to the night attack of Kyiv UAV of the Russian Federation: thank you
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/posol-brytaniyi-vidreaguvala-na-nichnu-ataku-kyyeva-bpla-rf-dyakuyu-ppo-ukrayiny/
On July 14, there will be a briefing on the topic: "Grant to study for children of fallen soldiers, servicemen and IDPs"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/14-lypnya-vidbudetsya-bryfing-na-temu-granty-na-navchannya-dlya-ditej-zagyblyh-voyiniv-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-i-vpo/
Russian auto parts were transferred to the needs of defense forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/na-potreby-syl-oborony-peredano-nelegalno-vvezeni-v-ukrayinu-rosijski-avtozapchastyny/
Ukraine will become a member of NATO - the main summary of the Vilnius Summit of the North Atlantic Alliance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/ukrayina-stane-chlenom-nato-golovnyj-pidsumok-vilnyuskogo-samitu-pivnichnoatlantychnogo-alyansu/
For the first time in independence, we have formed the foundation of safety for Ukraine on the way to NATO - President Vladimir Zelensky's appeal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/upershe-za-chas-nezalezhnosti-my-sformuvaly-fundament-bezpeky-dlya-ukrayiny-na-shlyahu-do-nato-zvernennya-prezydenta-volodymyra-zelenskogo/
The enemy continues to attack in four directions, heavy fights continue - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735569-vorog-prodovzue-atakuvati-na-cotiroh-napramkah-trivaut-vazki-boi-malar.html
The Prosecutor General's Office documented almost 115,000 crimes against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/ofis-generalnogo-prokurora-zadokumentuvav-majzhe-115-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-ukrayiny/
Veterans are recruiting in Ukraine: how to take part
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/v-ukrayini-nabyrayut-pomichnykiv-veteraniv-yak-vzyaty-uchast/
The Military Media Center has a round table on the topic: "Why Russia is bypassing international sanctions"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/u-military-media-center-vidbuvsya-kruglyj-stil-na-temu-chomu-rosiya-obhodyt-mizhnarodni-sankcziyi/
Снайпери ССО показали влучну роботу на великі відстані
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/snajpery-sso-pokazaly-vluchnu-robotu-na-velyki-vidstani/
In the Black Sea, there are three rocket carriers of "caliber" on combat duty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/u-chornomu-mori-na-bojovomu-cherguvanni-znahodyatsya-try-raketonosiyi-kalibriv/
Separate structural units on veterans policy will be formed in the state administrations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/u-derzhadministracziyah-budut-utvoreni-okremi-strukturni-pidrozdily-z-pytan-veteranskoyi-polityky/
New proposals for sectoral sanctions in the defense-industrial sphere of the Russian Federation-Alexander Remryak
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/gotuyutsya-novi-propozycziyi-shhodo-sektoralnyh-sankczij-v-oboronno-promyslovij-sferi-rf-oleksandr-reminyaka/
At night, the enemy made a combined attack with drones and missiles to the south of Ukraine. Our air defense worked powerfully - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/unochi-vorog-zdijsnyv-kombinovanu-ataku-dronamy-i-raketamy-na-pivden-ukrayiny-nasha-ppo-spraczyuvala-potuzhno-nataliya-gumenyuk/
"The Declaration of the Greater Seven States in support of Ukraine is the main positive of NATO summit in Vilnius" - expert
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/deklaracziya-derzhav-velykoyi-simky-na-pidtrymku-ukrayiny-golovnyj-pozytyv-samitu-nato-u-vilnyusi-ekspert/
Ukrainian Marines showed how they destroyed the enemy Buk-M2 SPR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/ukrayinski-morpihy-pokazaly-yak-znyshhyly-vorozhyj-zrk-buk-m2/
If Ukraine was all helped like Britain, we would have a different situation - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735572-akbi-ukraini-vsi-dopomagali-ak-britania-u-nas-bula-b-inaksa-situacia-danilov.html
Long -lasting security assistance commitments to Ukraine - the main achievement of NATO summit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/dovgotryvali-zobovyazannya-shhodo-bezpekovoyi-dopomogy-ukrayini-golovnyj-zdobutok-samitu-nato/
Yuri Ignat reported the details of the night attack of the Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/pid-chas-nichnoyi-ataky-rosiyan-nashi-syly-ppo-zbyly-20-shahediv-ta-2-krylati-rakety-kalibr-yurij-ignat/
Ukraine's support for "Great Seven" is more profitable than immediate NATO - media expert membership
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/pidtrymka-ukrayiny-velykoyu-simkoyu-vygidnisha-za-negajne-chlenstvo-v-nato-mediaekspert/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
At the Training Center of the TRU Command, a course of advanced training of platoon commanders took place
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/u-navchalnomu-czentri-komanduvannya-syl-tro-zsu-vidbuvsya-vypusk-kursu-pidvyshhennya-kvalifikacziyi-komandyriv-vzvodiv/
On July 14, a briefing on the topic: "Participation of the National Guard in the Removal of Armed Aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/14-lypnya-vidbudetsya-bryfing-na-temu-uchast-naczgvardiyi-u-vidsichi-zbrojnoyi-agresiyi-rf-proty-ukrayiny/
The Russians dropped a fugas bomb on the island of snake
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/rosiyany-skynuly-fugasnu-bombu-na-ostriv-zmiyinyj/
"Evil fighters": UkrPoshta releases a new brand with F-16 aircraft
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/vynyshhuvachi-zla-ukrposhta-vypuskaye-novu-marku-iz-litakamy-f-16/
За рік повернуто тіла 19 захисників, які померли в полоні
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/za-rik-povernuto-tila-19-zahysnykiv-yaki-pomerly-v-poloni/
Under Bakhmut we take the dominant heights, in other areas we reflect the attempts of the enemy to storm our positions - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/pid-bahmutom-zajmayemo-panivni-vysoty-na-inshyh-dilyankah-vidbyvayemo-sproby-voroga-shturmuvaty-nashi-pozycziyi-sergij-cherevatyj/
13 machines of mechanized demining are helping to exchang the de -checked territories of Ukraine, - Sergey Kruk -
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/rozminovuvaty-deokupovani-terytoriyi-ukrayiny-dopomagayut-13-mashyn-mehanizovanogo-rozminuvannya-sergij-kruk/
President - about security guarantees for Ukraine: six states have joined the G7
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735574-prezident-pro-garantii-bezpeki-dla-ukraini-do-krain-g7-dolucilisa-vze-sist-derzav.html
Anna Malyar: Russia is establishing exports of agricultural products stolen in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/ganna-malyar-rosiya-nalagodzhuye-eksport-vkradenoyi-v-ukrayini-silskogospodarskoyi-produkcziyi/
Sergey Cherevaty: The experience of combat clashes with Kadyrovtsi confirmed that they were not warriors but gendarmes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/sergij-cherevatyj-dosvid-bojovyh-zitknen-iz-kadyrovczyamy-pidtverdyv-shho-cze-ne-voyiny-a-zhandarmy/
Ukraine should behave as if it were already a NATO member - an expert
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/ukrayini-slid-povodyty-sebe-tak-niby-vona-vzhe-ye-chlenom-nato-ekspert/
More than half a hundred pickups for shock mouths from the Drone Army sent to the front
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/ponad-piv-sotni-pikapiv-dlya-udarnyh-rot-vid-armiyi-droniv-vidpravleno-na-front/
Joe Biden: Ukrainians inspired the world with their courage. US affection will not shake
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/dzho-bajden-ukrayinczi-nadyhnuly-svit-svoyeyu-muzhnistyu-pryhylnist-ssha-ne-pohytnetsya/
France - about transfer to Ukraine missiles scalp: blows with these missiles will succeed in counter -offensive
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/francziya-pro-peredachu-ukrayini-raket-scalp-udary-czymy-raketamy-dozvolyat-dosyagty-uspihu-v-kontrnastupi/
On the Motherland Motherland Shield in Kiev with ’ Emblem of Ukraine will appear
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/na-shhyti-batkivshhyny-materi-v-kyyevi-zyavytsya-gerb-ukrayiny/
У Вільнюсі Альянс дав Україні чіткі сигнали щодо перспектив членства в НАТО
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/u-vilnyusi-alyans-dav-chitki-sygnaly-ukrayini-shhodo-perspektyv-chlenstva-v-nato/
Ukraine will receive over € 1.5 billion military assistance from international partners - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/ukrayina-otrymaye-ponad-e15-milyarda-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-vid-mizhnarodnyh-partneriv-oleksij-reznikov/
The Russians attacked 122 settlements in 12 regions of Ukraine during the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/rosiyany-protyagom-doby-atakuvaly-122-naselenyh-punkty-u-12-oblastyah-ukrayiny/
There are about 500 Russian soldiers and workers of "Rosatom" - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735566-na-zaes-perebuvaut-blizko-500-rosijskih-vijskovih-ta-pracivnikiv-rosatomu-ova.html
For calls to the genocide of Ukrainians and encroachment on territorial integrity, the apologist of the "Russian measure" was convicted
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/za-zaklyky-do-genoczydu-ukrayincziv-ta-zazihannya-na-terytorialnu-czilisnist-zasudzheno-apologeta-ruskogo-mira/
It was reported suspicion to the administrator of the TG-channel who became the FSB agent and corrected rocket strikes of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-administratoru-tg-kanalu-yakyj-stav-agentom-fsb-ta-koryguvav-raketni-udary-rf/
The prospect of teaching our pilots in the West will be long -term - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/perspektyva-navchannya-nashyh-lotchykiv-na-zahodi-bude-dovgostrokovoyu-yurij-ignat/
The Armed Forces proved that Ukraine is ready for NATO membership - expert
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/zsu-dovely-shho-ukrayina-gotova-do-chlenstva-v-nato-ekspertka/
Генштаб показав, як триває бойове чергування у наших морпіхів
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/genshtab-pokazav-yak-tryvaye-bojove-cherguvannya-u-nashyh-morpihiv/
Canada has taught over 36,000 Ukrainian military since 2015
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/kanada-z-2015-roku-navchyla-ponad-36-000-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/
Up to 15 years in prison was sentenced by an FSB employee who created an agent network in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/do-15-rokiv-tyurmy-zasudzheno-spivrobitnyka-fsb-yakyj-stvoryv-agenturnu-merezhu-v-ukrayini/
The Netherlands will join the Declaration of the Great Seven countries to support Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/niderlandy-pryyednayutsya-do-deklaracziyi-krayin-velykoyi-simky-shhodo-pidtrymky-ukrayiny/
An element of Russia's detouring sanctions in the purchase of weapons components can be extension
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/elementom-protydiyi-obhodu-rosiyeyu-sankczij-u-zakupivli-komplektuyuchyh-dlya-zbroyi-mozhe-staty-podovzhennya-lanczyugiv-postavok/
Sweden will accelerate the supply of weapons to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/shvecziya-pryshvydshyt-postachannya-ozbroyennya-v-ukrayinu/
A resident of Dobropillya received 7 years imprisonment for the transfer of information about the places of dislocation of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/zhytelka-dobropillya-otrymala-7-rokiv-pozbavlennya-voli-za-peredachu-informacziyi-pro-misczya-dyslokacziyi-zsu/
In the Genichesky district, the occupiers are evicted to the Russian Federation of Ukrainians who abandoned Russian citizenship
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/u-genicheskomu-rajoni-okupanty-vyselyayut-do-rf-ukrayincziv-yaki-vidmovylys-vid-rosijskogo-gromadyanstva/
It is necessary to use all the levers of influence on foreign manufacturers to minimize the supply to the Russian Federation for weapons - Alexander Zaruba
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/treba-vykorystovuvaty-vsi-vazheli-vplyvu-na-inozemnyh-vyrobnykiv-shhob-minimizuvaty-postachannya-v-rf-komplektuyuchyh-do-zbroyi-oleksandr-zaruba/
Natalia Humeniuk told about the activity of the enemy in the south
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/nataliya-gumenyuk-rozpovila-pro-aktyvnist-voroga-na-pivdni/
Defense forces struck 10 enemy artillery in fire positions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/syly-oborony-urazyly-10-artylerijskyh-zasobiv-voroga-na-vognevyh-pozycziyah/
We continue to create engineering barriers directly on the state border - Sergey Naev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/my-prodovzhuyemo-stvoryuvaty-inzhenerni-zagorodzhennya-bezposeredno-po-derzhavnomu-kordonu-sergij-nayev/
About 20 combat clashes took place in Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/na-donechchyni-vidbulos-blyzko-20-bojovyh-zitknen/
У Вільнюсі ми отримали хороші домовленості для України з усіма партнерами — Володимир Зеленський
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/u-vilnyusi-my-otrymaly-horoshi-domovlenosti-dlya-ukrayiny-z-usima-partneramy-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
The enemy tries to step on the Avdi and Marinsky directions - Valery Shershn
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/vorog-namagayetsya-nastupaty-na-avdiyivskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah-valerij-shershen/
Housing legislation should take into account the need for providing accessible housing for war veterans - Alexander Pryhun
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/u-zhytlovomu-zakonodavstvi-mayut-vrahovaty-potreby-u-zabezpechenni-dostupnym-zhytlom-veteraniv-vijny-oleksandr-porhun/
Northern European leaders have promised to support Ukraine as much as they need
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/lidery-krayin-pivnichnoyi-yevropy-poobiczyaly-pidtrymuvaty-ukrayinu-stilky-skilky-potribno/
Zelensky held a meeting with the SBU chairman and intelligence executives
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735576-prezident-proviv-naradu-z-golovou-sbu-ta-kerivnikami-rozvidki.html
UEFA Conference League. The results of the starting matches of the first qualifying round
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735592-liga-konferencij-uefa-rezultati-startovih-matciv-persogo-vidbirkovogo-raundu.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
The US has imposed sanctions against the Panama Expature through Corruption
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735591-ssa-zaprovadili-sankcii-proti-eksprezidenta-panami-cerez-korupciu.html
The Russians per day were fired at Sumy region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735582-rosiani-za-dobu-23-razi-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
Пентагон офіційно підтвердив, що касетні боєприпаси вже в Україні
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735589-pentagon-oficijno-pidtverdiv-so-kasetni-boepripasi-vze-v-ukraini.html
For Ukrainian enterprises, they simplified the bankruptcy procedure for the time of martial law
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735588-dla-ukrainskih-pidpriemstv-sprostili-proceduru-bankrutstva-na-cas-voennogo-stanu.html
For Ukrainian enterprises, they simplified the bankruptcy procedure for the time of martial law
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735588-dla-ukrainskih-pidpriemstv-sprostili-proceduru-bankrutstva-na-cas-voennogo-stanu.html
Пентагон офіційно підтвердив, що касетні боєприпаси вже в Україні
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735589-pentagon-oficijno-pidtverdiv-so-kasetni-boepripasi-vze-v-ukraini.html
The Russians per day were fired at Sumy region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735582-rosiani-za-dobu-23-razi-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
The US has imposed sanctions against the Panama Expature through Corruption
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735591-ssa-zaprovadili-sankcii-proti-eksprezidenta-panami-cerez-korupciu.html
Moldova reduces the tariff for transit of Ukrainian agricultural products in the direction of ports
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735580-moldova-znizue-tarif-na-tranzit-ukrainskoi-agroprodukcii-v-napramku-portiv.html
States allocate $ 100 million to a new food security program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735590-stati-vidilaut-100-miljoniv-na-novu-programu-prodovolcoi-bezpeki.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
Moldova reduces the tariff for transit of Ukrainian agricultural products in the direction of ports
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735580-moldova-znizue-tarif-na-tranzit-ukrainskoi-agroprodukcii-v-napramku-portiv.html
Land troops showed how our UAV operators work skillfully
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/suhoputni-vijska-pokazaly-yak-vpravno-praczyuyut-nashi-operatory-bpla/
The priority of Spain's presidency in the EU Council will be comprehensive support of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/priorytetom-golovuvannya-ispaniyi-v-radi-yes-stane-vsebichna-pidtrymka-ukrayiny/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====