乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-07-02

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Putnykove, Fyholivka, Dvorichna, Masutivka, Kupyan...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5237
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske, Dibrova, Ve...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5238
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasyukivka, Bogdanivka, Markovo, Ivanivske, Alexe ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5239
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Berdyshi, Lastochkine, Steppe, Thin, First ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5240
Artillery shelled Nikopol
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/55602
"Criminal Ramstein", or prospects for bringing to justice of military criminals of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/kryminalnyj-ramshtajn-abo-perspektyvy-prytyagnennya-do-vidpovidalnosti-voyennyh-zlochyncziv-rf/
During the day, the Russians fired 10 regions of Ukraine - erection of ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730401-za-dobu-rosiani-obstrilali-10-oblastej-ukraini-zvedenna-ova.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske, Dib...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5247
In the Russian Federation near the military airfield there was an explosion - social networks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730585-u-rf-stavsa-vibuh-bila-vijskovogo-aerodromu-z-akogo-zapuskaut-sahedi-po-ukraini-socmerezi.html
The women's team of beach football has won silver III European Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730378-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-plaznogo-futbolu-zdobula-sriblo-iii-evropejskih-igor.html
In an accident in Dnipro, two children were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730582-u-dtp-v-dnipri-postrazdali-dvoe-ditej.html
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Markovo, Bogdanivka, Time Yar, Ivanivs ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5248
Sweden's government condemned the Koran burning to Stockholm shares
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730583-urad-svecii-zasudiv-spalenna-koranu-na-akcii-u-stokgolmi.html
Striker from Chisinau Airport was wanted in Tajikistan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730570-napadnik-z-aeroportu-kisineva-buv-u-rozsuku-v-tadzikistani.html
Humeniuk: Russia has reduced the use of barrowing aircraft
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730580-gumenuk-rosia-zmensila-zastosuvanna-barazuucih-aviabomb.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novokalinova, Berdyshi, Avdiivka, Pervomaisk An ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5249
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Hostre, Heorhiyivka, Maryinka, Pobyeda of Donetsk ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5250
Protsenko won bronze in height in height at the Swedish stage of the Diamond League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730577-procenko-zdobuv-bronzu-na-svedskomu-etapi-diamantovoi-ligi-v-stribkah-u-visotu.html
The evacuation train from Donetsk to Zhytomyr will run every eight days
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730575-evakuacijnij-potag-z-doneccini-na-zitomirsinu-kursuvatime-raz-na-visim-dniv.html
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian Army Shelled Paraskovivka, Novomikhailivka, Golden Niva, C ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5251
In the Tavriysk direction a day, the Russians lost almost two mouths - Tarnavsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730573-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-za-dobu-rosiani-vtratili-majze-dvi-roti-tarnavskij.html
Russian military conducted 4 missile strikes at Komyshuvakha
https://t.me/info_zp/39805
Air defense shot down eight Shahed drones and three Kalibr missiles overnight
https://t.me/suspilnenews/22152
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanshchyna directions Russian army shelled Karpovych and Kamyanska ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5245
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5253
Ukraine is spreading air alarm: reported rocket danger
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730364-ukrainou-siritsa-povitrana-trivoga-povidomlaut-pro-raketnu-nebezpeku.html
The Russian army is preparing new waves of mobilization in Zaporozhye - the center
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730366-armia-rf-gotue-novi-hvili-mobilizacii-na-zaporizzi-centr-nacsprotivu.html
The invaders of last day killed civilian in Donetsk, three wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730367-zagarbniki-minuloi-dobi-vbili-civilnogo-na-doneccini-troh-poranili.html
Snake or destruction of the Moscow cruiser is just the beginning: she congratulated the Navy of Ukraine's holiday
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730369-gotovnist-do-borotbi-ta-profesijnist-nadihaut-svit-neizpapa-privitav-z-dnem-vms-ukraini.html
Defense forces per day destroyed another 790 Russian military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730372-sili-oboroni-za-dobu-znisili-se-790-rosijskih-vijskovih.html
Night attack by drones: In the Kyiv region, a man is injured, three houses were damaged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730375-nicna-ataka-dronami-na-kiivsini-poranenij-colovik-poskodzeni-tri-budinki.html
Russians 86 times a day fired at Kherson region, five wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730379-rosiani-86-raziv-za-dobu-obstrilali-hersonsinu-patero-poranenih.html
The memory of the musician, military Sergey Artemov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728643-pamati-muzikanta-vijskovogo-sergia-artemova.html
The enemy attacked the suburbs of Zaporozhye and the front of the villages - almost 60 shelling per day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730380-vorog-atakuvav-peredmista-zaporizza-ta-prifrontovi-sela-majze-60-obstriliv-za-dobu.html
The army of the Russian Federation fired at five districts of Kharkiv region, in Balakliya - two wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730381-armia-rf-za-dobu-obstrilala-pat-rajoniv-harkivsini-u-balaklii-dvoe-poranenih.html
Air defense forces destroyed eight shahad drones and three caliber missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730385-sili-ppo-znisili-unoci-visim-droniv-shahed-i-tri-raketi-kalibr.html
The national team of Ukraine will play with France in the quarterfinals of the CHF-2023 among young people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730387-zbirna-ukraini-sogodni-zigrae-z-francieu-u-cvertfinali-ce2023-sered-molodi.html
The invaders are forcing the residents of Severodonetsk to dig trenches
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730388-zagarbniki-zmusuut-ziteliv-severodonecka-riti-okopi.html
In Russia, the main air show was canceled because of security concerns - British intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730389-u-rosii-skasuvali-golovne-aviasou-cerez-pobouvanna-sodo-bezpeki-britanska-rozvidka.html
NBA: Link will continue the performance in Sacramento
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730391-nba-len-prodovzit-vistup-u-sakramento.html
Ukraine was, is and will be a maritime state: Naev - on the day of the Navy of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730392-ukraina-bula-e-i-bude-morskou-derzavou-naev-u-den-vms-ukraini.html
The enemy hit the village in Zaporozhye at night, a high school building destroyed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730396-vorog-unoci-vdariv-po-selu-na-zaporizzi-zrujnovana-budivla-gimnazii.html
Russia has increased the number of rocket carriers in the Black Sea, the total volley is 16 "calibers"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730395-rosia-zbilsila-kilkist-raketonosiiv-u-cornomu-mori-zagalnij-zalp-16-kalibriv.html
The Russians launched a radio -controlled bomb in Kherson and fired a farm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730587-rosiani-zapustili-po-hersonsini-radiokerovanu-bombu-ta-obstrilali-fermu.html
The automated opening system is planned to be introduced throughout Kiev - KMVA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3730400-sistemu-avtomatizovanogo-vidkritta-shovis-planuut-zaprovaditi-po-vsomu-kievu-kmva.html
Ukrainians Chornohuz and Kochanov became bronze medalists of Euro-2023 with free wrestling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730608-ukrainci-cornoguz-i-kocanov-stali-bronzovimi-prizerami-evro2023-z-vilnoi-borotbi.html
Zaluzhny congratulated the fighting brothers on the Navy Day of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730402-zaluznij-privitav-bojovih-pobratimiv-iz-dnem-vms-ukraini.html
Ukrainian "Vilniki" won two "gold" at the European U20 Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730406-ukrainski-vilniki-zdobuli-dva-zolota-na-cempionati-evropi-u20.html
In air forces do not exclude that Iran can supply Russia drones Mohajer-6
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730407-u-povitranih-silah-ne-viklucaut-so-iran-moze-postacati-rosii-droni-mohajer6.html
In Serbia, there was a protest again - slogans against Vuchich were chantable and toilet paper was thundered
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730409-u-serbii-znovu-vidbuvsa-protest-skanduvali-gasla-proti-vucica-i-zburlali-tualetnij-papir.html
Russian military wounded in Ukraine already 1036 children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730393-rosijski-vijskovi-poranili-v-ukraini-vze-1036-ditej.html
Knocked out three "calibers" Russians launched about five in the morning - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730411-zbiti-ppo-tri-kalibri-rosiani-zapustili-blizko-patoi-ranku-ignat.html
NATO Summit in Vilnius handed over Ukrainian flag from Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730416-na-samit-nato-u-vilnusi-peredali-prapor-z-bahmuta.html
Oceania has a powerful earthquake
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730413-v-okeanii-stavsa-potuznij-zemletrus.html
Leopard tanks in Ukraine will show what they are capable of - Reznikov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730604-tanki-leopard-v-ukraini-pokazut-na-so-voni-zdatni-reznikov.html
Defense forces come on the southern and northern flanks of Bakhmut, there is a promotion - Cleam
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730418-sili-oboroni-nastupaut-na-pivdennih-ta-pivnicnih-flangah-bahmuta-e-prosuvanna-cerevatij.html
Zelensky congratulated the holiday of the Navy of Ukraine: “We are proud!Let's strengthen!Win!”
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730421-zelenskij-privitav-zi-svatom-vms-ukraini-pisaemos-posiluemo-peremagaemo.html
In the Netherlands, the Belarus Embassy has been cracked
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730425-u-niderlandah-potrosili-posolstvo-bilorusi.html
When Ukraine becomes a member of NATO, Russia will never dare to attack - Dmytro Kuleba
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730426-koli-ukraina-stane-clenom-nato-rosia-bilse-nikoli-ne-navazitsa-napasti-dmitro-kuleba.html
Beh-Romanchuk, Protsenko and Krol will present Ukraine at the Swedish stage of the Diamond League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730244-behromancuk-procenko-ta-krol-predstavlat-ukrainu-na-svedskomu-etapi-diamantovoi-ligi.html
In the Black Sea, Russia holds four caliber carriers, volley - up to 24 missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730435-u-cornomu-mori-rosia-trimae-cotiri-nosii-kalibriv-zalp-do-24-raket.html
In Colombia, two military aircraft collided, the pilot was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730438-u-kolumbii-zitknulis-dva-vijskovi-litaki-zaginuv-lotcik.html
Avdiivsky direction is the "hottest" in defense - under Marinka 15 storms were reflected
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730441-avdiivskij-napramok-e-najgaracisim-v-oboroni-pid-marinkou-vidbili-15-vorozih-sturmiv.html
In Zaporozhye, water level is over 2.2 meters below normal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730442-u-zaporizzi-riven-vodi-na-ponad-22-metra-nizce-normi.html
The Navy was told about plans to create a mine division
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730611-u-vms-rozpovili-pro-plani-stvorenna-protiminnogo-divizionu.html
In Kherson the number of wounded during shelling increased to three
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730434-rosiani-obstrilali-herson-e-poranenij.html
"Looks" on Crimea: GUR was told where the largest flag of Ukraine was installed on Snake
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3730449-divitsa-na-krim-u-gur-rozpovili-de-na-zmiinomu-vstanovili-najbilsij-prapor-ukraini.html
In the Netherlands, Ukrainian graduates said goodbye to school
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3730450-u-niderlandah-ukrainski-vipuskniki-poprosalisa-zi-skolou.html
Shepapa spoke about the role of F-16 for conducting operations at sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730452-neizpapa-rozpoviv-pro-rol-f16-dla-provedenna-operacij-na-mori.html
In France, protesters on the car drove into the house of the mayor of Paris suburb
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730454-u-francii-protestuvalniki-na-avto-vihali-u-budinok-mera-parizkogo-peredmista.html
Kherson Empire: The Prosecutor's Office reports four wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730455-obstril-hersona-prokuratura-povidomlae-pro-cotiroh-poranenih.html
The Ministry of Defense showed a video of the destruction of the Field Composition of the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730456-u-minoboroni-pokazali-video-znisenna-polovogo-skladu-rosian.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
The potential rivals of the national team of Ukraine in the Cup of Volleyball Cups were determined
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730458-viznacilisa-potencijni-supernici-zbirnoi-ukraini-v-kubku-pretendentok-z-volejbolu.html
The Naval Flag of Ukraine was raised near the KSCA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3730460-bila-kmda-pidnali-vijskovomorskij-prapor-ukraini.html
Shepapa: We are preparing to start clearing surgery from the Black Sea mines
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730461-neizpapa-gotuemosa-sob-rozpocati-operaciu-z-rozcisenna-vid-min-cornogo-mora.html
Bucha created an installation in memory of the dead residents
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730468-u-buci-stvorili-instalaciu-v-pamat-pro-zagiblih-meskanciv.html
Sholtz explained why Germany does not give Ukraine long -range weapons and security guarantees
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730613-solc-poasniv-comu-frn-zaraz-ne-dae-ukraini-dalekobijnu-zbrou-i-bezpekovi-garantii.html
Belinsky made his way into the Final of the ATP Tournament of the Challenger Series in Carlsrue
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730466-belinskij-probivsa-u-final-kvalifikacii-turniru-atp-serii-challenger-v-karlsrue.html
The Ministry of Reintegration calls for a deprivation of the Balician mandate of the deputy of the regional council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730471-minreintegracii-zaklikae-pozbaviti-balickogo-mandata-deputata-oblradi.html
There was a shooting in the US east - two dead and 28 wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730472-na-shodi-ssa-stalasa-strilanina-dvoe-zagiblih-ta-28-poranenih.html
Shell continues to sell Russian gas - BBC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730477-shell-prodovzue-prodavati-rosijskij-gaz-bbc.html
Kickboxer Brykov won the silver of European Games 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730478-kikbokser-brikov-vigrav-sriblo-evropejskih-igor2023.html
Zelensky came to Odessa - about the operational situation reported her Zhpapa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730480-zelenskij-priihav-v-odesu-pro-operativnu-obstanovku-dopoviv-neizpapa.html
The SES showed the consequences of the Russian shelling of the high -rise building in Kherson
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730481-dsns-pokazala-naslidki-rosijskogo-obstrilu-bagatopoverhivki-v-hersoni.html
The enemy fired Konstantinovka, two wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730617-vorog-obstrilav-kostantinivku-dvoe-poranenih.html
Under Kiev found the remains of eight British aircraft of World War II
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3730482-pid-kievom-znajsli-restki-vosmi-britanskih-litakiv-casiv-drugoi-svitovoi-vijni.html
In Kherson, there were five fires in houses in hostile shelling in houses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730501-u-hersoni-cerez-vorozi-obstrili-stalisa-pat-pozez-u-budinkah.html
If Russian ships remain in the Black Sea, they will be afraid to approach Crimea - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3730504-akso-korabli-rf-zalisatsa-u-cornomu-mori-voni-boatimutsa-nablizatisa-do-krimu-zelenskij.html
Ukraine will become a global security donor after victory - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730508-ukraina-pisla-peremogi-stane-donorom-globalnoi-bezpeki-prezident.html
In Melitopol, the invaders have installed a mobile crematorium that works around the clock
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730511-u-melitopoli-zagarbniki-vstanovili-mobilnij-krematorij-so-pracue-cilodobovo.html
Never Ukrainian shores will tolerate the occupier - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730509-nikoli-ukrainski-beregi-ne-terpitimut-okupanta-zelenskij.html
Air Force warn of Shahmed's Launches from the South
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730619-povitrani-sili-poperedzaut-pro-zapusk-sahediv-z-pivdna.html
Police drawn up a protocol on a cafe near Kiev, where a conflict broke out through Lepsa songs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3730516-policia-sklala-protokol-na-kafe-pid-kievom-de-cerez-pisni-lepsa-rozgorivsa-konflikt.html
The Armed Forces destroyed the ammunition of the Russians in the Bakhmut direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730517-zsu-znisili-sklad-boepripasiv-rosian-na-bahmutskomu-napramku.html
In Lviv build the first school in Europe with a 3D printer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3730519-u-lvovi-buduut-persu-v-evropi-skolu-za-dopomogou-3dprintera.html
Zelensky discussed with military use of sea drones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730524-zelenskij-obgovoriv-iz-vijskovimi-vikoristanna-morskih-droniv.html
South Korea President emphasized the need for more stringent DPRK policy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730532-prezident-pivdennoi-korei-nagolosiv-na-neobhidnosti-bils-zorstkoi-politiki-sodo-kndr.html
Poland will additionally send 500 police officers to the border with Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730531-polsa-dodatkovo-napravit-500-policejskih-na-kordon-z-bilorussu.html
In the Kherson region, a tractor driver exploded in the field
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730538-na-hersonsini-u-poli-pidirvavsa-traktorist.html
In the Cot D'Iwaar as a result of the destruction of the building, seven people were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730539-u-kotdivuari-vnaslidok-rujnuvanna-budivli-zaginuli-semero-ludej.html
Formula-1: Ferstapppen won the Austrian Grand Prix
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730618-formula1-ferstappen-vigrav-granpri-avstrii.html
The US has temporarily relocated the Pacific Air Force to Japan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730533-ssa-timcasovo-peredislokuvali-litaki-tihookeanskih-vps-v-aponiu.html
Ambassador of the Ukrainian national team Zamyatin: Kickboxing is worthy to be represented at the Olympic Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730541-ambasador-zbirnoi-ukraini-zamatin-kikboksing-gidnij-buti-predstavlenim-na-olimpijskih-igrah.html
Sweden Prime Minister will meet with Biden - will discuss NATO and war in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730543-premer-svecii-zustrinetsa-z-bajdenom-obgovorat-vstup-do-nato-j-vijnu-v-ukraini.html
Russia has reduced the number of rocket carriers in the Black Sea to two, volley - 16 "calibers"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730545-rosia-zmensila-kilkist-raketonosiiv-u-cornomu-mori-do-dvoh-zalp-16-kalibriv.html
Biden will visit Britain on the eve of NATO Summit in Vilnius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730549-bajden-vidvidae-britaniu-naperedodni-samitu-nato-u-vilnusi.html
50 volunteers from different regions of Ukraine work in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730551-na-hersonsini-pracuut-50-medikivdobrovolciv-z-riznih-regioniv-ukraini.html
The ESA showed a new Ariane 6 rocket on the starting ground
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3730550-u-esa-pokazali-novu-raketu-ariane-6-na-startovomu-majdanciku.html
In Ukraine tomorrow - short -term rains, in the afternoon to +30 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730490-v-ukraini-zavtra-korotkocasni-dosi-vden-do-30.html
Part of Rosatom's workers and collaborators left the ZEP - mayor of Energodar
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730557-castina-pracivnikiv-rosatoma-ta-kolaborantiv-zalisila-zaes-mer-energodara.html
Soslai officially signed a contract with Liverpool
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730559-soboslai-oficijno-pidpisav-kontrakt-iz-liverpulem.html
Ukrainian Us is the first at European Kayak -Cross Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730561-ukrainka-us-persa-na-evropejskih-igrah-u-bajdarcikrosi.html
Particularly powerful units of Russian troops are kept away from the left bank of Kherson region - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730563-osoblivo-potuzni-pidrozdili-vijsk-rf-trimautsa-podali-vid-livogo-berega-hersonsini-gumenuk.html
In the area of the Antonov Bridge is underway - military struggle - military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730564-u-rajoni-antonivskogo-mostu-vedetsa-kontrbatarejna-borotba-vijskovi.html
In four directions during the day 28 fighting collisions took place
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730565-na-cotiroh-napramkah-protagom-dobi-vidbulisa-28-bojovih-zitknen.html
The forces of defense with the fights are moving in Berdyansk and Melitopol directions - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730568-sili-oboroni-z-boami-prosuvautsa-na-berdanskomu-ta-melitopolskomu-napramkah-malar.html
Protests in France: Grandmother of the dead teenager urged to stop the violence on the streets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730566-protesti-u-francii-babusa-zagiblogo-pidlitka-zaklikala-pripiniti-nasilstvo-na-vulicah.html
Russian troops fired at heavy artillery two communities in Dnipropetrovsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730572-vijska-rf-obstrilali-z-vazkoi-artilerii-dvi-gromadi-na-dnipropetrovsini.html
In the Tavriysk direction a day, the Russians lost almost two mouths - Tarnavsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730573-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-za-dobu-rosiani-vtratili-majze-dvi-roti-tarnavskij.html
The evacuation train from Donetsk to Zhytomyr will run every eight days
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730575-evakuacijnij-potag-z-doneccini-na-zitomirsinu-kursuvatime-raz-na-visim-dniv.html
Protsenko won bronze in height in height at the Swedish stage of the Diamond League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730577-procenko-zdobuv-bronzu-na-svedskomu-etapi-diamantovoi-ligi-v-stribkah-u-visotu.html
Ukraine won France in the 1/4 finals of youth football and play at the Olympics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730621-ukraina-peregrala-franciu-v-14-finalu-molodiznogo-ce2023-i-zigrae-na-olimpiadi2024.html
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Topoli, Novomlynsk, Fyholivka, Masutivka and Kysli...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5246
In the bare pier on the streets still stands water - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730588-u-golij-pristani-na-vulicah-dosi-stoit-voda-ova.html
Humeniuk: Russia has reduced the use of barrowing aircraft
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730580-gumenuk-rosia-zmensila-zastosuvanna-barazuucih-aviabomb.html
Striker from Chisinau Airport was wanted in Tajikistan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730570-napadnik-z-aeroportu-kisineva-buv-u-rozsuku-v-tadzikistani.html
Sweden's government condemned the Koran burning to Stockholm shares
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730583-urad-svecii-zasudiv-spalenna-koranu-na-akcii-u-stokgolmi.html
In an accident in Dnipro, two children were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730582-u-dtp-v-dnipri-postrazdali-dvoe-ditej.html
In the Russian Federation near the military airfield there was an explosion - social networks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730585-u-rf-stavsa-vibuh-bila-vijskovogo-aerodromu-z-akogo-zapuskaut-sahedi-po-ukraini-socmerezi.html
The Russians launched a radio -controlled bomb in Kherson and fired a farm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730587-rosiani-zapustili-po-hersonsini-radiokerovanu-bombu-ta-obstrilali-fermu.html
In the bare pier on the streets still stands water - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730588-u-golij-pristani-na-vulicah-dosi-stoit-voda-ova.html
England beat Portugal's football players and reached the 1/2 finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730591-anglia-obigrala-futbolistiv-portugalii-i-vijsla-do-12-finalu-molodiznogo-ce2023.html
The invaders in the Kherson region force people to take a passport of the Russian Federation "in exchange for life" - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730594-zagarbniki-na-hersonsini-primusuut-ludej-brati-pasport-rf-v-obmin-na-zitta-gumenuk.html
Vatican's specialist visit to Moscow was focused on humanitarian issues
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730598-vizit-specposlanca-vatikanu-do-moskvi-buv-zoseredzenij-na-gumanitarnih-pitannah.html
Peace in Europe is possible only after the victory of Ukraine - Yermak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730599-mir-u-evropi-mozlivij-lise-pisla-peremogi-ukraini-ermak.html
Ukraine has completed a speech at the III European Games: 41 medal, third command place
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730603-ukraina-zaversila-vistup-na-iii-evropejskih-igrah-41-medal-trete-komandne-misce.html
The Russians fired at the Chernihiv and Sumy Region Seven times for a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730602-rosiani-za-den-sim-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini-ta-sumsini.html
Ukrainians Chornohuz and Kochanov became bronze medalists of Euro-2023 with free wrestling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730608-ukrainci-cornoguz-i-kocanov-stali-bronzovimi-prizerami-evro2023-z-vilnoi-borotbi.html
Leopard tanks in Ukraine will show what they are capable of - Reznikov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730604-tanki-leopard-v-ukraini-pokazut-na-so-voni-zdatni-reznikov.html
The Navy was told about plans to create a mine division
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730611-u-vms-rozpovili-pro-plani-stvorenna-protiminnogo-divizionu.html
Sholtz explained why Germany does not give Ukraine long -range weapons and security guarantees
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730613-solc-poasniv-comu-frn-zaraz-ne-dae-ukraini-dalekobijnu-zbrou-i-bezpekovi-garantii.html
The enemy fired Konstantinovka, two wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730617-vorog-obstrilav-kostantinivku-dvoe-poranenih.html
Air Force warn of Shahmed's Launches from the South
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730619-povitrani-sili-poperedzaut-pro-zapusk-sahediv-z-pivdna.html
Formula-1: Ferstapppen won the Austrian Grand Prix
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730618-formula1-ferstappen-vigrav-granpri-avstrii.html
In Ukraine tomorrow - short -term rains, in the afternoon to +30 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730490-v-ukraini-zavtra-korotkocasni-dosi-vden-do-30.html
Ukraine won France in the 1/4 finals of youth football and play at the Olympics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730621-ukraina-peregrala-franciu-v-14-finalu-molodiznogo-ce2023-i-zigrae-na-olimpiadi2024.html
England beat Portugal's football players and reached the 1/2 finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730591-anglia-obigrala-futbolistiv-portugalii-i-vijsla-do-12-finalu-molodiznogo-ce2023.html
Prosecutors capture the effects of enemy shelling in Balakliya in Kharkiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/prokurory-fiksuyut-naslidky-vorozhogo-obstrilu-u-balakliyi-na-harkivshhyni/
Reported suspicion to the Russian propagandist, who called for the genocide of Ukrainians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-rosijskomu-propagandystu-yakyj-zaklykav-do-genoczydu-ukrayincziv/
Another meeting of the coordination headquarters for the restoration
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/vidbulosya-chergove-zasidannya-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-z-pytan-vidnovlennya-deokupovanyh-terytorij/
Grain Initiative: Russia has stopped registering an entrance fleet
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/zernova-inicziatyva-rosiya-prypynyla-reyestracziyu-vhidnogo-flotu/
Ukrainian prosecutors take over the experience of investigating war crimes from their Croatian colleagues
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/ukrayinski-prokurory-perejmayut-vid-svoyih-horvatskyh-koleg-dosvid-rozsliduvannya-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
Our defenders struck four areas of focus of enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/nashi-zahysnyky-urazyly-chotyry-rajony-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
Severe fighting lasts in three directions, a day - 46 collisions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/tyazhki-boyi-tryvayut-na-troh-napryamkah-za-dobu-46-zitknen/
Defense forces per day eliminated nearly 800 invaders, destroyed 26 artisystems and 10 tanks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-800-okupantiv-znyshhyly-26-artsystem-ta-10-tankiv/
The invaders in the Kherson region force people to take a passport of the Russian Federation "in exchange for life" - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730594-zagarbniki-na-hersonsini-primusuut-ludej-brati-pasport-rf-v-obmin-na-zitta-gumenuk.html
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-2/
The occupiers have lost "hail" with calculation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/okupanty-vtratyly-grad-z-rozrahunkom/
Two Shards drones shot at midnight above Mykolaiv region - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/dva-drony-shahed-znyshheni-opivnochi-nad-mykolayivshhynoyu-nataliya-gumenyuk/
The Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine congratulated the naval forces on their professional day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/golovnokomanduvach-zs-ukrayiny-pryvitav-vijskovo-morski-syly-z-yihnim-profesijnym-dnem/
Over the past day, Ukrainian defenders have advanced in the Bakhmut direction - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/za-mynulu-dobu-ukrayinski-zahysnyky-prosunulysya-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-sergij-cherevatyj/
Vatican's specialist visit to Moscow was focused on humanitarian issues
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730598-vizit-specposlanca-vatikanu-do-moskvi-buv-zoseredzenij-na-gumanitarnih-pitannah.html
Today the enemy does not approach the coast of Odessa at a distance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/sogodni-protyvnyk-ne-nablyzhayetsya-do-uzberezhzhya-odesy-na-vidstan-menshe-nizh-100-morskyh-myl-oleksij-neyizhpapa/
Air advantage is the key to success on Earth
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/perevaga-v-povitri-cze-klyuch-do-uspihu-na-zemli/
494 children were killed in Ukraine as a result of armed aggression of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/494-dytyny-zagynuly-v-ukrayini-vnaslidok-zbrojnoyi-agresiyi-rf-2/
During the week, the National Guards surveyed about 625 hectares of terrain and disposed of 49 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/protyagom-tyzhnya-naczgvardijczi-obstezhyly-blyzko-625-ga-misczevosti-ta-zneshkodyly-49-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
The Ministry of Education has increased government orders to managers for work in de -checked territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/minosvity-zbilshylo-derzhzamovlennya-na-upravlincziv-dlya-roboty-na-deokupovanyh-terytoriyah/
Russia holds 9 ships in the Black Sea, including four carriage missiles "Caliber"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/rosiya-trymaye-u-chornomu-mori-9-korabliv-sered-yakyh-chotyry-nosiya-krylatyh-raket-kalibr/
DBR blocked a new channel of illegal transfer of military people to European countries
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/dbr-zablokuvalo-novyj-kanal-nezakonnogo-perepravlennya-vijskovozobovyazanyh-do-krayin-yevropy/
Peace in Europe is possible only after the victory of Ukraine - Yermak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730599-mir-u-evropi-mozlivij-lise-pisla-peremogi-ukraini-ermak.html
Leopard tanks arrived in Ukraine to show what they are capable of - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/tanky-leopard-prybuly-v-ukrayinu-shhob-pokazaty-na-shho-vony-zdatni-oleksij-reznikov/
Our aviation during the day has made more than 10 beats across the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/nasha-aviacziya-protyagom-doby-zavdala-ponad-10-udariv-po-vorogu/
In Odesa region, the President heard a report on the development of the Navy of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/na-odeshhyni-prezydent-zasluhav-dopovid-shhodo-rozvytku-vijskovo-morskyh-syl-ukrayiny/
The Russian serviceman tells about losses and complains about the absence of ammunition - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/vijskovosluzhbovecz-rf-rozpovidaye-pro-vtraty-ta-zhaliyetsya-na-vidsutnist-boyeprypasiv-perehoplennya-gur/
Creating a Marines Corps will allow marine infantrymen to become self -sufficient - Alexei Zhpapa
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/stvorennya-korpusu-morskoyi-pihoty-dozvolyt-morskym-pihotynczyam-staty-samodostatnimy-oleksij-neyizhpapa/
Attacks on IT companies and specialized software developers-a threat of critical infrastructure
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/ataky-na-it-kompaniyi-ta-speczializovanyh-rozrobnykiv-pz-zagroza-krytychnij-infrastrukturi/
Our artillerymen destroyed the ammunition composition with the racists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/nashi-artylerysty-znyshhyly-sklad-boyeprypasiv-razom-iz-rashystamy/
Our air defense has destroyed 11 enemy air purposes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/nashi-ppo-znyshhyly-11vorozhyh-povitryanyh-czilej/
Pyrotechnics of the SESS neutralized 277 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-277-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
Glory to the Naval Forces of the Armed Forces-Head of State welcomes our defenders on the holiday
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/slava-vijskovo-morskym-sylam-zsu-glava-derzhavy-vitaye-nashyh-zahysnykiv-zi-svyatom/
Ukraine has completed a speech at the III European Games: 41 medal, third command place
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730603-ukraina-zaversila-vistup-na-iii-evropejskih-igrah-41-medal-trete-komandne-misce.html
The occupiers were fired at Kherson again, hit the high -rise building - the proceedings were started
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/okupanty-vchergove-obstrilyaly-herson-vluchyly-u-bagatopoverhivku-rozpochato-provadzhennya/
Greetings to the President for the military-naval forces of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/vitannya-prezydenta-vijskovosluzhbovczyam-vijskovo-morskyh-syl-zsu/
She saw a collection of legal assistance examples to defenders and defenders of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/pobachyla-svit-zbirka-prykladiv-pravovoyi-dopomogy-zahysnykam-i-zahysnyczyam-ukrayiny/
Ukraine is not just a country with the coast, but the maritime state is the Minister of Defense of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/ukrayina-ne-prosto-krayina-z-uzberezhzhyam-a-morska-derzhava-ministr-oborony-ukrayiny/
Never Ukrainian shores will tolerate the occupier - the President of Ukraine's appeal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/nikoly-ukrayinski-beregy-ne-terpitymut-okupanta-zvernennya-prezydenta-ukrayiny/
Sea aviation from the first days of large -scale Russian aggression is involved in hostilities - Alexei Shephapa
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/morska-aviacziya-z-pershyh-dniv-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-bere-uchast-u-bojovyh-diyah-oleksij-neyizhpapa/
The flagship of the Navy of Ukraine Corvette "Hetman Ivan Mazepa" should be part of the Ukrainian military fleet next year
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/flagman-vms-ukrayiny-korvet-getman-ivan-mazepa-maye-uvijty-do-skladu-ukrayinskogo-vijskovogo-flotu-nastupnogo-roku/
During the day, rescuers traveled 200 times to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-200-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv/
The enemy was unsuccessfully advanced on Liman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/vorog-bezuspishno-nastupav-na-lymanskomu-bahmutskomu-avdiyivskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah/
The courage and skill of our Navy soldiers destroyed hostile hopes and drowned them in the sea - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/vidvaga-j-majsternist-nashyh-voyiniv-vms-znyshhyly-vorozhi-nadiyi-ta-vtopyly-yih-u-mori-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
The Russians fired at the Chernihiv and Sumy Region Seven times for a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730602-rosiani-za-den-sim-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini-ta-sumsini.html
President visited a military hospital and awarded Ukrainian sailors
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/prezydent-vidvidav-vijskovyj-gospital-i-nagorodyv-ukrayinskyh-moryakiv/
Ukrainian sailors honor all who gave their lives for our future victory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/ukrayinski-moryaky-vshanovuyut-usih-hto-viddav-svoye-zhyttya-zadlya-nashoyi-majbutnoyi-peremogy/
The task of the river flotilla is to support the land troops in the rich directions - Alexei Shephapa
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/zavdannyam-richkovoyi-flotyliyi-ye-pidtrymka-suhoputnyh-vijsk-na-pryrichkovyh-napryamkah-oleksij-neyizhpapa/
Our aviation has made 9 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/nasha-aviacziya-zavdala-9-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
The fleet we have diverse and should develop in all directions - Alexei Zhpapa
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/flot-u-nas-riznoplanovyj-ta-povynen-rozvyvatysya-v-usih-napryamah-oleksij-neyizhpapa/
Cherkasy and Chernihiv marine mines will be the first to take part in mine safety operations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/morski-tralshhyky-cherkasy-ta-chernigiv-pershymy-vizmut-uchast-v-operacziyah-shhodo-protyminnoyi-bezpeky-v-chornomu-mori/
The Russians fired more than 10 settlements from the artillery. Among them Marinka and Novomikhailivka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/rosiyany-obstrilyaly-z-artyleriyi-ponad-10-naselenyh-punktiv-sered-nyh-maryinka-ta-novomyhajlivka/
Ukraine took third place at the European Games - 2023
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/ukrayina-posila-tretye-miscze-na-yevropejskyj-igrah-2023/
In the Taurian direction of defense force systematically destroy the enemy - Alexander Tarnavsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-syly-oborony-systemno-znyshhuyut-voroga-oleksandr-tarnavskyj/
Short. War. Day 494. Videoodigest …
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/korotko-vijna-den-494-videodajdzhest/
The OP noted the success of the national team of Ukraine at European Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730609-v-op-vidznacili-uspih-zbirnoi-ukraini-na-evropejskih-igrah.html
Another 236 people were evacuated from the deocal Kherson region, including 30 children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730495-z-deokupovanoi-hersonsini-evakuuvali-se-236-osib-z-nih-30-ditej.html
Assistance to Ukraine is the support of common European values - Michelle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730622-dopomoga-ukraini-e-pidtrimkou-spilnih-evropejskih-cinnostej-misel.html
Assistance to Ukraine is the support of common European values - Michelle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730622-dopomoga-ukraini-e-pidtrimkou-spilnih-evropejskih-cinnostej-misel.html
Another 236 people were evacuated from the deocal Kherson region, including 30 children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730495-z-deokupovanoi-hersonsini-evakuuvali-se-236-osib-z-nih-30-ditej.html
The OP noted the success of the national team of Ukraine at European Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730609-v-op-vidznacili-uspih-zbirnoi-ukraini-na-evropejskih-igrah.html
奥地利不会干扰军事设备到乌克兰的过境 - 外交大臣
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730624-avstria-ne-pereskodzae-tranzitu-vijskovoi-tehniki-do-ukraini-glava-mzs.html
That will forever enter the history of the Navy of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/shho-nazavzhdy-uvijde-do-istoriyi-vms-zsu/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====