乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-03-26

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

The Government has improved the procedure for payment of monetary compensation for the purchase of housing by veterans and their families
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/25/uryad-udoskonalyv-poryadky-vyplaty-groshovoyi-kompensacziyi-dlya-prydbannya-zhytla-veteranamy-ta-chlenamy-yihnih-simej/
SBU's military counterintelligence since the beginning of the year has destroyed dozens of Russian equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/25/vijskovi-kontrrozvidnyky-sbu-z-pochatku-roku-znyshyly-desyatky-odynycz-rosijskoyi-tehniky/
Mortar and aerial reconnaissance border guards - explosive tandem for invaders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/25/minometnyky-ta-aerorozvidka-prykordonnykiv-vybuhovyj-tandem-dlya-zagarbnykiv/
An individual adaptation program to civil life after demobilization must be developed for each serviceman
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/25/dlya-kozhnogo-vijskovosluzhbovczya-maye-buty-rozroblena-indyvidualna-programa-adaptacziyi-v-czyvilne-zhyttya-pislya-demobilizacziyi/
The SBU identified 21 collaborators from the occupation of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Russian Federation in Kherson region that accompanied the columns of Russian armored vehicles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/25/sbu-identyfikuvala-21-kolaboranta-z-okupaczijnogo-mvs-rf-na-hersonshhyni-yaki-suprovodzhuvaly-kolony-rosijskoyi-bronetehniky/
More than 15 liters of "rescue" blood were handed over
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/25/ponad-15-litriv-ryativnoyi-krovi-zdaly-spivrobitnyky-dsns-rivnenshhyny-dlya-vijskovyh-zsu/
Mobilized Russian
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/25/mobilizovani-rf-ne-chyslyatsya-v-zhodnij-z-vijskovyh-chastyn-perehoplennya-gur/
CPD informs about the main narrative that promoted the Roszma last day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/25/czpd-informuye-pro-osnovnyj-naratyv-shho-prosuvaly-roszmi-mynuloyi-doby/
During the day of the Russian Federation, she struck 50 aviation and 11 rocket stroke
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/25/za-dobu-rf-zavdala-50-aviaczijnyh-ta-11-raketnyh-udariv-zdijsnyla-75-obstriliv-z-rszv/
Ukrainian defenders knocked down enemy Mi-24 and 6 UAVs of enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/25/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-zbyly-vorozhyj-gelikopter-mi-24-ta-6-bpla-protyvnyka/
In the temporarily captured energy, the occupiers organize the children of the upper classes of "excursions" to
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/25/u-tymchasovo-zahoplenomu-energodari-okupanty-organizovuyut-dityam-starshyh-klasiv-ekskursiyi-do-rosiyi/
Alexei Reznikov thanked Sweden Prime Minister for Defense Assistance to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/25/olesij-reznikov-podyakuvav-premyer-ministru-shvecziyi-za-oboronnu-dopomogu-ukrayini/
The documentary "Chaplains was presented in Kiev. Faith in the war ”
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/25/u-kyyevi-prezentuvaly-dokumentalnyj-film-kapelany-vira-na-vijni/
More than 169 thousand soldiers lost the army of the Russian Federation since the beginning of large -scale aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/25/ponad-169-tysyach-vijskovyh-vtratyla-armiya-rf-z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-agresiyi/
Knowledge that save life: How mobilized paratroopers prepare for hostilities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/25/znannya-shho-ryatuyut-zhyttya-yak-mobilizovani-desantnyky-gotuyutsya-do-bojovyh-dij/
How to get a military holding certificate in captivity
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/25/yak-otrymaty-dovidku-pro-perebuvannya-vijskovogo-u-poloni/
As world sanctions destroy the economy of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/25/yak-svitovi-sankcziyi-rujnuyut-ekonomiku-rf-2/
In Crimea, the occupiers sell real estate
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/v-krymu-okupanty-rozprodayut-neruhomist/
Ukraine and the world are against Russian aggression. Action sanctions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-13/
In Kherson, national guards honored the memory of the dead brothers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/u-hersoni-naczionalni-gvardijczi-vshanuvaly-pamyat-zagyblyh-pobratymiv/
The SSSU Chairman met with the Deputy Chairman of the US Mission and discussed the areas of cooperation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/golova-dpsu-zustrivsya-iz-zastupnykom-golovy-misiyi-ssha-ta-obgovoryv-napryamky-spivrobitnycztva/
The fighters answered the questions of children-peers of the National Guard of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/bijczi-vidpovily-na-pytannya-ditej-odnolitkiv-naczionalnoyi-gvardiyi-ukrayiny/
Our artillerymen struck 3 management points and 5 districts of enemy forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/nashi-artylerysty-urazyly-3-punkty-upravlinnya-ta-5-rajoniv-zoseredzhennya-syl-protyvnyka/
During the day, the Defense Forces repelled more than 85 attacks of Russian invaders – HSC of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/protyagom-doby-syly-oborony-vidbyly-ponad-85-atak-rosijskyh-zagarbnykiv-gsh-zsu/
In Zaporozhye, the occupiers introduce special traffic to moving in the occupied territory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/na-zaporizhzhi-okupanty-vvodyat-speczperepustky-dlya-peremishhennya-po-okupovanij-terytoriyi/
CEO of the IAEA will visit the Zaporozhye NPP next week
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/gendyrektor-magate-vidvidaye-zaporizku-aes-nastupnogo-tyzhnya/
Most enterprises will transfer to the sphere of management of the State Property Fund - Denis Shmigal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/bilshist-derzhavnyh-pidpryyemstv-budut-peredani-do-sfery-upravlinnya-fondu-derzhmajna-denys-shmygal/
Another minus 660 occupants, 15 tanks and 15 BBM: daily loss of enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/shhe-minus-660-okupantiv-15-tankiv-ta-15-bbm-dobovi-vtraty-voroga/
In two months in Ukraine, more than 300 cyberattacks were recorded in the State Secretariat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/za-dva-misyaczi-v-ukrayini-zafiksuvaly-ponad-300-kiberatak-derzhspeczzvyazku/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Russians will be punished for illegal deportation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/rosiyany-budut-pokarani-za-nezakonnu-deportacziyu-ukrayinskyh-ditej-minreintegracziyi/
Army aircraft skillfully and continuously causes the enemy of significant losses - Alexander Sirsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/armijska-aviacziya-majsterno-ta-bezperervno-zavdaye-protyvnyku-znachnyh-vtrat-oleksandr-syrskyj/
The Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces congratulated the National Guards on a professional holiday
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/golovnokomanduvach-zsu-pryvitav-naczgvardijcziv-iz-profesijnym-svyatom/
As of the morning of March 26, as a result of Russian attacks, 5 civilians were killed and 25 - wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/stanom-na-ranok-26-bereznya-v-rezultati-rosijskyh-atak-zagynulo-5-czyvilnyh-ta-25-otrymaly-poranennya/
The Russian Federation holds two rocket launchers with eight "caliber" in the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/rf-trymaye-u-chornomu-mori-dva-raketonosiyi-z-vismoma-kalibramy/
President on National Guard Day: You are one of the key elements of Ukraine's defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/prezydent-u-den-naczionalnoyi-gvardiyi-vy-odyn-iz-klyuchovyh-elementiv-zahystu-ukrayiny/
ARTURO ARTUROEV ARTOROAEV-champion of the International Greco-Roman Wrestling Tournament
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/armiyecz-artur-politayev-chempion-mizhnarodnogo-turniru-z-greko-rymskoyi-borotby/
RF Military Crimes: More than 76 thousand cases have been registered in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/voyenni-zlochyny-rf-v-ukrayini-zareyestrovano-ponad-76-tysyachi-vypadkiv/
"Your feats inspire all Ukraine": Alexei Reznikov awarded the National Guards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/vashi-podvygy-nadyhayut-vsyu-ukrayinu-oleksij-reznikov-nagorodyv-ukrayinskyh-naczgvardijcziv/
Ukraine manages to dismiss the military against which criminal cases are initiated in the Russian Federation - the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/ukrayini-vdayetsya-zvilnyaty-z-polonu-vijskovyh-proty-yakyh-u-rf-porusheni-kryminalni-spravy-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
Ukrainian artillerymen complete training at the AS90 SAU in the United Kingdom
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/ukrayinski-artylerysty-zavershuyut-navchannya-na-sau-as90-u-velykij-brytaniyi/
Trostyanets and Sumy region became the "bone in the throat" of the enemy-Major General Alexander Nesterenko about the events of last year
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/trostyanecz-ta-sumshhyna-staly-kistkoyu-v-gorli-voroga-general-major-oleksandr-nesterenko-pro-podiyi-mynulogo-roku/
We managed to stabilize the situation in the Bakhmut direction - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/nam-udalosya-stabilizuvaty-sytuacziyu-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-sergij-cherevatyj/
A mine was damaged near one of the beaches of Odesa region, several buildings were damaged
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/bilya-odnogo-z-plyazhiv-odeshhyny-zdetonuvala-mina-poshkodzheno-kilka-budivel/
Attempting to activate efforts in the Kupyansk-Liman direction led the enemy to the loss of equipment and live power
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/namagannya-aktyvizuvaty-zusyllya-na-kupyansko-lymanskomu-napryamku-pryvely-voroga-do-vtraty-tehniky-ta-zhyvoyi-syly/
In three days border guards neutralized 8 enemy drones
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/protyagom-troh-dib-prykordonnyky-zneshkodyly-8-vorozhyh-bezpilotnykiv/
During the day of the Pyrotechnics of the SES, more than 300 explosive items were disposed of
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-300-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-7/
Over 323 million hryvnias have already been paid to residents of liberated territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/zhytelyam-zvilnenyh-terytorij-vzhe-vyplacheno-ponad-323-miljony-gryven-groshovoyi-dopomogy/
In the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine urged Belarus to prevent the intentions of the Russian Federation to place nuclear weapons in their territory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/mzs-ukrayiny-zaklykaly-bilorus-zavadyty-namiram-rf-rozmistyty-yadernu-zbroyu-na-yih-terytoriyi/
Ukrainian singers, actors, presenters and bloggers greeted defenders on the Day of the National Guard of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/ukrayinski-spivaky-aktory-muzykanty-veduchi-ta-blogery-pryvitaly-zahysnykiv-z-dnem-naczionalnoyi-gvardiyi-ukrayiny/
In a week of the Armed Forces, nearly 6,000 occupiers were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/za-tyzhden-zsu-znyshhyly-majzhe-6-tysyach-okupantiv/
Anna Malyar urged Ukrainians to consume information from official sites and verified accounts
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/ganna-malyar-zaklykala-ukrayincziv-spozhyvaty-informacziyu-z-oficzijnyh-sajtiv-ta-veryfikovanyh-akauntiv/
During the day, Ukrainian defenders repelled more than 50 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/protyagom-doby-ukrayinski-zahysnyky-vidbyly-ponad-50-vorozhyh-atak/
In the Zaporizhzhia region, the racists arranged a local hospital under the hospital and do not let civilians there
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/u-zaporizkij-oblasti-rashysty-oblashtuvaly-misczevu-likarnyu-pid-shpytal-i-ne-puskayut-tudy-czyvilnyh/
Our aviation per day has struck 3 strokes on hostile positions and technique
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/nasha-aviacziya-za-dobu-zavdala-3-udary-po-vorozhyh-pozycziyah-ta-tehniczi/
Josep Borrel: EU is ready to introduce new sanctions if the Russian Federation places nuclear weapons in Belarus
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/zhozep-borrel-yes-gotovyj-vvesty-novi-sankcziyi-yakshho-rf-rozmistyt-yadernu-zbroyu-u-bilorusi/
The Ukrainian military captured the Russian armored car BPM-97 "lining"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/ukrayinski-vijskovi-zahopyly-rosijskyj-broneavtomobil-bpm-97-vystryel/
Rosarmia's troops fired the border of Chernivtsi, there is damage
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/vijska-rosarmiyi-obstrilyaly-prykordonnya-chergivshhyny-ye-rujnuvannya/
The Estonian Defense Ministry showed the training of Ukrainian military at howitzers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/u-minoborony-estoniyi-pokazaly-navchannya-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-na-gaubyczyah/
70 billboards were installed in Poland with images of Ukrainians who sincerely thank the Poles for their support
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/ukrayinczi-dyakuyut-polyakam-ta-polshhi/
In Kharkiv region, the occupiers struck on the KUB ’ Yang: damaged a dwelling house
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/na-harkivshhyni-okupanty-zavdaly-udaru-po-kupyansku-poshkodyly-zhytlovyj-budynok/
Canada Prime Minister and US President promised to stand side by side with Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/premyer-ministr-kanady-dzhastin-tryudo-i-prezydent-ssha-dzho-bajden-poobiczyaly-stoyaty-plich-o-plich-z-ukrayinoyu/
In the UK
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/u-velykij-brytaniyi-novobranczi-zsu-navchayutsya-diyaty-u-patruli/
Can't be mentally far from war, support our fighters when possible - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/ne-mozhna-buty-podumky-daleko-vid-vijny-pidtrymujte-nashyh-bijcziv-koly-cze-mozhlyvo-prezydent-ukrayiny/
IKEA Swedish Company sold its latest enterprise in
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/shvedska-kompaniya-ikea-prodala-ostannye-svoye-pidpryyemstvo-na-rosiyi/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====