乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-22

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

The Slovak Parliament recognized the Holodomor with the genocide of the Ukrainian people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/parlament-slovachchyny-vyznav-golodomor-genoczydom-ukrayinskogo-narodu/
Gur's interception: "We are not told how many we have dead" - a rashist about losses
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/perehoplennya-gur-nam-ne-kazhut-skilky-mayemo-zagyblyh-voyak-rf-pro-vtraty/
The General Staff of the Armed Forces posted a video of destruction of the "stugna" of the Russian tank
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/genshtab-zsu-rozmistyv-video-znyshhennya-stugnoyu-rosijskogo-tanka/
The victims of Kakhovskaya Hydroe Hepheus will receive one -time financial assistance from the state
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/postrazhdali-vid-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-otrymayut-odnorazovu-groshovu-dopomogu-vid-derzhavy/
The Kremlin blocks the admission of UN representatives to the Left Bank of Kherson Region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/kreml-blokuye-dopusk-predstavnykiv-oon-na-livoberezhzhya-hersonshhyny/
Explosions were reported in Poltava region
https://t.me/huyovy_kharkiv/113829
Explosion was reported just before the raid alert
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/44705
Our artillery during the day struck 3 management points, 3 stations of the IP, 18 art units of the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/nasha-artyleriya-protyagom-doby-urazyla-3-punkty-upravlinnya-3-stancziyi-reb-18-artpidrozdiliv-voroga/
Information about the possible breakthrough of the Armed Forces causes panic moods in collaborators - the General Staff of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/informacziya-pro-mozhlyvyj-proryv-zsu-vyklykaye-u-kolaborantiv-panichni-nastroyi-genshtab-zsu/
At night the air defense forces destroyed all six "shahas" over Khmelnytskyi
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/unochi-syly-ppo-znyshhyly-usi-shist-shahediv-nad-hmelnychchynoyu/
Pentagon mistakenly inflated the cost provided to Ukraine by weapons of $ 6.2 billion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/pentagon-pomylkovo-zavyshhyv-vartist-nadanogo-ukrayini-ozbroyennya-na-62-milyarda/
The Supreme Court has determined the amount of one -time financial assistance for war veterans for 2022
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/verhovnyj-sud-vyznachyv-sumu-odnorazovoyi-groshovoyi-dopomogy-dlya-veteraniv-vijny-za-2022-rik/
CPD reports manipulations widespread in the world media
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/czpd-povidomlyaye-pro-manipulyacziyi-poshyreni-za-dobu-svitovymy-zmi/
Organized a pseudo -referendum in the occupied territory of Zaporizhzhya region - the Russian writer is suspected
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/ocholyv-okupaczijnyj-organ-ta-organizuvav-psevdoreferendum-na-zahoplenij-terytoriyi-zaporizkoyi-oblasti-pidozryuyetsya-rosijskyj-pysmennyk/
The enemy unsuccessfully tried to step on in four directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/vorog-bezuspishno-namagavsya-nastupaty-na-chotyroh-napryamkah-genshtab-zsu/
More than 4,000 Rosarmia tanks have destroyed Ukraine's defense forces since the beginning of large -scale aggression of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/ponad-4000-tankiv-rosarmiyi-znyshhyly-syly-oborony-ukrayiny-z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-agresiyi-rf/
The enemy brought out a combat duty of the overwarf rocket launcher
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/vorog-vyviv-na-bojove-cherguvannya-nadvodnyj-raketonosij/
In Belarus the preparation of units of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation for departure to the war is continuing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/u-bilorusi-tryvaye-pidgotovka-pidrozdiliv-zs-rf-dlya-vidpravky-na-vijnu-v-ukrayinu/
Conference on Reconstruction in London: 19 countries have joined the platform in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/konferencziya-z-vidbudovy-v-londoni-do-platformy-spivinvestuvannya-v-ukrayinu-doluchylysya-19-krayin/
Global hopes are focused on our country, and our people will justify them: Ukraine will win - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/na-nashij-derzhavi-sfokusovani-globalni-nadiyi-i-nashi-lyudy-yih-vypravdayut-ukrayina-peremozhe-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Bogdanivka, Kalinivka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5157
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Alexandrovil, Ceramics, Novokalin, Berdyshi, C ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5158
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian of the Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, Star, Acute, Marinka, Georgia ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5159
Ukrainian scout causes rage in the Kremlin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/ukrayinskyj-rozvidnyk-vyklykaye-lyut-u-kremli/
Ukraine expects that States and Canada will be the first to pass confiscated assets of the Russian Federation - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726526-ukraina-ocikue-so-stati-ta-kanada-persimi-peredadut-konfiskovani-aktivi-rf-smigal.html
Biden and fashion have declared a willingness to join forces for peace in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726523-bajden-i-modi-vislovili-gotovnist-obednati-zusilla-dla-miru-v-ukraini.html
Ukraine and Britain have concluded an energy partnership agreement
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/ukrayina-i-brytaniya-uklaly-dogovir-pro-energetychne-partnerstvo/
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Khrinivka, Yeline, Karpov...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5154
In Odessa, a man threw a strand from the children - she exploded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726519-v-odesi-colovik-kinuv-u-ditej-strajkbolnu-granatu-vona-vibuhnula.html
In the fall, the single register of weapons integrate with "action" - Deputy Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726517-voseni-edinij-reestr-zbroi-integruut-z-dieu-zastupnik-ministra.html
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled Krasne First, Figolivka, Novomlinsk, two -year, with ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5155
CHE-2023 Among Youth: Starting Victory of England and Switzerland football players
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726516-ce2023-sered-molodi-startovi-peremogi-futbolistiv-anglii-ta-svejcarii.html
The situation at the Zaporozhye NPP is stable: the head of the Ova has published an appeal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726515-situacia-na-zaporizkij-aes-stabilna-golova-ova-opriludniv-zvernenna.html
Morshyn opened a shelter for women who suffered from domestic violence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726512-u-morsini-vidkrili-prihistok-dla-zinok-aki-postrazdali-vid-domasnogo-nasilstva.html
AT Liman Direction Russian Army Welled Stelmakhivka, Nevsk, Dibrova, Kuzmin, Bilonorivka about ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5156
Russian army conducted missile strike at Kryvyi Rih district
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/54979
Bridge between occupied Crimea and Kherson region was damaged in a missile strike
https://t.me/SALDO_VGA/929
EU Enlargement: Today, the EU Commission will present the oral assessment of progress in the ...
https://twitter.com/DionisCenusa/status/1671756008408903680
Russian army used Kh-22, Kh-47 Kindzhal missiles and Shahed 136\/131 drones to attack Ukraine...
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/55000
President Zelensky says that Ukrainian intelligence has received information that Russia is s...
https://twitter.com/SkyNewsArabia_B/status/1671803953233682434
Putin discussed war in Ukraine with Russian Security council, admitted that Ukraine has  offe...
https://t.me/rusbrief/128477
Ukraine defence forces have partial success in advance at Rivnopil – Staromayorske and Biloho...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5153
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Novoocheretuvate, Neskuchne, Blah...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5161
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5162
5 person wounded as result of Russian missile strike in Pokrovsk yesterday
https://t.me/suspilnenews/21914
Moldova MFA summoned Russian Ambassador after representative of Russian occupation authorities...
https://t.me/channel24_ua/93482
The Russians sent 18 billion cubic meters of uncontrolled water - the head of the Kherson Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726525-rosiani-napravili-na-nas-18-milardiv-kubometriv-nekontrolovanoi-vodi-golova-hersonskoi-ova.html
The General Staff showed in the work of military communications
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/genshtab-pokazav-u-roboti-vijskovyh-zvyazkivcziv/
Rocket troops and artillery of the Armed Forces during the day were struck by 13 articles and 3 points of management of the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/raketni-vijska-ta-artyleriya-zsu-protyagom-doby-urazyly-13-artustanovok-ta-3-punkty-upravlinnya-okupantiv/
Drone was shot down in attempt to attack military plant in Suzemka of Briansk region
https://t.me/breakingmash/45207
To reduce the voltage between Kosovo and Serbia EU proposes to hold new local elections
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726542-dla-znizenna-naprugi-miz-kosovo-i-serbieu-es-proponue-provesti-novi-miscevi-vibori.html
The President on the Situation of the ZPP: The world must know and act
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726543-prezident-pro-situaciu-na-zaes-svit-povinen-znati-ta-diati.html
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated 650 invaders, destroyed 21 Artsystem and 12 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-650-okupantiv-znyshhyly-21-artsystemu-i-12-bbm/
Pentagon has not confirmed the US involvement in the planning of blows on bridges in the Crimean area
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3726545-pentagon-ne-pidtverdiv-pricetnist-ssa-do-planuvanna-udariv-po-mostah-v-rajoni-krimu.html
The World Bank and Donors provide Ukraine with an additional $ 1.76 billion for recovery - Denis Shmigal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/svitovyj-bank-i-donory-nadayut-ukrayini-dodatkovi-176-mlrd-na-vidnovlennya-denys-shmygal/
The Ukrainian national team started at the European Cadet Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726546-zbirna-ukraini-z-dzudo-startuvala-na-cempionati-evropi-sered-kadetiv.html
Peter Paul called quite justified changes in conditions for Ukrainian refugees in the Czech Republic
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726318-petr-pavel-nazvav-cilkom-vipravdanimi-zmini-v-umovah-dla-ukrainskih-bizenciv-u-cehii.html
Fire reported after explosions in Kherson
https://t.me/c/1206076820/41988
President Zelensky dismissed the Ambassador of Ukraine to Belarus Kyzym
https://t.me/suspilnenews/21927
Zelensky announced new steps for the spiritual independence of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726547-zelenskij-anonsuvav-novi-kroki-dla-duhovnoi-nezaleznosti-ukraini.html
Any use of a tactical nuclear weapon by Russia, Belarus, or their proxies, or the destruction...
https://twitter.com/ostapyarysh/status/1671955878180782099
The Russian Mi-24 helicopter crashed in Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726356-u-bilorusi-rozbivsa-rosijskij-vertolit-mi24.html
IOC excluded the International Boxing Association from its composition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726354-mok-vikluciv-miznarodnu-boksersku-asociaciu-zi-svogo-skladu.html
The Internet is even if there is no water and light: Lithuania rates high digitalization in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3726357-internet-e-navit-akso-nemae-vodi-i-svitla-litva-visoko-ocinue-riven-cifrovizacii-v-ukraini.html
Kherson and region shelling: Four locals and two volunteers wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726364-obstril-hersona-j-oblasti-poraneni-cetvero-miscevih-ziteliv-i-dvoe-volonteriv.html
Hackers attacked the Czech Radio Site on the day of the conference in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3726386-hakeri-atakuvali-sajt-ceskogo-radio-v-den-provedenna-konferencii-po-ukraini.html
The gas explosion in Kiev: three dead, the number of victims increased to 9
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3726361-u-kievi-do-8-zrosla-kilkist-postrazdalih-unaslidok-vibuhu-v-16tipoverhivci.html
Money and investors: Schmigal summed up the Conference on Recovery in London
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726363-grosi-ta-investori-smigal-pidbiv-pidsumki-konferencii-z-vidnovlenna-u-londoni.html
President Zelensky: A briefing was held for partner countries regarding the situation at the ...
https://t.me/V_Zelenskiy_official/6672
Ukrainian "Mavka" will release in Bulgaria
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3726371-ukrainska-mavka-vijde-u-prokat-u-bolgarii.html
In Kharkiv shown choreographic performance "In C" - dancers rehearsed in Zoom
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3726369-u-harkovi-pokazali-horeograficnu-vistavu-in-c-tancivniki-repetiruvali-u-zoom.html
The law on the ban on the import of books from the Russian Federation and Belarus will strengthen the position of the Ukrainian language - Kremin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3726370-zakon-pro-zaboronu-na-vvezenna-knig-z-rf-i-bilorusi-posilit-pozicii-ukrainskoi-movi-kremin.html
Time devoted to the cover and article of Zelensky's plan to defeat Putin's propaganda
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726379-time-prisvativ-obkladinku-i-stattu-planu-zelenskogo-peremogti-propagandu-putina.html
The Coordination Headquarters presented the concept of the system of recovery from captivity of defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-prezentuvaly-konczepcziyu-systemy-vidnovlennya-zvilnenyh-z-polonu-zahysnykiv/
42 places of maintenance of the Ukrainian military in the Russian Federation are known - human rights activists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726355-vidomo-pro-42-misca-utrimanna-ukrainskih-vijskovih-na-teritorii-rf-pravozahisniki.html
The High Council of Justice dismissed the judge Volkov, who released the commander of Berkut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726373-visa-rada-pravosudda-zvilnila-suddu-volkovu-aka-vidpustila-komandira-berkuta.html
Shoiga stated that Russia would create a "reserve army" by the end of June
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726374-sojgu-zaaviv-so-rosia-do-kinca-cervna-stvorit-rezervnu-armiu.html
There were mines in the occupied Zaporizhzhya NPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726375-na-teritorii-okupovanoi-zaporizkoi-aes-buli-mini-magate.html
Potentially dangerous Russians in the West should be under the close supervision of special services - Peter Paul
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726377-potencijno-nebezpecni-rosiani-na-zahodi-maut-buti-pid-pilnim-nagladom-specsluzb-petr-pavel.html
Ukraine was expelled from the list of applicants for Expo-2030
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726381-ukrainu-viklucili-zi-spisku-pretendentiv-na-provedenna-expo2030.html
Hungary actually holds the captivity of the Ukrainian soldiers whom the Russian Federation was handed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726380-ugorsina-fakticno-trimae-u-poloni-ukrainskih-vijskovih-akih-ij-peredala-rf-lubinec.html
Demanding one hectare of agricultural land in Ukraine costs up to $ 1500 - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726384-rozminuvanna-odnogo-gektaru-silskogospodarskoi-zemli-v-ukraini-kostue-do-1500-ekspert.html
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine is almost 100% convinced that Russia will leave the "grain agreement" in July
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726385-u-mzs-ukraini-majze-na-100-vpevneni-so-rosia-vijde-iz-zernovogo-koridoru-v-lipni.html
US and India have agreed on the importance of a meal recovery of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726549-ssa-ta-india-pogodilisa-sodo-vazlivosti-postvoennogo-vidnovlenna-ukraini.html
In the National Council for consideration of about ten more applications from online media for registration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726387-u-nacradi-na-rozgladi-se-blizko-desati-zaavok-vid-onlajnmedia-na-reestraciu.html
After the war, Ukraine can become one of the leaders of "green" metallurgy in the world - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726389-po-vijni-ukraina-moze-stati-odnim-iz-lideriv-zelenoi-metalurgii-u-sviti-ekspert.html
On a submarine near Titanic, oxygen is over
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726390-na-pidvodnomu-covni-poblizu-titanika-zakincivsa-kisen-zmi.html
NGOs counted over 10,000 Ukrainian prisoners of war in Russian prisons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726391-gromadski-organizacii-narahuvali-ponad-10-tisac-ukrainskih-vijskovopolonenih-u-vaznicah-rf.html
Romanian Prime Minister condemned the collaboration of the balance on undermining the bridge in jugguleshta
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726393-premer-rumunii-zasudiv-slova-kolaboranta-saldo-pro-pidriv-mostu-v-dzurdzulestah.html
Ukraine actually captures the forced movement of children to Russia - Lubin.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726395-ukraina-fakticno-sodna-fiksue-primusove-peremisenna-ditej-do-rosii-lubinec.html
IFC will help with the modernization of the fleet of Ukrainian Danube Shipping
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726396-ifc-dopomoze-z-modernizacieu-flotu-ukrainskogo-dunajskogo-paroplavstva.html
Ukrainian Luzan and Tereti won gold medals at European Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726397-ukrainki-luzan-i-tereta-zdobuli-zoloti-medali-na-evropejskih-igrah.html
Rowers Kukharyk and Trunov won the second "gold" for Ukraine at European Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726401-vesluvalniki-kuharik-i-trunov-zdobuli-druge-zoloto-dla-ukraini-na-evropejskih-igrah.html
Ukraine launches the We Build Ukraine initiative to unite international partners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726406-ukraina-zapuskae-iniciativu-we-build-ukraine-dla-obednanna-miznarodnih-partneriv.html
PrivatBank begins a large -scale update of the reception network with card
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726450-privatbank-rozpocinae-postupove-onovlenna-merezi-ekvajringu.html
In Latvia banned election agitation in Russian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726409-u-latvii-zaboronili-peredviborcu-agitaciu-rosijskou-movou.html
In two districts of Dnipropetrovsk region without water over 200 thousand people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726410-u-dvoh-rajonah-dnipropetrovsini-bez-vodi-ponad-200-tisac-ludej.html
There is no infection outbreaks in Odessa, but the water condition is still unsatisfactory
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726413-na-odesini-spalahiv-infekcii-nemae-ale-stan-vodi-dosi-nezadovilnij.html
Bucha, Makariv, Vyshgorod: The first open bidding was announced for the reconstruction of the destroyed housing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726414-buca-makariv-visgorod-ogolosili-persi-vidkriti-torgi-na-vidbudovu-zrujnovanogo-zitla.html
Turkish contractors participate in 50 projects in Ukraine worth $ 3.2 billion - Foreign Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726405-turecki-pidradniki-berut-ucast-u-50-proektah-v-ukraini-na-sumu-32-milarda-mzs.html
Naussed urged the EU to make a "rose" to a new package of sanctions against the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726417-nauseda-zaklikav-es-vnesti-rosatom-do-novogo-paketu-sankcij-proti-rf.html
In Kherson region, the invaders formed special groups to hide the bodies of the dead - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726548-na-hersonsini-zagarbniki-sformuvali-specgrupi-sob-shovati-tila-zagiblih-zelenskij.html
Visa and Mastercard plan to raise the cost of services during the war - business has addressed power
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726416-visa-i-mastercard-planuut-pidnati-vartist-poslug-pid-cas-vijni-biznes-zvernuvsa-do-vladi.html
The Ministry of Economy plans to return 80% of polluted and replaced land in 10 years to use for 10 years
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726422-minekonomiki-planue-za-10-rokiv-povernuti-do-vikoristanna-80-zabrudnenih-ta-zaminovanih-zemel.html
OP told about Russia's attempts to hit the daggers on the dam in Kryvyi Rih
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726429-v-op-rozpovili-pro-sprobi-rosii-vdariti-kindzalami-po-dambi-u-krivomu-rozi.html
Foreign Ministry and UNESCO representatives discussed the initiative of the Conference on Recovery of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3726423-mzs-i-predstavniki-unesko-obgovorili-iniciativu-provedenna-konferencii-z-vidnovlenna-ukraini.html
Kostevich won the "bronze" of European games in shooting with a pneumatic pistol from 10 meters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726427-kostevic-zdobula-bronzu-evropejskih-igor-u-strilbi-z-pnevmaticnogo-pistoleta-z-10-metriv.html
Since the beginning of the war UKrana received from the EIB about $ 1.7 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726428-z-pocatku-vijni-ukrana-otrimala-vid-eib-blizko-17-milarda.html
Romania supports Ukraine's membership in NATO - Dmytro Kuleba
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/rumuniya-pidtrymuye-chlenstvo-ukrayiny-v-nato-dmytro-kuleba/
Read the real Ukrinform!
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726434-citajte-spravznij-ukrinform.html
Canadian Cameco experts will help develop the Ukrainian Uranus Industry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726435-fahivci-kanadskoi-cameco-dopomozut-rozvivati-ukrainsku-uranovu-galuz.html
In the Carpathians after bad weather strengthen the shore of Cheremosh
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726436-v-karpatah-pisla-negodi-ukripluut-bereg-ceremosa.html
Russia will be warned of the consequences of a possible terrorist attack on the ZPP - Dmitry Kuleb
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726437-rosiu-poperedat-pro-naslidki-mozlivogo-teraktu-na-zaes-dmitro-kuleba.html
Russians created more than 15 camps in Luhansk region for their soldiers who refuse to fight
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726129-rosiani-stvorili-na-lugansini-bils-ak-15-taboriv-dla-svoih-soldativ-aki-vidmovlautsa-vouvati.html
In Chernivtsi, a photo exhibition of Mariupol monuments destroyed by the Russians opened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726433-u-cernivcah-vidkrilasa-fotovistavka-znisenih-rosianami-pamatok-mariupola.html
In Ukraine tomorrow will work a single register of weapons - explanation of an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726444-v-ukraini-zavtra-zapracue-edinij-reestr-zbroi-rozasnenna-eksperta.html
Chubarov: The invaders are confused, undermining the Chongar bridge greatly complicated their logistics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3726443-cubarov-zagarbniki-rozgubleni-pidriv-congarskogo-mostu-duze-uskladniv-ihnu-logistiku.html
ATACAMS missiles for Ukraine: Kuleba told about the dialogue with the states
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726440-raketi-atacams-dla-ukraini-kuleba-rozpoviv-pro-dialog-zi-statami.html
The Ministry of Defense calls for communities to actively participate in reconstruction processes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726446-minvidnovlenna-zaklikae-gromadi-do-aktivnoi-ucasti-u-procesah-vidbudovi.html
Energoatom proposes to change the license of operation of reactorial installations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726447-energoatom-proponue-zminiti-umovi-licenzii-ekspluatacii-reaktornih-ustanovok-zaes.html
The invaders increase the air defense forces in Azovstal - Andryushchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726451-zagarbniki-narosuut-sili-ppo-na-azovstali-andrusenko.html
Georgia President has pardoned the prisoner CEO of the Main Opposition TV channel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726550-prezidentka-gruzii-pomiluvala-uvaznenogo-gendirektora-golovnogo-opozicijnogo-telekanalu.html
Biden met with Prime Minister of India - will talk about the war in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726452-bajden-zustrivsa-z-premerom-indii-govoritimut-j-pro-vijnu-v-ukraini.html
Ukraine presented a vision of the development of the health care system by 2030
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726453-ukraina-prezentuvala-bacenna-rozvitku-sistemi-ohoroni-zdorova-do-2030-roku.html
The Ministry of Health gave advice to Ukrainians what to do in the event of a radiation accident
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726454-moz-dalo-poradi-ukraincam-so-robiti-v-razi-radiacijnoi-avarii.html
The state of health of the Crimean Tatars Nariman Jelya and Asana Akhtemov deteriorates - Lubinets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3726458-stan-zdorova-krimskih-tatar-narimana-dzelala-ta-asana-ahtemova-pogirsuetsa-lubinec.html
Ukrainian karatist Filipov won the bronze award of European games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726460-ukrainskij-karatist-filipov-zdobuv-bronzovu-nagorodu-evropejskih-igor.html
Ukraine's desire to start negotiating membership this year is a powerful incentive for reform - EU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726462-bazanna-ukraini-rozpocati-peregovori-sodo-clenstva-vze-cogo-roku-e-potuznim-stimulom-reform-es.html
The counter -offensive will happen "like in the fall" - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726461-kontrnastup-vidbuvatimetsa-ak-voseni-zelenskij.html
Chubarov told about events for the Crimean Tatar flag
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3726464-krimskotatarskij-prapor-stane-simvolom-obednanna-usih-etnicnih-spilnot-u-krimu-cubarov.html
In Ukraine tomorrow keeps the heat - mainly without precipitation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726345-v-ukraini-zavtra-utrimaetsa-speka-perevazno-bez-opadiv.html
PACE supported the formula of Zelensky peace and Ukraine's accession to NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726463-pare-uhvalila-rezoluciu-pro-povnu-pidtrimku-mirnogo-planu-zelenskogo.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station and new security doctrine: President held a meeting with the Ministry of Internal Affairs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726466-kahovska-ges-ta-nova-bezpekova-doktrina-prezident-proviv-naradu-z-glavou-mvs.html
Defense forces struck 23 art units, communication units and the management point of the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726471-sili-oboroni-urazili-23-artpidrozdili-vuzli-zvazku-ta-punkt-upravlinna-rosian.html
Damage from Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power Plant can reach hundreds of billions of hryvnias - minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726473-zbitki-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-mozut-sagnuti-soten-milardiv-griven-ministr.html
Investments in Ukraine's reconstruction - the government presented organic cases of the international community
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726477-investicii-u-vidbudovu-ukraini-urad-predstaviv-organicni-kejsi-miznarodnij-spilnoti.html
Defense forces continue to step on the Melitopol and Berdyansk directions - a painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726476-sili-oboroni-prodovzuut-nastupati-na-melitopolskomu-ta-berdanskomu-napramkah-malar.html
The UN has added Russia to the List of Shame for Murdering Children in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726480-oon-vnesla-rosiu-do-spisku-ganbi-za-vbivstva-ditej-v-ukraini-op.html
Zelensky dismissed the Ambassador of Ukraine to Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726482-zelenskij-zvilniv-posla-ukraini-v-bilorusi.html
Ukraine won the Gold of European Games-2023 in water jumps
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726483-ukraina-vigrala-zoloto-evropejskih-igor2023-v-stribkah-u-vodu.html
As a result of flooding, Ukraine can lose up to 70% of forest plantations in the south
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726484-vnaslidok-pidtoplenna-ukraina-moze-vtratiti-do-70-lisovih-nasadzen-na-pivdni.html
Kuleba: In Vilnius a step towards Ukraine's membership in NATO will be taken, the question is how long
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726448-kuleba-u-vilnusi-krok-do-clenstva-ukraini-v-nato-bude-zroblenij-pitanna-naskilki-dovgij.html
The PACE approved the resolution on the non-admission of athletes from Russia and Belarus to the 2024 Olympics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726486-pare-uhvalila-rezoluciu-pro-nedopusk-sportsmeniv-z-rosii-ta-bilorusi-na-olimpiadu2024.html
Air Force warn of the Five Honney Strategic Bombers Tu-95
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726528-povitrani-sili-poperedzaut-pro-vilit-pati-vorozih-strategicnih-bombarduvalnikiv-tu95.html
The invaders hit the Kryvyi Rih district at night, 10 houses were damaged
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/okupanty-vnochi-vdaryly-po-kryvorizkomu-rajonu-poshkodzheno-10-budynkiv/
Switzerland will provide Ukraine with more than $ 1.3 million for demining territories
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726488-svejcaria-nadast-ukraini-ponad-13-miljona-na-rozminuvanna-teritorij.html
EU plans to cancel Hungary some positions of the last package of sanctions against Russia - Bloomberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726490-es-planue-skasuvati-dla-ugorsini-deaki-pozicii-ostannogo-paketa-sankcij-proti-rosii-bloomberg.html
Promotion of Defense Forces in Tavriya direction: The enemy lost more than three mouths
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726493-prosuvanna-sil-oboroni-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-vorog-vtrativ-ponad-tri-roti.html
War is the main obstacle in preparing Ukraine for EU membership - European Commissioner
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726495-vijna-e-golovnou-pereskodou-u-pidgotovci-ukraini-do-clenstva-v-es-evrokomisar.html
The Karatist Terluga brought Ukraine the fourth "gold" at European Games 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726496-karatistka-terluga-prinesla-ukraini-cetverte-zoloto-na-evropejskih-igrah2023.html
In Kherson the water level has dropped to nine centimeters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726498-u-hersoni-riven-vodi-znizivsa-do-devati-santimetriv.html
Ukrenergo tests new software for substations from the American company
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726497-ukrenergo-testue-nove-programne-zabezpecenna-dla-pidstancij-vid-amerikanskoi-kompanii.html
Japan has increased the number of Embassy staff in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726499-aponia-zbilsila-kilkist-spivrobitnikiv-posolstva-v-ukraini.html
Grain Agreement and Humanitarian Aid: Reznikov spoke with Turkey's Defense Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726501-zernova-ugoda-ta-gumanitarna-dopomoga-reznikov-pogovoriv-z-ministrom-oboroni-tureccini.html
Since the beginning of the year, customs officers have found violations of ₴ 4.3 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726502-z-pocatku-roku-mitniki-viavili-porusen-na-43-milarda.html
In Lviv, stamps were extinguished in honor of the fallen Ukrainian border guards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726508-u-lvovi-pogasili-marki-na-cest-poleglih-ukrainskih-prikordonnikiv.html
Tasheva told about the Crimean Tatar flag - a symbol of resistance of the peninsula since 2014
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3726509-taseva-rozpovila-pro-krimskotatarskij-prapor-simvol-sprotivu-pivostrova-z-2014-roku.html
Morshyn opened a shelter for women who suffered from domestic violence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726512-u-morsini-vidkrili-prihistok-dla-zinok-aki-postrazdali-vid-domasnogo-nasilstva.html
The situation at the Zaporozhye NPP is stable: the head of the Ova has published an appeal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726515-situacia-na-zaporizkij-aes-stabilna-golova-ova-opriludniv-zvernenna.html
CHE-2023 Among Youth: Starting Victory of England and Switzerland football players
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726516-ce2023-sered-molodi-startovi-peremogi-futbolistiv-anglii-ta-svejcarii.html
In the fall, the single register of weapons integrate with "action" - Deputy Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726517-voseni-edinij-reestr-zbroi-integruut-z-dieu-zastupnik-ministra.html
In Odessa, a man threw a strand from the children - she exploded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726519-v-odesi-colovik-kinuv-u-ditej-strajkbolnu-granatu-vona-vibuhnula.html
Biden and fashion have declared a willingness to join forces for peace in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726523-bajden-i-modi-vislovili-gotovnist-obednati-zusilla-dla-miru-v-ukraini.html
Ukraine expects that States and Canada will be the first to pass confiscated assets of the Russian Federation - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726526-ukraina-ocikue-so-stati-ta-kanada-persimi-peredadut-konfiskovani-aktivi-rf-smigal.html
The Russians sent 18 billion cubic meters of uncontrolled water - the head of the Kherson Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726525-rosiani-napravili-na-nas-18-milardiv-kubometriv-nekontrolovanoi-vodi-golova-hersonskoi-ova.html
Protection of Ukrainians from Air Threats: Alexei Reznikov discussed the prospects of the project with the Minister of Defense of Israel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/zahyst-ukrayincziv-vid-zagroz-z-povitrya-oleksij-reznikov-obgovoryv-iz-ministrom-oborony-izrayilyu-perspektyvy-proyektu/
Air Force warn of the Five Honney Strategic Bombers Tu-95
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726528-povitrani-sili-poperedzaut-pro-vilit-pati-vorozih-strategicnih-bombarduvalnikiv-tu95.html
Ukrainian judo players will perform at the British stage of the European Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726531-ukrainski-dzudoistki-vistuplat-na-britanskomu-etapi-kubka-evropi.html
Already 20 NATO member states support Ukraine's integration into the Alliance - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726530-vze-20-derzavcleniv-nato-pidtrimuut-integraciu-ukraini-do-alansu-smigal.html
Revenues from arrested Russian assets will be transferred to Ukraine's reconstruction - Shurma
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726532-dohodi-vid-arestovanih-rosijskih-aktiviv-peredavatimut-na-vidbudovu-ukraini-surma.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: The Government plans to publish the World Bank report on the losses caused by Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726533-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-urad-planue-opublikuvati-zvit-svitovogo-banku-sodo-zbitkiv-zavdanih-rosieu.html
Freedoms of submarines found near Titanic - media were found
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726535-znajdeni-ulamki-submarini-so-znikla-poblizu-titanika-zmi.html
Everyone who closed his eyes on the occupation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726540-usi-hto-zaplusiv-oci-na-okupaciu-zaes-rosieu-fakticno-spriaut-teroru-zelenskij.html
Pentagon received a request from Denmark for the Ukrainian Pilots preparation program on F-16
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726536-pentagon-otrimav-zapit-vid-danii-na-programu-pidgotovki-ukrainskih-pilotiv-na-f16.html
Zelensky instructed Klimenko to carry out an explanatory work with the population on the risks of the ZPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726541-zelenskij-doruciv-klimenku-provesti-rozasnuvalnu-robotu-z-naselennam-sodo-rizikiv-na-zaes.html
To reduce the voltage between Kosovo and Serbia EU proposes to hold new local elections
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726542-dla-znizenna-naprugi-miz-kosovo-i-serbieu-es-proponue-provesti-novi-miscevi-vibori.html
The President on the Situation of the ZPP: The world must know and act
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726543-prezident-pro-situaciu-na-zaes-svit-povinen-znati-ta-diati.html
Pentagon has not confirmed the US involvement in the planning of blows on bridges in the Crimean area
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3726545-pentagon-ne-pidtverdiv-pricetnist-ssa-do-planuvanna-udariv-po-mostah-v-rajoni-krimu.html
The Ukrainian national team started at the European Cadet Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726546-zbirna-ukraini-z-dzudo-startuvala-na-cempionati-evropi-sered-kadetiv.html
Zelensky announced new steps for the spiritual independence of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726547-zelenskij-anonsuvav-novi-kroki-dla-duhovnoi-nezaleznosti-ukraini.html
US and India have agreed on the importance of a meal recovery of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726549-ssa-ta-india-pogodilisa-sodo-vazlivosti-postvoennogo-vidnovlenna-ukraini.html
In Kherson region, the invaders formed special groups to hide the bodies of the dead - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726548-na-hersonsini-zagarbniki-sformuvali-specgrupi-sob-shovati-tila-zagiblih-zelenskij.html
Georgia President has pardoned the prisoner CEO of the Main Opposition TV channel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726550-prezidentka-gruzii-pomiluvala-uvaznenogo-gendirektora-golovnogo-opozicijnogo-telekanalu.html
Kuleba: In Vilnius a step towards Ukraine's membership in NATO will be taken, the question is how long
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726448-kuleba-u-vilnusi-krok-do-clenstva-ukraini-v-nato-bude-zroblenij-pitanna-naskilki-dovgij.html
At night the enemy attacked the objects of critical infrastructure of Ukraine: 6 rockets and 3 Shahd did not reach the goals
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/vnochi-vorog-atakuvav-obyekty-krytychnoyi-infrastruktury-ukrayiny-6-raket-i-3-shahed-ne-dosyagly-czilej/
"The captives testify to the fear of the invaders in front of Western equipment and the level of our possession" - Valery Shershn
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/poloneni-svidchat-pro-strah-okupantiv-pered-zahidnoyu-tehnikoyu-ta-rivnem-nashogo-volodinnya-neyu-valerij-shershen/
Most in the Land Forces and Air Force: Sergey Naev told how many women serve in the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/najbilshe-u-suhoputnyh-vijskah-ta-povitryanyh-sylah-sergij-nayev-rozpoviv-skilky-zhinok-sluzhyt-u-zsu/
Kirill Budanov participated in the meeting of the coordination headquarters on the investigation of military crimes of the Russian Federation in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/kyrylo-budanov-vzyav-uchast-v-zasidanni-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-z-pytan-rozsliduvannya-voyennyh-zlochyniv-rf-v-ukrayini/
Ukrainian judo players will perform at the British stage of the European Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726531-ukrainski-dzudoistki-vistuplat-na-britanskomu-etapi-kubka-evropi.html
Water purifiers, generators and building: Japan will support Ukraine in overcoming the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/ochyshhuvachi-vody-generatory-ta-budtehnika-yaponiya-pidtrymaye-ukrayinu-u-podolanni-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
The United Kingdom will teach Ukrainian courses in virtual reality
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/velyka-brytaniya-navchatyme-ukrayinskyh-moryakiv-kursantiv-u-virtualnij-realnosti/
The National Guards took part in 35 countertops, 60 people were transferred to the SBU for inspection - Mykola Urshalovich
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/naczgvardijczi-vzyaly-uchast-u-35-kontrdyversijnyh-zahodah-60-osib-peredano-sbu-dlya-perevirky-mykola-urshalovych/
An explosion of the house in Kiev: at the site of the tragedy there is a parser
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/vybuh-budynku-v-kyyevi-dvoye-zagyblyh-ta-shhe-pyatero-osib-travmovano-oleksandr-horunzhyj/
Russia is considering a terrorist attack at the Zaporizhzhya NPP with radiation release, the world must act - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/rosiya-rozglyadaye-sczenarij-teraktu-na-zaporizkij-aes-z-vykydom-radiacziyi-svit-povynen-diyaty-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Already 20 NATO member states support Ukraine's integration into the Alliance - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726530-vze-20-derzavcleniv-nato-pidtrimuut-integraciu-ukraini-do-alansu-smigal.html
In one battle, the National Guards destroyed up to 30 invaders and captured the captive - Mykola Urshalovich
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/v-odnomu-boyu-naczgvardijczi-znyshhyly-do-30-okupantiv-i-zahopyly-polonenogo-mykola-urshalovych/
Ukraine has received over UAH 700 million for mine partners - Sergey Reva -
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/ukrayina-otrymala-ponad-700-miljoniv-gryven-na-rozminuvannya-vid-inozemnyh-partneriv-sergij-reva/
There are 14 evacuation points of the SES - Alexander Khorunzhi in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/na-hersonshhyni-praczyuye-14-evakuaczijnyh-punktiv-dsns-oleksandr-horuzhnyj/
During the large-scale invasion of the Russian Federation Cert-UA, more than 3000 cyberattacks-Vladimir Kondrashov worked out
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/za-chas-shyrokomasshtabnogo-vtorgnennya-rf-cert-ua-opraczyuvala-ponad-3000-kiberatak-volodymyr-kondrashov/
Ukraine is doing everything possible to bring all ours back: both prisoners of war and civilian hostages - coordination
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/ukrayina-robyt-use-mozhlyve-shhoby-povernuty-vsih-nashyh-yak-vijskovopolonenyh-tak-i-czyvilnyh-zaruchnykiv-koordshtab/
SBU's military counterintelligence in less than a week destroyed 21 units of enemy equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/vijskovi-kontrrozvidnyky-sbu-mensh-nizh-za-tyzhden-znyshhyly-21-odynyczyu-vorozhoyi-tehniky/
Dmytro Kuleba spent the first meeting with the new Turkish Foreign Ministry
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/dmytro-kuleba-proviv-pershu-zustrich-z-novym-glavoyu-mzs-turechchyny/
Revenues from arrested Russian assets will be transferred to Ukraine's reconstruction - Shurma
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3726532-dohodi-vid-arestovanih-rosijskih-aktiviv-peredavatimut-na-vidbudovu-ukraini-surma.html
Hacker letters with pseudones: In the State Secret ’ Language told about the spy campaign by the Russian General Staff
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/hakerski-lysty-z-psevdonovynamy-u-derzhspeczzvyazku-rozpovily-pro-shpygunsku-kampaniyu-z-boku-rosijskogo-genshtabu/
The Center for Combating Misinformation reports fakes that Russians spread last day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/czentr-protydiyi-dezinformacziyi-povidomlyaye-pro-fejky-yaki-rosiyany-poshyryuvaly-mynuloyi-doby-2/
During the week the NSU Operation Units neutralized 210 invaders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/protyagom-tyzhnya-pidrozdily-operpryznachennya-ngu-zneshkodyly-210-okupantiv/
Aviation of the Armed Forces of Ukraine per day struck 18 beats in areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/aviacziya-zsu-za-dobu-zavdala-18-udariv-po-rajonah-skupchennya-voroga/
Detained Russian informant who "hunted" on Bradley and Leopard
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/zatrymano-rosijskogo-informatora-yakyj-polyuvav-na-bradley-ta-leopard/
The Defense Ministry has started entering the first food supply contracts for the new procedure
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/minoborony-pochalo-ukladaty-pershi-dogovory-na-postachannya-produktiv-harchuvannya-dlya-zcu-za-novoyu-proczeduroyu/
As a result of the shelling of Russian Ukraine, a civilian was killed and 14 were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/vnaslidok-obstriliv-rosarmiyeyu-ukrayiny-zagynulo-czyvilna-osoba-ta-14-poraneno/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
The EU has provided to Ukraine another 1.5 billion euros of macro -financial assistance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/yes-nadav-ukrayini-shhe-15-milyarda-yevro-makrofinansovoyi-dopomogy/
Ukrainian pyrotechnics per day neutralized 363 explosive objects
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/ukrayinski-pirotehniky-za-dobu-zneshkodyly-363-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmety/
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: The Government plans to publish the World Bank report on the losses caused by Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726533-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-urad-planue-opublikuvati-zvit-svitovogo-banku-sodo-zbitkiv-zavdanih-rosieu.html
Estonia has approved a new package of military assistance to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/estoniya-shvalyla-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-ukrayini/
The President of Ukraine has invited the organization of US states to realize the formula of peace
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/prezydent-ukrayiny-zaprosyv-organizacziyu-amerykanskyh-derzhav-do-realizacziyi-formuly-myru/
Dmitry Kuleb during a conversation with Jens Stoltenberg: Ukraine is an asset for NATO and will make it stronger
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/dmytro-kuleba-pid-chas-rozmovy-z-yensom-stoltenbergom-ukrayina-ye-aktyvom-dlya-nato-i-zrobyt-jogo-sylnishym/
Briefing of representatives of the Safety and Defense Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/bryfing-predstavnykiv-syl-bezpeky-ta-oborony-ukrayiny-10/
Drone Army: Manufacturers of 40 Ukrainian drones received state contracts
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/armiya-droniv-vyrobnyky-40-ukrayinskyh-bezpilotnykiv-otrymaly-derzhavni-kontrakty/
In the Black Sea, Russia brought out a rocket carrier without "calibers"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/u-chorne-more-rosiya-vyvela-raketonosij-bez-kalibriv/
A decrease in water level reached almost a meter mark
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/znyzhennya-rivnya-vody-dosyaglo-majzhe-metrovoyi-poznachky/
SES units are neutralizing almost 500 explosive items daily - Sergey Reva
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/pidrozdily-dsns-shhodenno-zneshkodzhuyut-majzhe-500-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-sergij-reva/
Volodymyr Zelensky noted state awards over a hundred military personnel of the Armed Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/volodymyr-zelenskyj-vidznachyv-derzhavnymy-nagorodamy-ponad-sotnyu-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-zs-ukrayiny/
Russian hackers hunt for personal data of Ukrainians - Vladimir Kondrashov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/rosijski-hakery-polyuyut-na-personalni-dani-ukrayincziv-volodymyr-kondrashov/
During the last day, the Russians have stacked rocket and 44 aviation blows in Ukraine - are dead and injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-rosiyany-zavdaly-raketnogo-ta-44-aviaczijnyh-udariv-po-ukrayini-ye-zagybli-ta-poraneni/
Freedoms of submarines found near Titanic - media were found
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726535-znajdeni-ulamki-submarini-so-znikla-poblizu-titanika-zmi.html
An additional UAH 2 billion in the Armed Forces proposes to refer the VRU Budget Committee
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/dodatkovo-2-mlrd-gryven-na-zsu-proponuye-spryamuvaty-komitet-z-pytan-byudzhetu-vru/
RF hackers changed tactics: from destruction to espionage and data theft
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/hakery-rf-zminyly-taktyku-vid-znyshhennya-do-shpygunstva-i-kradizhky-danyh/
The ICCH will not stop working with prisoners of war, for which the "sentences" of Russian courts have already been issued
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/mkchh-ne-zupynyatyme-robotu-z-vijskovopolonenymy-stosovno-yakyh-vzhe-vyneseni-vyroky-rosijskyh-sudiv/
Vladimir Kondrashov: Russians combine cyberattacks with information and psychological operations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/volodymyr-kondrashov-rosiyany-obyednuyut-kiberataky-z-informaczijno-psyhologichnymy-operacziyamy/
Russian troops can apply reserves to keep occupied borders - Military Media Center
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/rosijski-vijska-mozhut-zastosuvaty-rezervy-dlya-utrymannya-zajmanyh-rubezhiv-military-media-center/
European colleagues promptly assisted to eliminate the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/yevropejski-kolegy-operatyvno-nadaly-dopomogu-dlya-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-oleksandr-horunzhyj/
Commissioners from religious organizations elected the Chairman of the Interfaith Council for Military Chaplaincy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/upovnovazheni-vid-religijnyh-organizaczij-obraly-golovu-mizhkonfesijnoyi-rady-z-pytan-vijskovogo-kapelanstva/
Guards soldiers destroyed the winged X-101 rocket and UAV Shahd-136
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/voyiny-gvardijczi-znyshhyly-krylatu-raketu-h-101-ta-bpla-shahed-136/
Heavy fighting in Donetsk: More than 20 clashes took place during the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/na-donechchyni-tryvayut-vazhki-boyi-protyagom-doby-vidbulos-ponad-20-zitknen/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: Almost 95,000 military crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-majzhe-95-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
Everyone who closed his eyes on the occupation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726540-usi-hto-zaplusiv-oci-na-okupaciu-zaes-rosieu-fakticno-spriaut-teroru-zelenskij.html
Outbreaks of viral diseases are recorded in the temporarily captured territory of Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/na-hersonshhyni-cherez-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-vidznachayut-spalahy-virusnyh-zahvoryuvan/
He managed rocket strokes on Ukraine's energy sites - the commander of the Bombard Division of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation is suspected
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/keruvav-raketnymy-udaramy-po-energetychnyh-obyektah-ukrayiny-pidozryuyetsya-komandyr-bombarduvalnoyi-dyviziyi-zs-rf/
Ukrainian aviation per day made 11 blows on the personnel and SCRs of the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/ukrayinska-aviacziya-za-dobu-zavdala-11-udariv-po-osobovomu-skladu-ta-zrk-voroga/
We do not destroy infrastructure, but the plans of the enemy - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/my-rujnuyemo-ne-infrastrukturu-a-plany-voroga-nataliya-gumenyuk/
The Verkhovna Rada's apparatus was transferred to humanitarian aid to Kherson residents
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/aparat-verhovnoyi-rady-peredav-gumanitarnu-dopomogu-meshkanczyam-hersonshhyny/
In Kharkiv region, the units of defense forces landed enemy UAV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/na-harkivshhyni-pidrozdily-syl-oborony-pryzemlyly-vorozhyj-bpla/
At the III European Games is the first army "gold"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/na-iii-yevropejskyh-igrah-ye-pershe-armijske-zoloto/
After the release of the Kakhovka reservoir, it is planned to develop a road card of the hydroelectric power station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/pislya-zvilnennya-terytoriyi-kahovskogo-vodoshovyshha-zaplanovano-rozrobyty-dorozhnyu-kartu-rekonstrukcziyi-ges/
Coordination staff experts for native prisoners of defenders of Odesa region conducted online seminars
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/fahivczi-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-dlya-ridnyh-polonenyh-zahysnykiv-odeshhyny-provely-onlajn-seminary/
In the south, our defense forces are ongoing - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/za-potochnu-dobu-sytuacziya-suttyevo-ne-zminylas/
Defense forces reflected more than 40 attacks by Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/syly-oborony-vidbyly-ponad-40-atak-okupantiv/
Pentagon received a request from Denmark for the Ukrainian Pilots preparation program on F-16
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726536-pentagon-otrimav-zapit-vid-danii-na-programu-pidgotovki-ukrainskih-pilotiv-na-f16.html
The PACE advocated the prevention of Russian and Belarusian athletes to the Olympics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/parye-vystupyla-za-nedopushhennya-rosijskyh-i-biloruskyh-sportsmeniv-do-olimpiady/
The President held a meeting with the head of the Ministry of Internal Affairs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/nova-bezpekova-doktryna-prezydent-proviv-naradu-z-glavoyu-mvs/
Violences from violence during the war can get free legal aid
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/postrazhdali-vid-nasylstva-pid-chas-vijny-mozhut-otrymaty-bezoplatnu-pravovu-dopomogu/
The fate of Chongar - Petro Chernika is waiting for the Crimean bridge to be sooner or later - Petro Chernik
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/na-krymskyj-mist-rano-chy-pizno-chekaye-dolya-chongarskogo-petro-chernyk/
Angelica Terluga Army - European Karate Games Champion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/armijka-anzhelika-terlyuga-chempionka-yevropejskyh-igor-z-karate/
The fracture will come when Western aviation appears - Petro Chernik
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/perelom-nastane-koly-zyavytsya-zahidna-aviacziya-petro-chernyk/
The full de-occupation of the Zaporozhye NPP is needed, and anyone who closed their eyes to its occupation by Russia is actually facilitated by terror-President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/potribna-povna-deokupacziya-zaporizkoyi-aes-a-bud-hto-hto-zaplyushhyv-ochi-na-yiyi-okupacziyu-rosiyeyu-faktychno-spryyayut-teroru-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Petro Chernyk: This month there will be a new record of destruction of enemy artillery
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/petro-chernyk-czogo-misyaczya-bude-novyj-rekord-znyshhennya-vorozhoyi-artyleriyi/
“Pamagitu!We have a "300" trial!Ah!” - SBU interception
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/pamagitye-u-nas-tri-300-aaaaa-sbu-perehoplennya/
Short. War. Day 484. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/korotko-vijna-den-484-videodajdzhest/
Zelensky instructed Klimenko to carry out an explanatory work with the population on the risks of the ZPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726541-zelenskij-doruciv-klimenku-provesti-rozasnuvalnu-robotu-z-naselennam-sodo-rizikiv-na-zaes.html
The US Coast Guard confirmed the death of Titan minisunding passengers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726553-beregova-ohorona-ssa-pidtverdila-zagibel-ludej-na-minisubmarini-titan.html
The invaders were fired at the Chernihiv and Sumy region for six times during the day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726552-zagarbniki-uprodovz-dna-sist-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini-ta-sumsini.html
Marta Kostyuk went out to the 1/2 finals of WTA tournament in Birmingham
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726551-marta-kostuk-vijsla-do-12-finalu-turniru-wta-u-birmingemi.html
Marta Kostyuk went out to the 1/2 finals of WTA tournament in Birmingham
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726551-marta-kostuk-vijsla-do-12-finalu-turniru-wta-u-birmingemi.html
The invaders were fired at the Chernihiv and Sumy region for six times during the day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726552-zagarbniki-uprodovz-dna-sist-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini-ta-sumsini.html
The US Coast Guard confirmed the death of Titan minisunding passengers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726553-beregova-ohorona-ssa-pidtverdila-zagibel-ludej-na-minisubmarini-titan.html
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine calls G7 and the European Union to prevent nuclear incident on the ZPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726554-mzs-ukraini-zaklikae-g7-i-evrosouz-ne-dopustiti-adernogo-incidentu-na-zaes.html
由于乌克兰和世界被巩固，反对俄罗斯的侵略
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/23/ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-sluzhba-zovnishnoyi-rozvidky-2/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====