乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-26

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Stroyivka, Kamyanka, Krasnaya Pershe, RedkoDub, Yard ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4893
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske and Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske a...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4894
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Markovo, Grigorivka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4895
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Novokalinova, Avdiivka, Karlovka, Pervomaisky Academy of Sciences ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4896
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Krasnohorivka, Maryinka, Novomykhaylivka and Pobye...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4897
Russian drone hit a house in Marhanets yesterday evening and in the morning shelled Nikopol w...
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/42518
An unexploded aerial bomb FAB-500 was found in the village of Kalinino, Belgorod Region
https://t.me/bazabazon/17956
6 person wounded as result of shelling at Kozinka and Grayvoron border checkpoint yesterday e...
https://t.me/bazabazon/17957
Ukrainian air defense shot down 36 of 36 Shahed drones launched by Russia overnight
https://t.me/kpszsu/2532
PMC Wagner mercenaries reportedly started withdrawal from Bakhmut
https://t.me/concordgroup_official/1040
Donetsk Oblast(09:19). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46484
Zaporizka Oblast(09:41). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46485
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(09:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46486
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanshchyna directions Russian army shelled Khrinivka, Khotyanivka and...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4892
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vodyane, Coal And And Great Novosilka - General ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4898
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4900
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka and Novosilka of Donetsk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4899
Adviser to the Ukrainian President: The counteroffensive will continue to destroy the Russian...
https://twitter.com/AJABreaking/status/1661645494227968001
2 person killed as result of Russian shelling in Raihorodka village of Luhansk region
https://twitter.com/HromadskeRadio/status/1661643384006615040
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(10:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/25189
International Support: The key factor of victory on the legal front is Andrey Kostin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/mizhnarodna-pidtrymka-klyuchovyj-faktor-peremogy-na-pravovomu-fronti-andrij-kostin/
Dormitory of Kherson State University was damaged as result of shelling in Kherson overnight
https://twitter.com/hochu_dodomu/status/1661658466828558340
Donetsk Oblast(11:22). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46493
Explosions and fire reported at airport in Melitopol, Zaporizhzhia region
https://t.me/info_zp/36389
"Russian Volunteer Corps" RDK published new video from Glotovo village of Grayvoron district ...
https://t.me/lachentyt/29670
Foreign states should take measures to protect their citizens in the occupied territories of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/inozemni-derzhavy-mayut-vzhyty-zahodiv-dlya-zahystu-svoyih-gromadyan-na-okupovanyh-terytoriyah-ukrayiny/
"Ukraine and the world - against Russian aggression" - the external intelligence service of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-sluzhba-zovnishnoyi-rozvidky-ukrayiny-4/
106 Ukrainian were released from Russian captivity. These are military personnel from the Bak...
https://t.me/suspilnenews/21044
Sapper units of the Armed Forces of Ukraine in a week neutralized 1,448 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/sapernymy-pidrozdilamy-zs-ukrayiny-za-tyzhden-zneshkodzheno-1448-odynycz-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
Ukraine defense contact group in total has committed nearly $65 billion in security assistance...
https://twitter.com/OstapYarysh/status/1661710268202639373
A drone was shot down near Belgorod, - governor
https://t.me/rusbrief/120266
Medical assistance on the forefront is a key factor in saving the life of servicemen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/medychna-dopomoga-na-peredovij-klyuchovyj-faktor-vryatuvannya-zhyttya-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
Finnish government: We will send more military equipment to Ukraine, including ammunition and...
https://twitter.com/SkyNewsArabia_B/status/1661717368886665216
In Donetsk, it was evacuated from under the hostile fire of four children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/evakuacziya-za-300-metriv-vid-liniyi-frontu/
The United Kingdom stands for strict sanctions against the Russian nuclear industry
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/velyka-brytaniya-vystupaye-za-suvori-sankcziyi-proty-rosijskoyi-yadernoyi-galuzi/
The Ministry of Reintegration will coordinate the compensation for the expenses for displaced persons - the decision of the Government
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/minreintegracziyi-koordynuvatyme-kompensacziyu-vytrat-za-pryhystok-pereselencziv-rishennya-uryadu/
Symbol of stability: a sculpture was installed on Sofia Square in honor of the prisoners from Azovstal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/symvol-stijkosti-skulptura-na-sofijskij-ploshhi-symvolizuye-stijkist-ukrayinskyh-vijskovopolonenyh-z-azovstali/
Russian artillery shelled Nikopol once more today
https://t.me/dnipropetrovskaODA/4830
Educational and defense industries combine efforts to enhance Ukraine's defense capability
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/osvitnya-ta-oboronna-galuzi-obyednuyut-zusyllya-zadlya-posylennya-oboronozdatnosti-ukrayiny/
Zaporizka Oblast(20:01). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46495
Dam at Karlivka water reservoir was damaged as result of shelling. Halytsynivka, Zhelanne-1 a...
https://t.me/info_zp/36417
International donors will provide Ukraine with 17 million euros for housing lending for IDPs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/mizhnarodni-donory-nadadut-ukrayini-17-mln-yevro-na-zhytlove-kredytuvannya-dlya-vpo/
Air defense was active at Morozovsk in Rostov region
https://t.me/rusbrief/120389
Zaporizka Oblast(21:54). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46498
National-patriotic education-in the first place among the priorities of Ukrainian youth
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/naczionalno-patriotychne-vyhovannya-na-pershomu-misczi-sered-priorytetiv-ukrayinskoyi-molodi/
Explosions reported in Berdiansk
https://t.me/info_zp/36428
Governor of Rostov region claims Ukrainian missile was shot down near Morozovsk
https://t.me/rian_ru/203714
A meeting with families of servicemen of the National Guard of Ukraine took place at the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodynamy-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-naczionalnoyi-gvardiyi-ukrayiny/
Chernihivska Oblast(23:07). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18918
Sumska Oblast(23:08). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46501
Poltavska Oblast, Cherkaska Oblast(23:30). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take co...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46503
In the Luhansk region the forces of land landed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/na-luganshhyni-syly-oborony-pryzemlyly-povitryanogo-koreguvalnyka-okupantiv/
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(00:08). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46504
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(00:32). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46505
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(00:44). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/15877
Zaporizka Oblast(00:44). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46508
More than 30 engineering groups of the State Special Service of Transport operate in different regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/bilshe-30-inzhenerno-sapernyh-grup-derzhavnoyi-speczsluzhby-transportu-diyut-u-riznyh-oblastyah-ukrayiny/
Donetsk Oblast(01:07). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46510
Nikolaev, Mykolaiv region, Kherson, Kherson region (01: ZZ). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. WITH...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46512
Odeska Oblast(01:35). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilneodesa/23530
Portugal joined the aviation coalition and is ready to train Ukrainian pilots and mechanics - Dmytro Kuleba
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/portugaliya-pryyednalasya-do-aviaczijnoyi-koalicziyi-gotova-trenuvaty-ukrayinskyh-pilotiv-i-mehanikiv-dmytro-kuleba/
Kyiv, Kyiv Oblast, Cherkaska Oblast(02:01). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take c...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46515
Vinnytsia region, Kirovohrad region, Zhytomyr, Zhytomyr region (02:02). Red Alrt: Aria ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46519
Lviv, Lviv region, Rivne, Rivne region, Khmelnytsky region, Ivano-Frankivsk, Ivano-Frae ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46526
Zakarpattia Oblast(02:48). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46527
The enemy focused on the main effort in five directions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/vorog-zoseredyv-osnovni-zusyllya-na-pyaty-napryamkah-u-doneczkyj-ta-luganskyj-oblastyah/
Defense forces per day destroyed 4 enemy UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/syly-oborony-za-dobu-znyshhyly-4-vorozhi-bpla/
Drone has reportedly exploded in central Krasnodar
https://t.me/breakingmash/44349
Russian invaders promise land on tot
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/yak-vynagorodu-rosijskym-vijskovym-obiczyayut-zemelni-dilyanky-na-tot/
Debris of missiles across Dnipro city after missile attack overnight
https://t.me/dneproperatyv/63678
2 drones reportedly attacked Krasnodar, at least one was shot down
https://t.me/bazabazon/17989
Russian launched Kh-101 missiles at Kyiv overnight, all missiles were shot down
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18922
The invaders export secret military documentation from the Crimea to the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/okupanty-vyvozyat-z-krymu-do-rf-tayemnu-vijskovu-dokumentacziyu/
Enemy loss per day: 500 occupiers were eliminated, 20 artisystems and 3 tanks were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-500-okupantiv-znyshheno-20-artsystem-i-3-tanky/
The air defense forces destroyed 36 of 36 shahd
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/syly-ppo-znyshhyly-36-iz-36-shahed/
Canada handed Ukraine to mine for mine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/kanada-peredala-ukrayini-kostyumy-dlya-rozminuvannya/
The Head of State thanked the Air Forces for a 100 % result
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/glava-derzhavy-podyakuvav-sylam-ppo-za-100-j-rezultat-vidbyttya-nichnoyi-vorozhoyi-ataky/
Iceland has acquired for the Armed Forces of gas station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/islandiya-prydbala-dlya-zsu-benzovozy/
Coordination Staff: Sentences in Russian Courts Prisoners are not an obstacle for exchange
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-vyroky-u-sudah-rf-polonenym-ukrayinczyam-ne-ye-pereponoyu-dlya-obminu/
During the day, rescuers went to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling almost 200 times
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-majzhe-200-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-7/
Briefing of representative of the National University of Defense of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/bryfing-predstavnyka-naczionalnogo-universytetu-oborony-ukrayiny/
The United States has made a decision on the sale of Ukraine anti-aircraft missile system NASAMS
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/ssha-uhvalyly-rishennya-shhodo-prodazhu-ukrayini-zenitno-raketnogo-kompleksu-nasams/
Briefing on the participation of the National Guard in the Removal of Armed Aggression of the Russian Federation against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/bryfing-pro-uchast-naczgvardiyi-u-vidsichi-zbrojnoyi-agresiyi-rf-proty-ukrayiny/
During the day of the Pyrotechnics of the SES, 27 aircraft bombs were neutralized
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-27-aviaczijnyh-bomb/
The FSB saboteur who was preparing underwent a railway track near Avdiivka was detained
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/zatrymano-dyversanta-fsb-yakyj-gotuvav-pidryv-zaliznychnoyi-koliyi-pid-avdiyivkoyu/
Briefing on the transformation of the military education system
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/bryfing-shhodo-transformacziyi-systemy-vijskovoyi-osvity/
More than 60 infrastructure objects have been affected by enemy shelling over the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/ponad-60-obyektiv-infrastruktury-urazheno-vnaslidok-vorozhyh-obstriliv-za-mynulu-dobu/
Military education in Ukraine is provided by a network of military universities - 2 universities, 4 academies and 6 institutes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/vijskovu-osvitu-v-ukrayini-zabezpechuye-merezha-vijskovyh-vyshiv-2-universytety-4-akademiyi-ta-6-instytutiv/
Military Education Reform in Ukraine involves harmonization with NATO's educational programs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/reforma-vijskovoyi-osvity-v-ukrayini-peredbachaye-garmonizacziyu-z-osvitnimy-programamy-nato/
Increased preparation period of interns for the needs of defense forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/zbilsheno-termin-pidgotovky-likariv-interniv-dlya-potreb-syl-oborony/
Nearly a thousand representatives of the Armed Forces took part in the NATO's Military Education Program last year
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/majzhe-tysyachu-predstavnykiv-zsu-vzyaly-uchast-u-programi-nato-z-udoskonalennya-vijskovoyi-osvity-u-mynulomu-roczi/
The system of patronage of NATO member states over military universities is being introduced
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/vprovadzhuyetsya-systema-patronazhu-derzhav-chleniv-nato-nad-vijskovymy-vyshamy/
The Defense Ministry has approved a road card to improve the language training of servicemen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/u-minoborony-zatverdzheno-dorozhnyu-kartu-dlya-udoskonalennya-movnoyi-pidgotovky-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
Terms of entry into military education institutions in 2023
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/terminy-vstupu-do-vijskovyh-zakladiv-osvity-u-2023-roczi/
Guards warriors destroyed 320 invaders, four tanks, artsystem and two ammunition depots
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/voyiny-gvardijczi-znyshhyly-320-okupantiv-chotyry-tanky-artsystemu-ta-dva-sklady-z-boyeprypasamy/
Development of security and defense sector involves the active use of space information technologies
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/rozvytok-sektoru-bezpeky-ta-oborony-peredbachaye-aktyvne-zastosuvannya-kosmichnyh-informaczijnyh-tehnologij/
Introductory campaign for obtaining a professional higher and higher education: Features of the organization in 2023
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/vstupna-kampaniya-dlya-zdobuttya-fahovoyi-peredvyshhoyi-ta-vyshhoyi-osvity-osoblyvosti-organizacziyi-u-2023-roczi/
The National Guard detained two persons on suspicion of treason and diversions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/naczgvardiya-zatrymala-dvoh-osib-za-pidozroyu-v-derzhavnij-zradi-ta-skoyenni-dyversij/
The National Guard trains to act in forest and urbanized areas - Mykola Urshalovich
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/naczgvardiya-trenuyetsya-diyaty-v-lisovij-ta-urbanizovanij-misczevostyah-mykola-urshalovych/
For a week of NSU sappers destroyed more than 300 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/za-tyzhden-sapery-ngu-znyshhyly-ponad-300-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
Anna Malyar: Wagnerivtsi remain in Bakhmut, in the suburbs - regular troops of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/ganna-malyar-vagnerivczi-zalyshayutsya-v-bahmuti-u-peredmisti-regulyarni-vijska-rf/
The educational process of military universities adapts according to the experience of warfare
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/osvitnij-proczes-vijskovyh-vyshiv-adaptuyetsya-vidpovidno-do-dosvidu-vedennya-vijny/
Military Pilot and Cyberfahivtsi are the most popular military specialties last year
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/vijskovyj-pilot-ta-kiberfahivecz-najpopulyarnishi-vijskovi-speczialnosti-mynulogo-roku/
Russia brought out all the rocket launchers from the Black Sea - the Navy of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/rosiya-vyvela-usi-raketonosiyi-z-chornogo-morya-vms-zsu/
It was reported suspicion to the employee of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra, who denied the existence of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-praczivnyku-kyyevo-pecherskoyi-lavry-yakyj-zaperechuvav-isnuvannya-ukrayiny/
British helicopter Sea King is already on the way to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/brytanskyj-gelikopter-sea-king-vzhe-na-shlyahu-do-ukrayiny/
A reliable connection connects Ukrainians, gives our soldiers and Ukraine to be effective in defense - President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/nadijnyj-zvyazok-zyednuye-ukrayincziv-daye-nashym-voyinam-i-ukrayini-zmogu-buty-efektyvnymy-v-oboroni-prezydent/
Will judge the occupiers who robbed civilian apartments during Irpen's occupation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/sudytymut-okupantiv-yaki-grabuvaly-kvartyry-czyvilnyh-pid-chas-okupacziyi-irpenya/
Ukraine returned 106 soldiers from the Russian captivity from the Bakhmut direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/ukrayina-povernula-z-rosijskogo-polonu-106-vijskovyh-z-bahmutskogo-napryamku/
The President of Ukraine awarded the title
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/prezydent-ukrayiny-prysvoyiv-zvannya-brygadnogo-generala-polkovnyku-zsu-oleksiyu-androsovu/
Air Force Commander Air Force awarded the soldiers who defend the sky on the Patriot SCR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/komanduvach-povitryanyh-syl-zsu-nagorodyv-voyiniv-yaki-boronyat-nebo-na-zrk-patriot/
The 15th Annual Security Forum continues in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/u-kyyevi-tryvaye-15-j-shhorichnyj-bezpekovyj-forum/
There is no enemy rocket launcher in the Black Sea now - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/narazi-vorozhyh-raketonosiyiv-u-chornomu-mori-nemaye-nataliya-gumenyuk/
In Moldova, international air defense training "Air Bastion - 2023" began
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/u-moldovi-pochalysya-mizhnarodni-navchannya-protypovitryanoyi-oborony-povitryanyj-bastion-2023/
If we are fighting with medieval barbarism, we need a technological advantage - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/yakshho-my-voyuyemo-iz-serednovichnym-varvarstvom-nam-potribna-tehnologichna-perevaga-ganna-malyar/
"For Courage and Courage": President of Ukraine noted six units of the Armed Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/za-muzhnist-ta-vidvagu-prezydent-ukrayiny-vidznachyv-shist-pidrozdiliv-zbrojnyh-syl-ukrayiny/
Deputy Minister of Defense Anna Malyar took part in the International Conference on Defense and Safety
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/malyar-vzyala-uchast-u-mizhnarodnij-konferencziyi-z-pytan-oborony-ta-bezpeky/
The land of the Ministry of Defense returned a land in Boryspil worth 97.8 million hryvnias
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/do-upravlinnya-minoborony-povernuta-zemelna-dilyanka-u-boryspoli-vartistyu-978-mln-gryven/
We need to learn to protect ourselves first of all - Anna Painter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/my-povynni-navchytysya-zahyshhaty-nasampered-sami-sebe-ganna-malyar/
Finland has sent a new package of military assistance to Ukraine worth € 109 million
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/finlyandiya-napravyla-ukrayini-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-na-sumu-109-mln-yevro/
TCC and JV at the beginning of the war were able to mobilize citizens who rejected the enemy from Kiev and other cities in the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/tczk-ta-sp-na-pochatku-vijny-zmogly-mobilizuvaty-gromadyan-yaki-u-skladi-zsu-vidkynuly-voroga-vid-kyyeva-ta-inshyh-mist/
The President of Ukraine noted the defenders and defenders of state awards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/prezydent-ukrayiny-vidznachyv-zahysnykiv-ta-zahysnycz-derzhavnymy-nagorodamy/
We helped Ukraine protect the sky and not stop doing it - Lloyd Austin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/llojd-ostin-vidkryv-ramshtajn-12-i-nazvav-golovnu-temu-zustrichi/
Lloyd Austin thanked Denmark for continuous support for Ukraine's security needs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/llojd-ostin-podyakuvav-daniyi-za-postijnu-pidtrymku-bezpekovyh-potreb-ukrayiny/
The President of Ukraine met with Swedish Defense Minister
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/prezydent-ukrayiny-proviv-zustrich-iz-ministrom-oborony-shvecziyi/
“The United Europe will never be free without winning free Ukraine”
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/obyednana-yevropa-nikoly-ne-bude-vilnoyu-bez-peremogy-vilnoyi-ukrayiny/
In Bucharest Putin called Ukraine false, now he sees that she is more than real
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/u-buharesti-putin-nazyvav-ukrayinu-nespravzhnoyu-nyni-vin-bachyt-shho-vona-bilsh-nizh-realna/
Australian instructors continue to train Ukrainian recruits in the framework of the Interflex Training Operation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/avstralijski-instruktory-prodovzhuyut-trenuvaty-ukrayinskyh-novobrancziv-u-ramkah-navchalnoyi-operacziyi-interfleks/
Ukraine's victory is the most important factor for the return of peace in Europe - Andrews Kubilus
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/peremoga-ukrayiny-ye-najvazhlyvishym-faktorom-dlya-povernennya-myru-v-yevropi-andryus-kubilyus/
Aviation of Defense Forces has struck 4 beats by the occupants' concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-4-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv/
We will continue to defend Ukraine's sovereign right to live in freedom - Lloyd Austin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/my-j-nadali-budemo-vidstoyuvaty-suverenne-pravo-ukrayiny-zhyty-u-svobodi-llojd-ostin/
17 of the combatants took place in Kupyansk, Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/17-bojovyh-zitknen-vidbulosya-na-kupyanskomu-lymanskomu-bahmutskomu-avdiyivskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah/
It is necessary to help Ukraine win the war - Baiba Brazhe
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/neobhidno-dopomogty-ukrayini-vygraty-vijnu-bajba-brazhe/
The invaders militarized Jarilgach Island and placed 300 military Russian military on it
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/okupanty-militaryzuvaly-ostriv-dzharylgach-ta-rozmistyly-na-nomu-300-vijskovyh-rf/
Starting Ukrainian pilots is an example of our devotion to long -term security of Ukraine - Lloyd Austin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/pochatok-navchannya-ukrayinskyh-pilotiv-ye-prykladom-nashoyi-viddanosti-dovgostrokovij-bezpeczi-ukrayini-llojd-ostin/
There will be no long peace in the world without the victory of Ukraine in this genocide war of the Russian Federation - Anthony Abbott
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/u-sviti-ne-bude-tryvalogo-myru-bez-peremogy-ukrayiny-v-czij-genoczydnij-vijni-rf-entoni-ebbott/
Ukraine activates its foreign policy aimed at the Ukrainian-African Renaissance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/ukrayina-aktyvizuye-svoyu-zovnishnyu-polityku-spryamovanu-na-ukrayinsko-afrykanskyj-renesans/
Commander of the Navy of the Armed Forces of Ukraine met with the commander of the Navy of the Lithuanian Republic
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/komanduvach-vms-zs-ukrayiny-zustrivsya-z-komanduvachem-vijskovo-morskyh-syl-lytovskoyi-respubliky/
Lithuania has announced its next support package to Ukraine at Ramstein's meeting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/lytva-ogolosyla-pro-svij-nastupnyj-paket-pidtrymky-ukrayini-na-zustrichi-u-formati-ramshtajn/
The more Russian prisoners we will take, the more we will return our people - the President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/golovne-zi-zvernennya-prezydenta-ukrayiny-volodymyra-zelenskogo-naprykinczi-456-go-dnya-vijny/
Spiritual reintegration is an important component of recovery of liberated territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/duhovna-reintegracziya-vazhlyva-skladova-vidnovlennya-zvilnenyh-terytorij/
This war in military plan Russia does not win - Mark Millie
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/czyu-vijnu-u-vijskovomu-plani-rosiya-ne-vygraye-mark-milli/
Three thousand Ukrainian athletes are fighting in the Armed Forces, and Russian - prepare for the Olympic Games
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/try-tysyachi-ukrayinskyh-sportsmeniv-voyuyut-u-lavah-zsu-a-predstavnyky-rf-gotuyutsya-do-olimpijskyh-igor/
Alexei Reznikov thanked Sweden Parliament for their contribution to the tank coalition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/oleksij-reznikov-podyakuvav-parlamentu-shvecziyi-za-yihnij-vnesok-u-tankovu-koalicziyu/
I am grateful to partners for their willingness to support Ukraine as much as needed - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/ya-vdyachnyj-partneram-za-yihnyu-gotovnist-pidtrymuvaty-ukrayinu-stilky-skilky-potribno-oleksij-reznikov/
Ukraine will open an embassy in Rwanda - Dmytro Kuleba
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/ukrayina-vidkryye-posolstvo-v-ruandi-dmytro-kuleba/
The Britain's Parliament recognized the Holodomor with the genocide of the Ukrainian people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/parlament-brytaniyi-vyznav-golodomor-genoczydom-ukrayinskogo-narodu/
Short. War. Day 456. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/25/korotko-vijna-den-456-videodajdzhest/
In Sumy region as a result of the shelling is damaged the house of children's creativity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714660-na-sumsini-vnaslidok-artobstrilu-poskodzenij-budinok-ditacoi-tvorcosti.html
The ruling party of Austria accused the opposition party of freedom of working on the Kremlin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714757-u-pravlacij-partii-avstrii-zvinuvatili-opozicijnu-partiu-svobodi-u-roboti-na-kreml.html
The SBU leader believes that some traitors can be exchanged for Ukrainian heroes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714756-ocilnik-sbu-vvazae-so-deakih-zradnikiv-mozna-bude-obminati-na-ukrainskih-geroiv.html
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Topoli, Fyholivka, Novomlynsk, Dvorichna, Masutivk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4902
The SBU exposed more than 300 enemy agents in a year, some of them turned over - baby
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714753-sbu-za-rik-vikrila-ponad-300-vorozih-agentiv-castinu-z-nih-pereverbuvali-maluk.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka, Nevske, Dibrova and Bilohorivka of Luhansk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4903
The EU calls for tension de -escalation in northern Kosovo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714741-evrosouz-zaklikae-do-deeskalacii-naprugi-na-pivnoci-kosova.html
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Privilia, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Grigorye ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4904
In Kherson SBU attracted agents to detect collaborators - a baby
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714750-u-hersoni-sbu-zalucala-agentiv-dla-viavlenna-kolaborantiv-maluk.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Avdiivka, Pervomaisk And Karlovka of Donetsk Reo ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4905
Poland wants to buy four intelligence balloons in the USA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714698-polsa-hoce-kupiti-u-ssa-cotiri-rozviduvalni-aerostati.html
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Maryinka and Pobyeda of Donetsk region. Russian av...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4906
SBU Chapter: More than 20 people were arrested in Russia for an explosion on the Crimean bridge
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3714751-glava-sbu-za-vibuh-na-krimskomu-mostu-v-rosii-arestuvali-ponad-20-osib.html
At Shakhtarske direction Russian army shelled Vuhledar, Prechystivka and Novosilka, - General...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4907
Left the Russians "without eyes": Ukrainian drones destroyed three enemy surveillance complexes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714676-zalisili-rosian-bez-ocej-ukrainski-droni-znisili-tri-vorozi-kompleksi-sposterezenna.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Zelene Pole, Olhivske, Malynivka,...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4908
Two SBU employees were killed at Azovstal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714749-na-azovstali-zaginulo-dvoe-spivrobitnikiv-sbu-maluk.html
War in Ukraine should not become frozen conflict - leaders of Germany and Baltic countries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714748-vijna-v-ukraini-ne-povinna-stati-zamorozenim-konfliktom-lideri-frn-i-krain-baltii.html
The Ukrainian Svicrak won silver at the Grand Prix series of judo in Austria
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714747-ukrainec-svidrak-vigrav-sriblo-na-etapi-serii-granpri-z-dzudo-v-avstrii-g.html
At the beginning of the war of the SBU, she created a unit for sabotage and contradictory measures - a toddler
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714744-na-pocatku-vijni-sbu-stvorila-pidrozdil-dla-diversijnih-ta-kontrdiversijnih-zahodiv-maluk.html
The Kiev Security Forum urged NATO to immediately give Ukraine membership
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714746-kiivskij-bezpekovij-forum-zaklikav-nato-nevidkladno-nadati-ukraini-clenstvo.html
Canada will hand over almost five thousand machines and a million ammunition to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714738-kanada-peredast-ukraini-majze-pat-tisac-avtomativ-ta-miljon-naboiv.html
Europe radically changed the philosophy of military support of Ukraine - Ambassador of France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714739-evropa-radikalno-zminila-filosofiu-sodo-vijskovoi-pidtrimki-ukraini-posol-francii.html
Russians in the coming hours are preparing a stroke of the ZPP with a crash imitation - intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714737-rosiani-v-najblizci-godini-gotuut-udar-po-zaes-z-imitacieu-avarii-rozvidka.html
Svitolina: Many people were surprised by my physical form after returning
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714734-svitolina-bagato-ludej-buli-zdivovani-moeu-fizicnou-formou-pisla-povernenna.html
At the UN reacted to the shelling of the hospital in the Dnieper without mentioning Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714732-v-oon-zreaguvali-na-obstril-likarni-u-dnipri-ne-zgadavsi-pro-rosiu.html
Powerful explosions were heard in the Azovstal area
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714731-u-rajoni-azovstali-prolunali-potuzni-vibuhi.html
Russia has committed more than 900 attacks on Ukrainian medical institutions - WHO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714730-rosia-vcinila-ponad-900-atak-na-ukrainski-medzakladi-vooz.html
Senator Graham urges to accelerate and strengthen the supply of weapons to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714720-senator-grem-zaklikae-priskoriti-i-posiliti-postacanna-zbroi-ukraini.html
Moldova continues for another 60 days a state of emergency because of war in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714727-moldova-prodovzue-se-na-60-dniv-nadzvicajnij-stan-cerez-vijnu-v-ukraini.html
The Russian Federation throws reinforcements in the direction of Berdyansk and in Mariupol district
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714725-rf-perekidae-pidkriplenna-u-napramku-berdanska-ta-u-mariupolskij-rajon.html
Ukraine will become one of the key countries of the European Union and NATO - US exhibit in Russia McFol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714726-ukraina-stane-odnieu-z-klucovih-krain-evrosouzu-i-nato-eksposol-ssa-v-rosii-makfol.html
The EU condemns the Russian nuclear weapons moving agreement to Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714723-es-zasudzue-ugodu-pro-peremisenna-rosijskoi-adernoi-zbroi-v-bilorus.html
Putin will be held accountable through the decision of the UN General Assembly - US Exhibit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714673-putina-mozna-bude-pritagnuti-do-vidpovidalnosti-zavdaki-risennu-genasamblei-oon-eksposol-ssa.html
Since the beginning of the year, Ukraine has received $ 18.5 billion from international partners - the Ministry of Finance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3714672-z-pocatku-roku-ukraina-otrimala-vid-miznarodnih-partneriv-185-milarda-minfin.html
SBU advises residents of temporarily captured territories to distance from the enemy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714754-sbu-radit-zitelam-timcasovo-zahoplenih-teritorij-distanciuvatisa-vid-voroga.html
Chernihivska Oblast(07:01). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18924
Ukrainian air defense shot down 23 Shahed drones and 10 Kh-101 cruise missiles overnight
https://t.me/kpszsu/2538
Russian army launched Shahed drones at Merefa and Izyum towns of Kharkiv region overnight
https://t.me/huyovy_kharkiv/110818
1 person killed as result of shelling in Donetsk
https://t.me/itsdonetsk/76721
Missile strikes reported at Kalininsky district of Donetsk
https://twitter.com/666_mancer/status/1661987453744316418
Donetsk Oblast(09:07). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46556
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(09:30). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46557
Explosion was audible in Dnipro city
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/52931
Zaporizka Oblast(09:32). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46558
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Senkivka, Snovsk, Hay, Ka...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4901
There are casualties as result of Russian missile strike in Dnipro city, - head of regional a...
https://t.me/dnipropetrovskaODA/4848
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4909
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(10:15). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46562
Zaporizka Oblast(10:16). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46563
FSB reports foiling attack with explosives on security object in Gelendzhik, one suspect with...
https://t.me/bbbreaking/156365
1 person killed, 15 wounded as result of missile strike at hospital in Dnipro city
https://t.me/V_Zelenskiy_official/6375
2 person wounded as result of Russian shelling in Huliaipole
https://t.me/zaporizka_sish/23015
Russian aerial bomb hit residential house in Avdiyivka
https://t.me/ermaka2022/2785
Russia has no plans to use nuclear weapons in regards of situation in Ukraine, - Deputy Forei...
https://t.me/bbbreaking/156368
Zaporizka Oblast(11:19). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/13095
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(11:19). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/15908
Explosions in Schebekyne district of Belgorod region
https://t.me/zhest_belgorod/27155
Donetsk Oblast(12:42). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46570
Donetsk Oblast(14:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46572
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(15:05). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/25223
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(15:40). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46576
Russian FM Lavrov met with special representative of China to discuss Ukraine
https://t.me/rian_ru/203803
The President of Brazil  during today's phone call with Putin confirmed his readiness to enga...
https://t.me/rian_ru/203804
Donetsk Oblast(17:53). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46578
2 powerful explosions were reported in Mariupol
https://t.me/dneproperatyv/63828
In Italy, hackers attacked the Ministry of Business
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714568-v-italii-hakeri-atakuvali-ministerstvo-biznesu.html
Supreme Court Chairman claims that never met Portnov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3714573-golova-verhovnogo-sudu-stverdzue-so-nikoli-ne-zustricavsa-z-portnovim.html
In the Netherlands, they arrested on the land of Putin's former son -in -law
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714571-u-niderlandah-naklali-arest-na-zemelnu-dilanku-kolisnogo-zata-putina.html
Baku and Yerevan can sign a peace agreement at the European leaders summit - Azerbaijan Ambassador
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714572-baku-ta-erevan-mozut-pidpisati-mirnu-ugodu-na-samiti-evropejskih-lideriv-posol-azerbajdzanu.html
The export of Berkuts' Black Company during the Maidan: The former security officer got 10 years old
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3714574-vivezenna-berkutivciv-cornoi-roti-pid-cas-majdanu-kolisnij-silovik-otrimav-10-rokiv.html
Balaklava Blues have released a clip for the song Let Me Out
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3714576-gurt-balaklava-blues-vipustiv-klip-na-pisnu-let-me-out.html
In Sumy region during the curfew, there will be a new sample pass
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714580-na-sumsini-pid-cas-komendantskoi-godini-diatimut-perepustki-novogo-zrazka.html
Ukraine last year exported to the EU goods by almost $ 28 billion - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3714583-ukraina-torik-eksportuvala-do-es-tovariv-majze-na-28-milardiv-smigal.html
Italy has admitted Russians and Belarusians to the 2023 World Cup on Fencing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714584-italia-dopustila-rosian-ta-bilorusiv-do-cs2023-z-fehtuvanna.html
The government has changed the head of the State Agency for Water Resources
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3714585-urad-zminiv-kerivnika-derzagentstva-vodnih-resursiv.html
A charity exhibition of Ukrainian artist was opened in Cyprus Limassol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3714542-u-kiprskomu-limasoli-vidkrili-blagodijnu-vistavku-ukrainskoi-hudoznici.html
WBC retained the first Lomachenko ranking number
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714587-wbc-zberigla-persij-nomer-rejtingu-lomacenka.html
In Bakhmut, fighters received new weapons and technical assistance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714589-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-bijci-otrimali-novi-zrazki-ozbroenna-ta-tehnicnu-dopomogu.html
The Supreme Court President promises every effort to work as soon as possible
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714590-golova-verhovnogo-sudu-obicae-doklasti-vsih-zusil-sob-vkks-aknajsvidse-zapracuvala.html
Defense forces repelled a ten -hour storm in the Avdiivsky direction, despite the chemical attack
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714591-sili-oboroni-vidbili-desatigodinnij-sturm-na-avdiivskomu-napramku-popri-himicnu-ataku.html
Ukraine is equipped with oil, gas and other resources underground - the Government has approved a list of structures
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3714593-ukraina-oblastovue-pid-zemleu-shovisa-nafti-gazu-ta-insih-resursiv-urad-zatverdiv-perelik-sporud.html
The Government has approved the annual reform plan for medical examination
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3714595-urad-zatverdiv-ricnij-plan-reformuvanna-medikosanitarnoi-ekspertizi.html
YouTube abandons Stories format
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3714597-youtube-vidmovlaetsa-vid-formatu-stories.html
Serbia President brought the army in full combat readiness because of tension in Kosovo - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714596-prezident-serbii-priviv-armiu-u-povnu-bojovu-gotovnist-cerez-naprugu-v-kosovo-zmi.html
In the Dnieper, the number of rocket attacks increased to 30
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714600-u-dnipri-kilkist-postrazdalih-vid-raketnoi-ataki-zbilsilasa-do-30.html
The Ministry of Infrastructure will report on a monthly revenue and expenses for reconstruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3714599-mininfrastrukturi-somisaca-zvituvatime-pro-nadhodzenna-ta-vitrati-kostiv-na-vidbudovu.html
The Aeneid 225 exhibition was opened in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3714603-u-kievi-vidkrili-vistavku-eneida-225.html
In the side of Mariupol from under Volnovakha, invaders flee to military cars - Andryushchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714604-v-bik-mariupola-zpid-volnovahi-tikaut-zagarbniki-na-vijskovih-avto-andrusenko.html
NATO and Ukraine will deepen partnership in technology and science
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3714605-nato-i-ukraina-poglibluvatimut-partnerstvo-v-tehnologiah-ta-nauci.html
The government has expanded the boundaries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3714606-urad-rozsiriv-mezi-teritorii-izmailskogo-morportu.html
The invaders use "nationalization" in Crimea for propaganda - Chubarov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3714609-zagarbniki-vikoristovuut-nacionalizaciu-v-krimu-dla-propagandi-cubarov.html
Virgin Galactic made the fifth test flight into space
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3714611-virgin-galactic-zdijsnila-patij-testovij-polit-u-kosmos.html
In Dnipro declared a day of mourning for the dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714612-u-dnipri-ogolosili-den-zalobi-za-zagiblimi.html
Ukrenergo restored two main transmission lines in the east
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3714613-ukrenergo-vidnovilo-dvi-magistralni-lep-na-shodi.html
Pope abolished the audience on Friday through fever - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714616-papa-rimskij-skasuvav-audienciu-v-patnicu-cerez-lihomanku-zmi.html
The court gave permission to compulsory the selection of biological samples in a judge who was knocked down
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3714619-sud-dav-dozvil-na-primusove-vidibranna-biologicnih-zrazkiv-u-suddi-akij-zbiv-nacgvardijca.html
In the Frankivsk Drama Theater, the Polish director staged an anti -Russian drama "Dzadi"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3714618-u-frankivskomu-dramteatri-polska-reziserka-postavila-antirosijsku-dramu-dzadi.html
Five children remain in Avdiivka and Bakhmuta - they are not allowed to evacuate parents
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714621-v-avdiivci-ta-bahmuti-zalisautsa-patero-ditej-ih-ne-daut-evakuuvati-batki.html
The presentation of the historical novel "Puzzles of Life. Quantum confusion ”
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3714622-vidbulasa-prezentacia-istoricnogo-romanu-pazli-zitta-kvantova-zaplutanist.html
The Government offers changes to the police charter to prevent sexual harassment at work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3714629-urad-proponue-zmini-do-statutu-policii-dla-zapobiganna-seksualnim-domagannam-na-roboti.html
Fugitives from the Russian Federation influenced all aspects of life in Georgia - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714624-utikaci-z-rf-vplinuli-na-vsi-aspekti-zitta-v-gruzii-ekspertka.html
At the gas station began to rise in the car
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3714626-na-azs-pocav-dorozcati-avtogaz.html
Poland will impose sanctions against several hundred Belarusian officials through a sentence of the journalist of Velief
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714638-polsa-zaprovadit-sankcii-proti-kilkasot-biloruskih-cinovnikiv-cerez-virok-zurnalistu-pocobutu.html
The Ministry of Energy promises to companies access to "sleeping" wells and simplified permission
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3714631-minenergo-obicae-kompaniam-dostup-do-splacih-sverdlovin-i-sprosene-otrimanna-dozvoliv.html
In the Dnieper, Russian rockets were hit not only by medical facilities - damaged by kindergartens, schools and stadium
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714635-u-dnipri-rosijski-raketi-vdarili-ne-lise-po-medzakladah-poskodzeni-se-ditsadki-skoli-i-stadion.html
Minor Sports named the names of athletes who have not returned from abroad
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714637-minmolodsportu-nazvalo-imena-sportsmeniv-aki-ne-povernulis-iz-zakordonu.html
US CIA Expressor expects serious success from Ukraine in confrontation by the Russian army
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714642-eksdirektor-cru-ssa-ocikue-serjoznih-uspihiv-vid-ukraini-v-protistoanni-rosijskomu-vijsku.html
In France, a hospital firing in the Dnieper was called a war crime that cannot remain unpunished
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714645-u-francii-nazvali-obstril-likarni-u-dnipri-voennim-zlocinom-so-ne-moze-zalisitisa-bezkarnimi.html
In Irpen began to restore the private homes destroyed as a result of Russian aggression
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3714647-v-irpeni-pocali-vidnovluvati-zrujnovani-vnaslidok-agresii-rf-privatni-budinki.html
Ukraine and the EU have discussed the state of Ukrainian industry in war conditions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3714648-ukraina-ta-es-obgovorili-stan-ukrainskoi-promislovosti-v-umovah-vijni.html
The SBU commented on Russian citizenship of relatives of a new deputy baby
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714649-u-sbu-prokomentuvali-rosijske-gromadanstvo-rodiciv-novogo-zastupnika-maluka.html
In Chernivtsi, the forum was discussed how to attract tourists in war conditions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714651-u-cernivcah-na-forumi-diskutuvali-ak-privabiti-turistiv-v-umovah-vijni.html
Australian Sydney began the annual Vivid Sydney festival
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3714652-v-avstralijskomu-sidnei-rozpocavsa-soricnij-festival-vivid-sydney.html
For Ukrainians in Gdansk, a virtual administrator of CNAP was worked
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3714654-dla-ukrainciv-u-gdansku-zapracuvav-virtualnij-administrator-cnapu.html
For the year of the full -scale war, the "Concer Live" Foundation has raised more than ₴ 7 billion for the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3714655-za-rik-povnomasstabnoi-vijni-fond-povernis-zivim-zibrav-ponad-7-milardiv-dla-zsu.html
Missile blow to the Dnieper: The number of victims increased to 31
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714657-raketnij-udar-po-dnipru-kilkist-postrazdalih-zrosla-do-31.html
Sobolenko: If Kostyuk hates me, okay, I can't do anything
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714658-sobolenko-akso-kostuk-mene-nenavidit-dobre-a-nicogo-ne-mozu-z-cim-zrobiti.html
Legion "Freedom of Russia" published personnel from the Belgorod region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714659-legion-svoboda-rosii-opriludniv-kadri-z-belgorodskoi-oblasti.html
Zelensky met with American senator Graham
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714663-zelenskij-zustrivsa-iz-amerikanskim-senatorom-gremom.html
In Kiev on Stetsenko Street, traffic was restricted due to an accident on a sewer collector
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3714664-u-kievi-na-vulici-stecenka-obmezili-ruh-cerez-avariu-na-kanalizacijnomu-kolektori.html
The Chernivtsi Theater will restore the festival of "Golden Applause of Bukovina"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3714666-cerniveckij-teatr-vidnovit-festival-komedii-zoloti-opleski-bukovini.html
China supports Europe in efforts to restore peace in Ukraine - Foreign Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714669-kitaj-pidtrimue-evropu-v-zusillah-iz-vidnovlenna-miru-v-ukraini-mzs.html
Since the beginning of the year, Ukraine has received $ 18.5 billion from international partners - the Ministry of Finance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3714672-z-pocatku-roku-ukraina-otrimala-vid-miznarodnih-partneriv-185-milarda-minfin.html
Putin will be held accountable through the decision of the UN General Assembly - US Exhibit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714673-putina-mozna-bude-pritagnuti-do-vidpovidalnosti-zavdaki-risennu-genasamblei-oon-eksposol-ssa.html
Ukraine's women's fencing team on Rapir won silver on Euro U23
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714674-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-fehtuvanna-na-rapirah-zdobula-sriblo-na-evro-u23.html
The Russians fired six more times the border of Chernihiv and Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714675-rosiani-se-sist-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini-i-sumsini.html
In the last weekend of spring will be warm, somewhere - thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714405-v-ostanni-vihidni-vesni-bude-teplo-podekudi-grozi.html
Lucescu returned to Dynamo location
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714678-lucesku-povernuvsa-v-roztasuvanna-dinamo.html
In the Kherson region, the National Guards destroyed the Russian drone "Orlan-10"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714679-na-hersonsini-nacgvardijci-znisili-rosijskij-bezpilotnik-orlan10.html
China hopes to effectively perform a “grain agreement”
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3714681-kitaj-spodivaetsa-na-efektivne-vikonanna-zernovoi-ugodi.html
Johnson at a meeting with Trump stressed the importance of victory of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714682-dzonson-na-zustrici-z-trampom-nagolosiv-na-vazlivosti-peremogi-ukraini.html
In five directions per day there were 18 fighting clashes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714688-na-pati-napramkah-frontu-za-dobu-vidbulisa-18-bojovih-zitknen.html
Our goal is to prevent war crimes from being unpunished - an American journalist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3714687-nasa-meta-sob-voenni-zlocini-ne-minali-bezkarno-amerikanska-zurnalistka.html
The Pope called the return of Ukrainian territories occupied by Russia "political issues"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714640-papa-rimskij-nazvav-povernenna-okupovanih-rosieu-ukrainskih-teritorij-politicnim-pitannam.html
Equipment brigades of the offensive and the situation on the front: Zelensky struck
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714689-osnasenna-brigad-nastupu-i-situacia-na-fronti-zelenskij-proviv-stavku.html
Rescue work in the Dnieper will last all night
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714697-ratuvalni-roboti-u-dnipri-trivatimut-usu-nic.html
The Navy was adopted by a small armored artillery boat "Bucha"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714667-do-skladu-vms-prijnali-malij-bronovanij-artilerijskij-kater-buca.html
Zelensky: We have significant progress on modern aviation for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714695-zelenskij-maemo-znacnij-progres-sodo-sucasnoi-aviacii-dla-ukraini.html
Putin was able to build authoritarianism in the Russian Federation thanks to propaganda - Professor of Columbia University
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714696-putin-zumiv-pobuduvati-u-rf-avtoritarizm-zavdaki-propagandi-profesor-kolumbijskogo-universitetu.html
The Netherlands is seriously considering the possibility of granting the F-16 Ukraine-Rutte
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714700-niderlandi-serjozno-rozgladaut-mozlivist-nadanna-f16-ukraini-rutte.html
Let's do everything for the supply of Ukraine to Ukraine's air defense systems - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714699-zrobimo-vse-dla-svidsogo-postacanna-ukraini-sistem-ppo-prezident.html
Sarnavsky's Kryvbasa goalkeeper refused to continue the contract and leave the team in the summer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714701-vorotar-krivbasa-sarnavskkij-vidmovivsa-prodovzuvati-kontrakt-i-zalisit-komandu-vlitku.html
Generation as of May lost 27 GW of installed power - Ukrenergo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3714703-generacia-stanom-na-traven-vtratila-27-gvt-vstanovlenoi-potuznosti-ukrenergo.html
Journalists have established names already 24,000 Russian soldiers liquidated in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714704-zurnalisti-vstanovili-imena-vze-24-tisac-rosijskih-vijskovih-likvidovanih-v-ukraini.html
The judge who was knocked down by the National Guard has declared suspicion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3714707-suddi-akij-na-smert-zbiv-nacgvardijca-ogolosili-pidozru.html
Congressmen renewed the pressure on the White House on the supplies of ATACMS to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714708-kongresmeni-ponovili-tisk-na-bilij-dim-sodo-postavok-atacms-v-ukrainu.html
Ukrainian Svitolina went to the WTA 250 tournament finals in Strasbourg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714709-ukrainka-svitolina-vijsla-do-finalu-turniru-wta-250-u-strasburzi.html
Zelensky: In the east our warriors do incredible things
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714710-zelenskij-na-shodi-nasi-voini-roblat-nejmovirni-reci.html
The enemy fired the serpent in Kherson region - damaged warehouse and agricultural machinery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714711-vorog-obstrilav-zmiivku-na-hersonsini-poskodzenij-sklad-i-silgosptehnika.html
Senator Graham believes that a counter -offensive will show results in the coming days and weeks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714714-senator-grem-vvazae-so-kontrnastup-pokaze-rezultati-u-najblizci-dni-j-tizni.html
Berlin's police started investigating through the Nazi image of the star of Pink Floyd Waters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3714721-policia-berlina-pocala-rozsliduvanna-cerez-nacistskij-obraz-na-koncerti-zirki-pink-floyd-votersa.html
President of Brazil refused Putin who invited him to Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714722-prezident-brazilii-vidmoviv-putinu-akij-zaprosiv-jogo-v-rosiu.html
The EU condemns the Russian nuclear weapons moving agreement to Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714723-es-zasudzue-ugodu-pro-peremisenna-rosijskoi-adernoi-zbroi-v-bilorus.html
Ukraine will become one of the key countries of the European Union and NATO - US exhibit in Russia McFol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714726-ukraina-stane-odnieu-z-klucovih-krain-evrosouzu-i-nato-eksposol-ssa-v-rosii-makfol.html
The Russian Federation throws reinforcements in the direction of Berdyansk and in Mariupol district
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714725-rf-perekidae-pidkriplenna-u-napramku-berdanska-ta-u-mariupolskij-rajon.html
Moldova continues for another 60 days a state of emergency because of war in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714727-moldova-prodovzue-se-na-60-dniv-nadzvicajnij-stan-cerez-vijnu-v-ukraini.html
Senator Graham urges to accelerate and strengthen the supply of weapons to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714720-senator-grem-zaklikae-priskoriti-i-posiliti-postacanna-zbroi-ukraini.html
Russia has committed more than 900 attacks on Ukrainian medical institutions - WHO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714730-rosia-vcinila-ponad-900-atak-na-ukrainski-medzakladi-vooz.html
Powerful explosions were heard in the Azovstal area
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714731-u-rajoni-azovstali-prolunali-potuzni-vibuhi.html
At the UN reacted to the shelling of the hospital in the Dnieper without mentioning Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714732-v-oon-zreaguvali-na-obstril-likarni-u-dnipri-ne-zgadavsi-pro-rosiu.html
Svitolina: Many people were surprised by my physical form after returning
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714734-svitolina-bagato-ludej-buli-zdivovani-moeu-fizicnou-formou-pisla-povernenna.html
Russians in the coming hours are preparing a stroke of the ZPP with a crash imitation - intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714737-rosiani-v-najblizci-godini-gotuut-udar-po-zaes-z-imitacieu-avarii-rozvidka.html
Europe radically changed the philosophy of military support of Ukraine - Ambassador of France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714739-evropa-radikalno-zminila-filosofiu-sodo-vijskovoi-pidtrimki-ukraini-posol-francii.html
Canada will hand over almost five thousand machines and a million ammunition to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714738-kanada-peredast-ukraini-majze-pat-tisac-avtomativ-ta-miljon-naboiv.html
The Kiev Security Forum urged NATO to immediately give Ukraine membership
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714746-kiivskij-bezpekovij-forum-zaklikav-nato-nevidkladno-nadati-ukraini-clenstvo.html
At the beginning of the war of the SBU, she created a unit for sabotage and contradictory measures - a toddler
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714744-na-pocatku-vijni-sbu-stvorila-pidrozdil-dla-diversijnih-ta-kontrdiversijnih-zahodiv-maluk.html
The Ukrainian Svicrak won silver at the Grand Prix series of judo in Austria
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714747-ukrainec-svidrak-vigrav-sriblo-na-etapi-serii-granpri-z-dzudo-v-avstrii-g.html
War in Ukraine should not become frozen conflict - leaders of Germany and Baltic countries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714748-vijna-v-ukraini-ne-povinna-stati-zamorozenim-konfliktom-lideri-frn-i-krain-baltii.html
Two SBU employees were killed at Azovstal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714749-na-azovstali-zaginulo-dvoe-spivrobitnikiv-sbu-maluk.html
Left the Russians "without eyes": Ukrainian drones destroyed three enemy surveillance complexes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714676-zalisili-rosian-bez-ocej-ukrainski-droni-znisili-tri-vorozi-kompleksi-sposterezenna.html
SBU Chapter: More than 20 people were arrested in Russia for an explosion on the Crimean bridge
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3714751-glava-sbu-za-vibuh-na-krimskomu-mostu-v-rosii-arestuvali-ponad-20-osib.html
Poland wants to buy four intelligence balloons in the USA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714698-polsa-hoce-kupiti-u-ssa-cotiri-rozviduvalni-aerostati.html
In Kherson SBU attracted agents to detect collaborators - a baby
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714750-u-hersoni-sbu-zalucala-agentiv-dla-viavlenna-kolaborantiv-maluk.html
The EU calls for tension de -escalation in northern Kosovo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714741-evrosouz-zaklikae-do-deeskalacii-naprugi-na-pivnoci-kosova.html
The SBU exposed more than 300 enemy agents in a year, some of them turned over - baby
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714753-sbu-za-rik-vikrila-ponad-300-vorozih-agentiv-castinu-z-nih-pereverbuvali-maluk.html
The SBU leader believes that some traitors can be exchanged for Ukrainian heroes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714756-ocilnik-sbu-vvazae-so-deakih-zradnikiv-mozna-bude-obminati-na-ukrainskih-geroiv.html
The ruling party of Austria accused the opposition party of freedom of working on the Kremlin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714757-u-pravlacij-partii-avstrii-zvinuvatili-opozicijnu-partiu-svobodi-u-roboti-na-kreml.html
SBU advises residents of temporarily captured territories to distance from the enemy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714754-sbu-radit-zitelam-timcasovo-zahoplenih-teritorij-distanciuvatisa-vid-voroga.html
How to find out who is investigating the disappearance of a relative
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/yak-diznatysya-hto-rozsliduye-znyknennya-rodycha/
Ukraine must regain its south and become a member of NATO - Francis Fukuyama
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/ukrayina-povynna-povernuty-sobi-pivden-i-staty-chlenom-nato-frensis-fukuyama/
10 years behind bars will hold an enemy informant who "drained" the positions of the defenders of Mariupol
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/10-rokiv-za-gratamy-provede-vorozhyj-informator-yakyj-zlyvav-pozycziyi-zahysnykiv-mariupolya/
In Kharkiv region, a carefully disguised hiding place with Russian ammunition was found
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/na-harkivshhyni-znajdeno-shron-z-rosijskymy-boyeprypasamy/
Rashist manipulations: "Changing the church calendar in Ukraine is madness and bacchanalia"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/rashystski-manipulyacziyi-zmina-czerkovnogo-kalendarya-v-ukrayini-cze-bozhevillya-ta-vakhanaliya/
A serviceman of the Russian Federation under the estuary tells about unsuccessful offenses on the city - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/vijskovosluzhbovecz-rf-pid-lymanom-rozpovidaye-pro-nevdali-nastupy-na-misto-gur/
The suspicion of the Viecadmiral of the Russian Federation, which ordered the firing of Ukraine from the Black Sea was reported
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-viczeadmiralu-rf-yakyj-nakazav-obstrilyuvaty-ukrayinu-kalibramy-z-chornogo-morya/
Aviation of Defense Forces has struck 5 beats in areas of focus of occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-5-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv-ta-zbyla-su-25/
In Madrid in test mode, Ukrainian "Passport Service" started work
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/u-madrydi-v-testovomu-rezhymi-rozpochav-robotu-ukrayinskyj-pasportnyj-servis/
Spain is preparing to transfer to Ukraine four more tanks Leopard 2 and a batch of M113 armored personnel carriers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/ispaniya-gotuyetsya-peredaty-ukrayini-shhe-chotyry-tanky-leopard-2-ta-partiyu-bronetransporteriv-m113/
Canada will transfer AIM-9 missiles to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/kanada-peredastt-ukrayini-partiyu-protypovitryanyh-raket/
Defense forces have repelled numerous enemy attacks in Marinka area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/22-bojovyh-zitknennya-vidbulosya-na-kupyanskomu-lymanskomu-bahmutskomu-avdiyivskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah/
Defense forces per day eliminated nearly 500 invaders, destroyed a plane and 25 artistem
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-litak-i-25-artsystem/
Night Attack from the Russian Federation: Air Defense forces destroyed 10 winged missiles, 23 "Shahda" and 2 reconnaissance UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/nichna-ataka-z-boku-rf-syly-ppo-znyshhyly-10-krylatyh-raket-23-shahedy-ta-2-rozviduvalnyh-bpla/
Japan exacerbates sanctions against
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/yaponiya-posylyuye-sankcziyi-proty-rosiyi/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-3/
Alexei Danilov: Russian fragmentation is a matter of time, and you need to be ready
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/oleksij-danilov-fragmentacziya-rf-cze-pytannya-chasu-i-do-czogo-treba-buty-gotovym/
Moldova thanks Ukraine for the protection of Europe and freedom
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/moldova-dyakuye-ukrayini-za-zahyst-yevropy-ta-svobody/
14 Aircraft and nearly 800 explosive objects neutralized pyrotechnics per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/14-aviabomb-i-majzhe-800-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-zneshkodyly-pirotehniky-za-dobu/
From mortars, the army of the Russian Federation fired at the territory of the border of Sumy and Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/z-minometiv-armiya-rf-zranku-obstrilyala-terytoriyi-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-i-chernigivshhyny/
Men who left Ukraine illegally awaited punishment - the Ministry of Internal Affairs announced the law
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/cholovikiv-yaki-nezakonno-vyyihaly-z-ukrayiny-chekaye-pokarannya-u-mvs-anonsuvaly-zakon/
Like mortar from the Edelweiss brigade send "hot gifts" to the Muscovites
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/yak-minometnyky-z-brygady-edelvejs-vidpravlyayut-garyachi-podarunky-moskalyam/
The Russian informant was detained, who was spying on the positions of defense forces in the south of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/zatrymano-informatora-rf-yakyj-shpyguvav-za-pozycziyamy-syl-oborony-na-pivdni-ukrayiny/
The President awarded 117 more servicemen awards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/prezydent-vidznachyv-nagorodamy-shhe-117-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
Finland with Sweden and Allies begins Arctic Challenge's training
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/finlyandiya-zi-shvecziyeyu-ta-soyuznykamy-rozpochynaye-navchannya-arctic-challenge/
The 15th Annual Security Forum continues in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/u-kyyevi-tryvaye-15-j-shhorichnyj-bezpekovyj-forum-2/
Alexei Reznikov met with Sweden officials
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/oleksij-reznikov-zustrivsya-z-uryadovczyamy-shvecziyi/
New information about the missing or captive defender should be transferred to the coordination headquarters and nob
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/novi-vidomosti-pro-znyklogo-abo-polonenogo-zahysnyka-treba-peredaty-do-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-j-nib/
Sweden joined the "tank coalition"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/shvecziya-doluchylasya-do-tankovoyi-koalicziyi/
More than 106 thousand crimes of the Russian Federation documented the Office of the Prosecutor General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/ponad-106-tysyach-zlochyniv-rf-zadokumentuvav-ofis-generalnogo-prokurora/
Ukraine appealed to Sweden with a request for assessment of GriPen fighter capacity - Swedish Defense Minister
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/ukrayina-zvernulasya-do-shvecziyi-iz-zapytom-pro-oczinku-spromozhnostej-vynyshhuvachiv-gripen-ministr-oborony-shvecziyi/
Spooky footage
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/prezydent-pokazav-motoroshni-kadry-naslidkiv-raketnogo-udaru-po-polikliniczi-u-dnipri/
IT-specialists of the Bundesver conduct training of Ukrainian servicemen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/it-fahivczi-bundesveru-provodyat-navchannya-ukrayinskyh-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
The head of the defense department was "run" by the Ukrainian ATV "Bohun"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/glava-oboronnogo-vidomstva-obkatav-ukrayinskyj-vsyudyhid-bogun/
Cyber defense issues were discussed on the National Cyber Security Cluster
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/pytannya-kiberzahystu-u-sferi-ohorony-zdorovya-obgovoryly-na-naczionalnomu-klasteri-kiberbezpeky/
The Armed Forces must acquire appropriate capabilities in the use and maintenance of equipment - the Minister of Defense of Sweden
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/zsu-mayut-nabuty-vidpovidnyh-spromozhnostej-v-zastosuvanni-ta-obslugovuvanni-tehniky-ministr-oborony-shvecziyi/
The Swedish side has provided more than 3000 tons of different types of assistance to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/pidtrymka-ukrayiny-ye-klyuchovym-priorytetom-shvecziyi-pol-jonson/
There are no hostile rocket launchers in the Black and Azov Seas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/u-chornomu-ta-azovskomu-moryah-narazi-nemaye-vorozhyh-raketonosiyiv/
Andriy Yusov: Hague for Putin - inevitable
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/andrij-yusov-gaaga-dlya-putina-%e2%80%95-nemynucha/
Hostile blows to ballistic missiles - an effort to intimidate Ukrainians and expose the air defense system - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/vorozhi-udary-balistychnymy-raketamy-namagannya-zalyakaty-ukrayincziv-ta-vykryty-systemu-ppo-nataliya-gumenyuk/
12 years received a collaborator for repression against the occupied Kupyansk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/12-rokiv-otrymav-kolaborant-za-represiyi-proty-meshkancziv-okupovanogo-kupyanska/
In the Bakhmut direction, the military of the State Security Service received new samples of weapons and technical assistance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-vijskovi-derzhspecztranssluzhby-otrymaly-novi-zrazky-ozbroyennya-ta-tehnichnu-dopomogu/
As in Volyn the "Turn Field" prepares defenders for battle
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/yak-na-volyni-ternove-pole-gotuye-zahysnykiv-do-boyu/
In the State Security Service ’ Land was discussed with Romanian DNSC expansion of cooperation associated with Russian cyber threats
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/u-derzhspeczzvyazku-obgovoryly-z-rumunskoyu-dnsc-rozshyrennya-spivpraczi-povyazanoyi-z-kiberzagrozamy-rf/
“Able to make impossible”: In the south, training is continued to overcome a water obstacle
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/zdatni-zrobyty-nemozhlyve-na-pivdni-tryvayut-navchannya-z-podolannya-vodnoyi-pereshkody/
Another small armored artillery boat was adopted in the Navy of the Armed Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/do-skladu-vms-zs-ukrayiny-pryjnyato-chergovyj-malyj-bronovanyj-artylerijskyj-kater/
In one of the affected buildings in the Dnieper were placed temporary displaced persons - Ova
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/v-odnij-iz-postrazhdalyh-budivel-u-dnipri-rozmishhuvalysya-tymchasovi-pereselenczi-zastupnyk-glavy-dnipropetrovskoyi-ova-volodymyr-orlov/
Litpoluskrbrig conducted firearms shooting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/lytpolukrbryg-provela-trenuvannya-zi-strilby-z-vognepalnoyi-zbroyi/
The President has signed laws on increasing the institutions for the work of VLK and simplifying the conditions of registration of documents
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/prezydent-pidpysav-zakony-pro-zbilshennya-zakladiv-dlya-roboty-vlk-i-sproshhennya-umov-oformlennya-dokumentiv/
Bucha boat filled the naval family
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/kater-bucha-vhodytyme-do-skladu-richkovoyi-flotyliyi-yaka-bula-stvorena-mynulogo-roku-na-kyyivshhyni-vicze-admiral-oleksij-neyizhpapa/
Interflex Operation: In Britain, the Armed Forces military was trained in fire training
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/operacziya-interflex-u-brytaniyi-vijskovi-zsu-projshly-navchannya-iz-vognevoyi-pidgotovky/
Captain 1 Rank Stepan Yakimak: The Degree of Destruction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/kapitan-1-rangu-stepan-yakymyak-stupin-urazhennya-rosijskogo-korablya-ivan-hurs-vyvedenyj-z-ladu/
Relatives of captive paratroopers of the Sicheslav brigade met with representatives of the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/rodychi-polonenyh-desantnykiv-sicheslavskoyi-brygady-zustrilysya-z-predstavnykamy-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu/
Dnipro rocket firing: Reporting from the scene
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/okupanty-obstrilyaly-medzaklad-u-m-dnipro-rozpochato-rozsliduvannya/
Local communities will play a key role in the reconstruction of Ukraine - Larisa Galadza
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/svitova-pidtrymka-ukrayiny-dovela-czinnist-nashyh-soyuziv-ambasadorka-kanady-v-ukrayini-larysa-galadza/
Ukrainian cyberfactors left the occupiers "without eyes": three complexes of observation were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/ukrayinski-kiberfahivczi-zalyshyly-okupantiv-bez-ochej-znyshheno-try-kompleksy-sposterezhennya/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Senator of the United States of America Lindsey Grame
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/volodymyr-zelenskyj-proviv-zustrich-iz-senatorom-spoluchenyh-shtativ-ameryky-lindsi-gremom/
Defense forces struck three enemy management points
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/syly-oborony-urazyly-try-vorozhi-punkty-upravlinnya/
In Donetsk, the occupiers are searching for private homes of local residents
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/u-novopetrykivczi-na-donechchyni-okupanty-obshukuyut-pryvatni-budynky-misczevyh-meshkancziv/
General Duglas Fruit suggested to create a NATO -NATO Council before Ukraine's accession to the Alliance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/general-duglas-lyute-zaproponuvav-stvoryty-radu-ukrayina-nato-do-vstupu-ukrayiny-v-alyan/
For this week we have significant progress on modern aviation for Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/za-czej-tyzhden-mayemo-znachnyj-progres-i-shhodo-suchasnoyi-aviacziyi-dlya-ukrayiny-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Ukraine should win the war because it is a matter of international freedom - Michael Karpenter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/ukrayina-maye-peremogty-u-vijni-bo-cze-pytannya-mizhnarodnoyi-svobody-majkl-karpenter-2/
I am sure that Ukraine can defeat Russia-George Walker Bush appealed to the participants of the 15th Annual Kyiv Security Forum
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/upevnenyj-shho-ukrayina-mozhe-peremogty-rosiyu-dzhordzh-voker-bush-zvernuvsya-do-uchasnykiv-15-go-shhorichnogo-kyyivskogo-bezpekovogo-forumu/
NATO is currently undergoing an efficiency check - Ambassador Maria Jovanovich
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/nato-narazi-prohodyt-perevirku-na-efektyvnist-posol-mariya-jovanovych/
More than 60% of Ukrainians receive news from social networks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/ponad-60-ukrayincziv-otrymuyut-novyny-iz-soczialnyh-merezh/
Dnipro, who were near the place of the tragedy: "Despite everything horror, we believe in our victory and the Armed Forces"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/dnipryany-yaki-perebuvaly-poblyzu-misczya-tragediyi-popry-vse-zhahittya-virymo-v-nashu-peremogu-ta-zsu/
18 combat clashes took place in the east of the country
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/18-bojovyh-zitknen-vidbulos-na-shodi-krayiny/
The two military Russian military reported suspected murder of four civilians in Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/dvom-vijskovym-rf-povidomleno-pro-pidozru-v-umysnomu-vbyvstvi-chotyroh-czyvilnyh-na-chernigivshhyni/
Minorifters expanding NATO cooperation in the field of dual -use technologies
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/minczyfry-rozshyryuye-spivrobitnycztvo-z-nato-u-sferi-tehnologij-podvijnogo-pryznachennya/
Short. War. Day 457. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/korotko-vijna-den-457-videodajdzhest/
In the Kherson region, when purchasing the form for the Trooroborons found a shortage of ₴ 2.3 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714758-na-hersonsini-pri-zakupivli-formi-dla-teroboroni-viavili-nedostacu-na-23-miljona.html
In the Kherson region, when purchasing the form for the Trooroborons found a shortage of ₴ 2.3 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714758-na-hersonsini-pri-zakupivli-formi-dla-teroboroni-viavili-nedostacu-na-23-miljona.html
The baby confirmed the involvement of the SBU in the attack on Russian ships in Sevastopol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3714760-maluk-pidtverdiv-pricetnist-sbu-do-ataki-na-rosijski-korabli-u-sevastopoli.html
GRP on Saturday will consider a submission to arrest a judge who knocked down the National Guard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714761-vrp-v-subotu-rozglane-podanna-pro-dozvil-na-arest-suddi-akij-zbiv-nacgvardijca.html

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====