乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-07-10

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

In the Black Sea on a battle duty five enemy ships
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/u-chornomu-mori-na-bojovomu-cherguvanni-pyat-vorozhyh-korabliv/
DShV command showed how our artillerymen destroy the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/komanduvannya-dshv-pokazalo-yak-nashi-artylerysty-nyshhat-okupantiv/
The consequences of Russian shelling as of 09:00 on July 9
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/naslidky-rosijskyh-obstriliv-stanom-na-0900-9-lypnya/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Andrzej Duda honored memory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/volodymyr-zelenskyj-i-andzhej-duda-vshanuvaly-pamyat-zhertv-volynskoyi-tragediyi/
The hostile rocket launchers are ready in the places of base, and the landing ships of the enemy are transported by car - Dmitry Pletenchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/vorozhi-raketonosiyi-perebuvayut-u-gotovnosti-v-misczyah-bazuvannya-a-desantni-korabli-voroga-perevozyat-legkovyky-dmytro-pletenchuk/
A meeting with the families of the Sicheslav Brigade service took place on the coordination
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/u-koordshtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodynamy-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-sicheslavskoyi-brygady/
Mathogos to families of prisoners, interned, missing persons: who is entitled?
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/matdopomoga-simyam-polonenyh-internovanyh-znyklyh-bezvisty-hto-maye-pravo/
In the Taurian direction of defense forces move forward - Valery Shershn
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-syly-oborony-prosuvayutsya-vpered-valerij-shershen/
Weapons of victory. BM "Oplot" - a tank of domestic production
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/zbroya-peremogy-bm-oplot-tank-vitchyznyanogo-vyrobnycztva/
In Volyn, the President held a meeting on the socio-economic and security situation in the region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/na-volyni-prezydent-proviv-naradu-shhodo-soczialno-ekonomichnoyi-ta-bezpekovoyi-sytuacziyi-v-regioni/
F-16 is able to take off from our airfields and intercept goals over the entire territory of Ukraine-Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/f-16-zdatni-zlitaty-z-bud-yakyh-nashyh-aerodromiv-i-perehoplyuvaty-czili-nad-usiyeyu-terytoriyeyu-ukrayiny-yurij-ignat/
A new badge is approved to reward sergeants and sergeants
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/zatverdzheno-novyj-nagrudnyj-znak-dlya-nagorodzhennya-serzhantiv-ta-starshyn/
Defense forces destroyed 11 enemy artillery
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/syly-oborony-znyshhyly-11-artylerijskyh-zasobiv-protyvnyka/
RPS-7 Ingul is able to detect enemy radars, air defense systems and aircraft from a long distance-Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/rps-7-ingul-zdatna-vyyavlyaty-vorozhi-radary-systemy-ppo-ta-litaky-z-velykoyi-vidstani-oleksij-reznikov/
Your Spirit is stronger than the body: veterans' sports competitions took place in the capital
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/tvij-duh-sylnishyj-za-tilo-u-stolyczi-vidbulysya-sportyvni-zmagannya-veteraniv/
Petro Chernyk: Casket ammunition is a symmetrical response to the enemy and great help to our defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/petro-chernyk-kasetni-boyeprypasy-symetrychna-vidpovid-vorogu-ta-velyka-dopomoga-nashym-zahysnykam/
Up to three million hryvnias can be obtained in support of veteran business
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/na-pidtrymku-veteranskogo-biznesu-mozhna-otrymaty-do-troh-miljoniv-gryven/
In Starobilsk invaders are forced to receive Russian passports
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/u-starobilsku-okupanty-zmushuyut-gromadyan-ukrayiny-otrymuvaty-rosijski-pasporty/
Land troops demonstrated the wonderful work of our soldiers in the Bakhmut direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/suhoputni-vijska-prodemonstruvaly-chudovu-robotu-nashyh-voyiniv-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku/
27 combat clashes took place in Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/na-donechchyni-vidbulos-27-bojovyh-zitknen/
We appreciate every life, remember history and together protect freedom - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/czinuyemo-kozhne-zhyttya-pamyatayemo-istoriyu-i-razom-zahyshhayemo-svobodu-prezydent-ukrayiny/
"The faces of our winners will be just like that" - the General Staff showed photos
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/oblychchya-nashyh-peremozhcziv-budut-same-taki-genshtab-pokazav-foto-muzhnih-voyiniv-zsu/
Defense forces struck 2 areas of focus of enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/syly-oborony-urazyly-2-rajony-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
The Navy told what their artillerymen dreamed of
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/u-vms-rozpovily-pro-shho-mriyut-yihni-artylerysty/
An exhibition about the war in Ukraine in Ukraine opened a street artist from France Christian Gemie.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/u-kyyevi-vidkrylasya-vystavka-pro-vijnu-v-ukrayini-vulychnogo-hudozhnyka-z-francziyi-kristiana-gemi/
The public campaign is ongoing to renam one of the streets in honor of the Chibbieev brothers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/tryvaye-publichna-kampaniya-shhodo-perejmenuvannya-odniyeyi-z-vulycz-na-chest-brativ-chybinyeyevyh/
As our defenders conquered another position
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/suhoputni-vijska-pokazaly-yak-nashi-zahysnyky-vidvoyuvaly-shhe-odnu-pozycziyu/
In OK "South", infantry training continues
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/v-ok-pivden-tryvaye-pidgotovka-pihotyncziv/
Short. War. Day 501th. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/korotko-vijna-den-501-videodajdzhest/
Ukraine and Liberia discussed the interaction within the UN and the formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733992-ukraina-i-liberia-obgovorili-vzaemodiu-v-mezah-oon-i-formulu-miru.html
Books about war in Ukraine will come out in Korea, Slovakia and the USA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3733946-knigi-pro-vijnu-v-ukraini-vijdut-u-korei-slovaccini-ta-ssa.html
In the Uzbekistan in the election the incumbent president won
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733895-v-uzbekistani-na-viborah-peremig-cinnij-prezident.html
In the Russian Federation shot the submarine commander who fired at Vinnitsa a "caliber" a year ago
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734071-u-rf-rozstrilali-komandira-pidvodnogo-covna-akij-rik-tomu-obstrilav-vinnicu-kalibrami.html
Ministers of Culture of Ukraine, Baltic and Poland have signed a declaration in support of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3733886-ministri-kulturi-ukraini-baltii-ta-polsi-pidpisali-deklaraciu-na-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
A volcano eruption began near Iceland's capital
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734066-nepodalik-stolici-islandii-pocalosa-viverzenna-vulkana.html
Kyiv's accession to NATO is possible only after the war - the Foreign Minaly of Italy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734064-vstup-kieva-do-nato-mozlivij-lise-pisla-vijni-mzs-italii.html
US President and King Britain discussed overcoming the climate crisis - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734063-prezident-ssa-i-korol-britanii-obgovorili-podolanna-klimaticnoi-krizi-bilij-dim.html
Zelensky actually confirmed personal participation in NATO summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734061-zelenskij-pidtverdiv-osobistu-ucast-u-samiti-nato.html
Kostyuk made his way to the 1/4 finals of the mixed category Wimbledon-2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734059-kostuk-probilasa-do-14-finalu-zmisanogo-rozradu-vimbldona2023.html
In Orikhov completed search work - the number of victims increased to seven
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3734062-v-orihovi-zaversili-posukovi-roboti-kilkist-zertv-zrosla-do-semi.html
Nobel Laureate Matviychuk called President South Africa to take a clear position on Putin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734056-nobelivska-laureatka-matvijcuk-zaklikala-prezidenta-par-zajnati-citku-poziciu-sodo-putina.html
Zelensky: Ukraine needs a clear signal for future NATO membership - right now
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734055-zelenskij-ukraini-potriben-citkij-signal-sodo-majbutnogo-clenstva-v-nato-same-zaraz.html
Oceania will fill the last job at the World Cup Championships
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734070-okeania-zapovnit-ostannu-vakansiu-na-cempionati-svitu-z-plaznogo-futbolu.html
Ukrzaliznytsia extinguished the debt to the Kryukiv Wagon Plant
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734086-ukrzaliznica-pogasila-zaborgovanist-pered-krukivskim-vagonobudivnim-zavodom.html
Pums of 1/4 of the male single category of Wimbledon tournament became known
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734088-stali-vidomi-pari-14-finalu-colovicogo-odinocnogo-rozradu-vimbldonskogo-turniru.html
Erdogan agreed to unlock Sweden's introduction to NATO - Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734091-erdogan-pogodivsa-rozblokuvati-vstup-svecii-v-nato-stoltenberg.html
In a number of regions of Ukraine air alarm - report the missile hazard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734092-na-pivnoci-ukraini-povitrana-trivoga-povidomlaut-pro-raketnu-nebezpeku.html
RheinMetall will open a plant for armored vehicles in Ukraine in the next three months
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3733881-rheinmetall-vidkrie-zavod-z-virobnictva-bronetehniki-v-ukraini-u-najblizci-tri-misaci.html
For competitive selection in "Veteran Assistants" already submitted 133 applications
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733882-na-konkursnij-vidbir-u-pomicniki-veterana-vze-podali-133-zaavki.html
Ukrainian students will receive two thousand laptops from Save The Children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733892-ukrainski-skolari-otrimaut-dvi-tisaci-noutbukiv-vid-organizacii-save-the-children.html
The Ministry of Finance this year attracted ₴ 135 billion because of the release of military bonds
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3733890-minfin-cogoric-zaluciv-135-milardiv-cerez-vipusk-vijskovih-obligacij.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
As a result of a rocket attack on Nikolaev, a civilian - Kim
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733899-unaslidok-raketnoi-ataki-na-mikolaiv-postrazdav-civilnij-kim.html
Through Ukrainian export, world prices for products have fallen almost a quarter - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3733896-cerez-ukrainskij-eksport-svitovi-cini-na-produkti-vpali-majze-na-cvert-espert.html
To the destroyed Kharkiv eco -park returned camels
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733897-do-zrujnovanogo-harkivskogo-ekoparku-povernuli-verbludiv.html
Erdogan has put forward a new condition for Sweden's accession to NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733898-erdogan-visunuv-novu-umovu-dla-vstupu-svecii-do-nato.html
In the Nikolaev area, the landfill is burning - the fire is extinguished from the night
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733908-na-mikolaivsini-palae-smittezvalise-pozezu-gasat-z-noci.html
Discussions on security guarantees for Ukraine are ongoing - SHOLC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733903-diskusii-sodo-bezpekovih-garantij-dla-ukraini-trivaut-solc.html
In Ukraine, it is not possible to say objectively whether a person is an oligarch, it is impossible - OP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3733901-v-ukraini-narazi-obektivno-skazati-ci-e-ludina-oligarhom-nemozlivo-op.html
Usik and Dubois held the first battle of views
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733909-usik-ta-dubua-proveli-persu-bitvu-pogladiv.html
Klimenko introduced the new commander of the National Guard Alexander Pivnenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733910-klimenko-predstaviv-novogo-komanduvaca-nacgvardii-oleksandra-pivnenka.html
The invaders are reinforcing air defense in Crimea outdated anti -aircraft guns - guerrillas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3733911-zagarbniki-posiluut-ppo-v-krimu-zastarilimi-zenitnimi-garmatami-partizani.html
Marchenko made his way to the main grid of the ATP series Challenger in Chicago
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734093-marcenko-probivsa-do-osnovnoi-sitki-turniru-atp-serii-challenger-v-cikago.html
There are three more victims of rocket stroke in Lviv hospitals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733914-u-likarnah-lvova-zalisautsa-se-troe-postrazdalih-vid-raketnogo-udara.html
Australia will send a survey of observation and more than 100 armored vehicles to Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733916-avstralia-napravit-do-frn-specialnij-litak-sposterezenna-za-povitranim-prostorom.html
In the Crimea, the FSB forces the "managers" of enterprises to report pro -Ukrainian sentiment among employees
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3733917-u-krimu-fsb-zmusue-kerivnikiv-pidpriemstv-povidomlati-pro-proukrainski-nastroi-sered-pracivnikiv.html
In China, a man with a knife attacked kindergarten: six dead, three of whom are children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733920-u-kitai-colovik-iz-nozem-napav-na-ditsadok-sestero-zagiblih-troe-z-akih-diti.html
Ukraine has received the first licenses for Paralympiad-2024
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733921-ukraina-zdobula-persi-licenzii-na-paralimpiadu2024.html
The IMF will follow the reform of Ukrainian customs - Stepanian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3733923-mvf-slidkuvatime-za-reformou-ukrainskoi-mitnici-stepanan.html
To Kyiv and the area of ​​Sun a thunderstorm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3733929-na-kiiv-ta-oblast-sune-groza.html
In Vilnius Transport System occurred through hacker attacks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733925-u-transportnij-sistemi-vilnusa-stavsa-zbij-cerez-hakerski-ataki.html
Deputies propose to recall Shufrych from the post of Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada Committee on Freedom of Speech
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733926-deputati-proponuut-radi-vidklikati-sufrica-z-posadi-golovi-komitetu-vr-z-pitan-svobodi-slova.html
Khmelnytsky Children's Hospital received equipment from the Lithuanian twin city
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733927-hmelnicka-ditaca-likarna-otrimala-obladnanna-vid-litovskogo-mistapobratima.html
Serbia will buy gas in Montenegro
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733931-serbia-zakupovuvatime-gaz-u-cornogorii.html
There is no point in discussing its membership in NATO - Stoltenberg before Ukraine's victory
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733932-do-peremogi-ukraini-nemae-sensu-obgovoruvati-ii-clenstvo-v-nato-stoltenberg.html
Russian fuel continues to get into the Ukrainian market - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3733933-rosijske-palne-prodovzue-potraplati-na-ukrainskij-rinok-ekspert.html
In the Kherson region, the Greater Alexandrovsk community rebuilds 8 patron areas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3733935-na-hersonsini-velikooleksandrivsku-gromadu-vidbudovuut-8-oblastejpatronativ.html
In Donetsk, the Russians fired twice rescuers who extinguished the fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733936-na-doneccini-rosiani-dvici-obstrilali-ratuvalnikiv-aki-gasili-pozezu.html
Children Cinema Fest announced this year's winners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3733938-cildren-kinofest-ogolosiv-cogoricnih-peremozciv.html
FIFA Disciplinary Committee did not recognize Dnipro-1 by the successor of Dnipro
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733940-disciplinarnij-komitet-fifa-ne-viznav-dnipro1-pravonastupnikom-dnipra.html
China hopes the US will cancel increased duties on goods with China
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733943-kitaj-spodivaetsa-so-ssa-skasuut-pidviseni-mita-na-tovari-z-knr.html
Only the victory of Ukraine will return safety to Europe - Nausseda
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733944-lise-peremoga-ukraini-poverne-bezpeku-v-evropu-nauseda.html
The Ukrainians in the EU continued free roaming for another 12 months
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3734095-ukraincam-v-es-prodovzili-bezkostovnij-rouming-se-na-12-misaciv.html
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs asks to communicate Ukrainian veteran whom Wizz Air landed from a plane
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733947-mzs-prosit-vijti-na-zvazok-ukrainskogo-veterana-akogo-wizz-air-visadili-z-litaka.html
“Soviet BMP and not standing close”: The painter told about the benefits of M2 Bradley on the battlefield
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733950-radanski-bmp-i-blizko-ne-stoat-malar-rozpovila-pro-perevagi-m2-bradley-na-poli-bou.html
Schmigal has instructed to increase state order in educational institutions for doctors and social workers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733953-smigal-doruciv-zbilsiti-derzzamovlenna-u-zakladah-osviti-na-medikiv-i-socpracivnikiv.html
Yovichevich headed the club in Saudi Arabia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733954-jovicevic-ocoliv-klub-u-saudivskij-aravii.html
Book of journalist Rudenko "Fight for Kiev" with Titov's illustrations will be released on Independence Day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3733955-kniga-zurnalista-rudenka-bij-za-kiiv-z-ilustraciami-titova-vijde-do-dna-nezaleznosti.html
Biden and Sunak discussed the support of Ukraine in London
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733956-bajden-i-sunak-obgovorili-u-londoni-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
Mykolenko did not go to Switzerland with Everton
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733957-mikolenko-ne-poihav-na-zbir-u-svejcariu-z-evertonom.html
Fuel and Autogaz will continue to rise - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3733960-palne-ta-avtogaz-prodovzat-dorozcati-ekspert.html
Japan's President and Japan Prime Minister can meet NATO Summit in Lithuania - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733963-prezident-ukraini-ta-premer-aponii-mozut-zustritisa-na-polah-samitu-nato-v-litvi-zmi.html
South Korea sent a party of non -lethal military cargo to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733964-pivdenna-korea-napravila-ukraini-partiu-neletalnih-vijskovih-vantaziv.html
A large -scale event dedicated to the culture of Romania Ukrainians took place in Timisoara city
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3733879-u-misti-timisoara-vidbuvsa-masstabnij-zahid-prisvacenij-kulturi-ukrainciv-rumunii.html
Poland has begun training for Ukrainian volunteers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733966-u-polsi-rozpocalisa-navcanna-dla-ukrainskih-dobrovolcivvogneborciv.html
In Mariupol, the Russians equip warehouses with ammunition in the middle of residential buildings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733970-u-mariupoli-rosiani-oblastovuut-skladi-z-boekomplektami-posered-zitlovoi-zabudovi.html
In Rivne region there was an accident - one person died
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733973-na-rivnensini-stalasa-dtp-odna-ludina-zaginula.html
If Russia creates a catastrophe for the ZPP, the responsibility for it will be inevitable - the State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734097-akso-rosia-stvorit-katastrofu-na-zaes-vidpovidalnist-dla-nei-bude-neminucou-derzdep.html
Most Ukrainian refugees and displaced persons plan to return home - UN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733977-bilsist-ukrainskih-bizenciv-ta-pereselenciv-planuut-povernutisa-dodomu-oon.html
Shmigal had a conversation with the newly appointed Finnish Prime Minister - Talked about rebuilding
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3733979-smigal-proviv-rozmovu-z-novopriznacenim-premerom-finlandii-govorili-pro-vidbudovu.html
Solomon was examined in Tottenham - journalist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733982-solomon-projsov-medoglad-u-tottengemi-zurnalist.html
In Turkey, the Ukrainian drama "Klondike" will be shown
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3733983-u-tureccini-pokazut-ukrainsku-dramu-klondajk.html
Poland is not excluded provocations during NATO summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733984-u-polsi-ne-viklucaut-provokacij-pid-cas-samitu-nato.html
The Ukrainian IP Office has continued the status of an international search authority
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3733985-ukrainskomu-ipofisu-prodovzili-status-miznarodnogo-posukovogo-organu.html
In Orikhov under the rubble of the Issue of Humdogs can remain three people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733986-v-orihovi-pid-zavalami-punktu-vidaci-gumdopomogi-mozut-zalisatisa-troe-ludej.html
DUBUA: I respect Usik but I'm hungry boxer, go pick up all your belts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733989-dubua-povazau-usika-ale-a-golodnij-bokser-jdu-zabirati-vsi-poasi.html
TPP roof roof in Donetsk region: The death toll increased to three
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733990-obvalenna-dahu-tes-na-doneccini-kilkist-zagiblih-zrosla-do-troh.html
The protocol of promotional export will be tried for a $ 1.3 million waste for helicopter repairs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733991-eksocilnik-promoboroneksportu-suditimut-za-roztratu-13-miljona-na-remonti-vertolotiv.html
The temple in Borodyanka, where the torture was arranged for the occupation, went to the PCC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733993-hram-u-borodanci-de-za-okupacii-bulo-vlastovano-kativnu-perejsov-do-pcu.html
Berlin announced two military assistance packages to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733995-berlin-anonsuvav-dva-paketi-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
The enemy fired the Donetsk region - two dead and three wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734001-vorog-obstrilav-doneccinu-dvoe-zagiblih-i-troe-poranenih.html
In Crimea, the occupiers organized for children a tent military meeting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3733998-u-krimu-okupanti-organizuvali-dla-ditej-nametovi-vijskovi-zbori.html
Tomorrow in Ukraine up to 25 ° warm, mostly without precipitation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733837-zavtra-v-ukraini-do-25-tepla-perevazno-bez-opadiv.html
Consumer prices in June increased by 0.8% - State Statistics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734004-spozivci-cini-u-cervni-zrosli-na-08-derzstat.html
Strengthening and Readiness for Action: Duda called expectations from NATO Summit in Vilnius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734010-zmicnenna-ta-gotovnist-do-dij-duda-nazvav-ocikuvanna-vid-samitu-nato-u-vilnusi.html
In half a year of Khotyn fortress, about 20,000 tourists visited
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3734013-za-piv-roku-hotinsku-fortecu-vidvidali-blizko-20-tisac-turistiv.html
Canada is more than twice as exacerbated by military presence in Latvia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734009-kanada-bilse-au-udvici-posilue-vijskovu-prisutnist-u-latvii.html
In the south defense forces continue offensive, in the east there are heavy battles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734017-na-pivdni-sili-oboroni-prodovzuut-nastup-na-shodi-jdut-vazki-boi.html
Kichenok rivals in the Quarter Finals Miksta Wimbledon-2023 were determined
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734016-viznacilisa-superniki-kicenok-u-cvertfinali-mikstu-vimbldona2023.html
In Kirovohrad region, a graphite concentrate production plant will be built
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3734020-na-kirovogradsini-pobuduut-zavod-z-virobnictva-grafitovogo-koncentratu.html
The first rival of the national team of Ukraine in the Volleyball Cup became known
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734022-stav-vidomij-persij-supernik-zbirnoi-ukraini-u-volejbolnomu-kubku-pretendentok.html
We will support Ukraine as much as needed - Metzola
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734023-budemo-pidtrimuvati-ukrainu-stilki-skilki-potribno-mecola.html
Poland received from South Korea the first FA-50 fighter jets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734024-polsa-otrimala-vid-pivdennoi-korei-persi-vinisuvaci-fa50.html
India has increased the purchase of weapons in the US to depend less on Russia - Reuters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734025-india-zbilsila-zakupivli-zbroi-u-ssa-sob-mense-zalezati-vid-rosii-reuters.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: in settlements, water supply is being restored
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3734029-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-u-naselenih-punktah-vidnovluut-vodopostacanna.html
In European countries, temperature records are recorded on the background of anomalous heat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733951-u-krainah-evropi-fiksuut-temperaturni-rekordi-na-tli-anomalnoi-speki.html
In Kharkiv during the rainfall trees fell by car
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3734031-u-harkovi-pid-cas-zlivi-dereva-popadali-na-avtomobili.html
The supply of water from the Karlovsky reservoir is planned to be restored by mid -July - OP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3734077-podacu-vodi-z-karlivskogo-vodoshovisa-planuut-vidnoviti-do-seredini-lipna-op.html
Impressive photos of Ukrainian defenders showed OK East "
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/vrazhayuchi-foto-roboty-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv-pokazalo-ok-shid/
In Kherson as a result of shelling a wounded peaceful resident
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3734037-u-hersoni-vnaslidok-obstrilu-poranenij-mirnij-zitel.html
Russian troops fired from helicopters and artillery border village in Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734039-vijska-rf-obstrilali-z-gelikopteriv-i-artilerii-prikordonne-selo-na-harkivsini.html
In Poland, they hope for a clear NATO signal to support Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734042-u-polsi-spodivautsa-na-citkij-signal-vid-nato-sodo-pidtrimki-ukraini.html
The army of the Russian Federation fired from Tornado-C of Dnipropetrovsk, there is a wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734045-armia-rf-obstrilala-z-tornados-dnipropetrovsinu-e-poranenij.html
There was an explosion in Moscow that caused a strong fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734047-u-moskvi-prolunav-vibuh-so-spriciniv-silnu-pozezu.html
Zelensky: Ukraine needs a clear signal for future NATO membership - right now
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734055-zelenskij-ukraini-potriben-citkij-signal-sodo-majbutnogo-clenstva-v-nato-same-zaraz.html
Nobel Laureate Matviychuk called President South Africa to take a clear position on Putin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734056-nobelivska-laureatka-matvijcuk-zaklikala-prezidenta-par-zajnati-citku-poziciu-sodo-putina.html
In Orikhov completed search work - the number of victims increased to seven
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3734062-v-orihovi-zaversili-posukovi-roboti-kilkist-zertv-zrosla-do-semi.html
Kostyuk made his way to the 1/4 finals of the mixed category Wimbledon-2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734059-kostuk-probilasa-do-14-finalu-zmisanogo-rozradu-vimbldona2023.html
Zelensky actually confirmed personal participation in NATO summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734061-zelenskij-pidtverdiv-osobistu-ucast-u-samiti-nato.html
US President and King Britain discussed overcoming the climate crisis - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734063-prezident-ssa-i-korol-britanii-obgovorili-podolanna-klimaticnoi-krizi-bilij-dim.html
Kyiv's accession to NATO is possible only after the war - the Foreign Minaly of Italy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734064-vstup-kieva-do-nato-mozlivij-lise-pisla-vijni-mzs-italii.html
A volcano eruption began near Iceland's capital
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734066-nepodalik-stolici-islandii-pocalosa-viverzenna-vulkana.html
In the Russian Federation shot the submarine commander who fired at Vinnitsa a "caliber" a year ago
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734071-u-rf-rozstrilali-komandira-pidvodnogo-covna-akij-rik-tomu-obstrilav-vinnicu-kalibrami.html
Oceania will fill the last job at the World Cup Championships
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734070-okeania-zapovnit-ostannu-vakansiu-na-cempionati-svitu-z-plaznogo-futbolu.html
The supply of water from the Karlovsky reservoir is planned to be restored by mid -July - OP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3734077-podacu-vodi-z-karlivskogo-vodoshovisa-planuut-vidnoviti-do-seredini-lipna-op.html
Bulgaria continued the support program for seekers of asylum from Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/bolgariya-prodovzhyla-programu-pidtrymky-shukachiv-prytulku-z-ukrayiny/
Russia failed "focuses" within the grain agreement - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734075-rosii-ne-vdalisa-fokusi-u-mezah-zernovoi-ugodi-ekspert.html
"The colon of young people in the trenches": Musk spoke about Ukrainian counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734073-gine-cvit-molodi-v-okopah-mask-vislovivsa-sodo-ukrainskogo-kontrnastupu.html
State Department on 500 days of large -scale war: States will continue to stand firmly with Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734080-derzdep-pro-500-dniv-masstabnoi-vijni-stati-j-nadali-micno-stoatimut-z-ukrainou.html
US decision to give Ukraine cassette ammunition will not violate the unity between the Allies - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734084-risenna-ssa-nadati-ukraini-kasetni-boepripasi-ne-porusit-ednosti-miz-souznikami-derzdep.html
In the Tavriysk direction of the Defense Forces of Ukraine move forward - Tarnavsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734076-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-sili-oboroni-ukraini-prosuvautsa-vpered-tarnavskij.html
The Russians in a day 26 times fired at Sumy region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734083-rosiani-za-den-26-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
State Department on Erdogan's "Conditions": Sweden Membership in NATO is not related to Turkey's desire for the EU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734087-derzdep-pro-umovi-erdogana-clenstvo-svecii-v-nato-ne-povazane-z-pragnennam-tureccini-do-es.html
Ukrzaliznytsia extinguished the debt to the Kryukiv Wagon Plant
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734086-ukrzaliznica-pogasila-zaborgovanist-pered-krukivskim-vagonobudivnim-zavodom.html
Pums of 1/4 of the male single category of Wimbledon tournament became known
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734088-stali-vidomi-pari-14-finalu-colovicogo-odinocnogo-rozradu-vimbldonskogo-turniru.html
Erdogan agreed to unlock Sweden's introduction to NATO - Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734091-erdogan-pogodivsa-rozblokuvati-vstup-svecii-v-nato-stoltenberg.html
In a number of regions of Ukraine air alarm - report the missile hazard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734092-na-pivnoci-ukraini-povitrana-trivoga-povidomlaut-pro-raketnu-nebezpeku.html
Marchenko made his way to the main grid of the ATP series Challenger in Chicago
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734093-marcenko-probivsa-do-osnovnoi-sitki-turniru-atp-serii-challenger-v-cikago.html
The Ukrainians in the EU continued free roaming for another 12 months
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3734095-ukraincam-v-es-prodovzili-bezkostovnij-rouming-se-na-12-misaciv.html
If Russia creates a catastrophe for the ZPP, the responsibility for it will be inevitable - the State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734097-akso-rosia-stvorit-katastrofu-na-zaes-vidpovidalnist-dla-nei-bude-neminucou-derzdep.html
The Guards of the offensive continue to train intensively
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/brygady-gvardiyi-nastupu-prodovzhuyut-intensyvno-trenuvatysya/
How to use a trophy "sungphachec", showed our defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/yak-vykorystovuvaty-trofejnyj-sonczepek-pokazaly-nashi-zahysnyky/
OK "North" showed how our units perform tasks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/ok-pivnich-pokazalo-yak-vykonuyut-zadachi-nashi-pidrozdily/
Divisions of missile troops and artillery struck two areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/pidrozdily-raketnyh-vijsk-i-artyleriyi-urazyly-2-rajony-zoseredzhennya-voroga-2/
About 30 combat clashes took place in Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/na-donechchyni-vidbulos-blyzko-30-bojovyh-zitknen/
Enemy's daily loss: minus 440 invaders, 7 tanks and 5 artistem
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/dobovi-vtraty-voroga-minus-440-okupantiv-7-tankiv-ta-5-artsystem/
NATO Secretary General has released the details of the Alliance summit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/gensek-nato-oprylyudnyv-detali-samitu-alyansu/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Russia failed "focuses" within the grain agreement - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734075-rosii-ne-vdalisa-fokusi-u-mezah-zernovoi-ugodi-ekspert.html
From the territory of Russia continue to fire border communities of Chernihiv and Sumy regions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/z-terytoriyi-rosiyi-prodovzhuyut-obstrilyuvaty-prykordonni-gromady-chernigivskoyi-j-sumskoyi-oblastej/
Committee with the Square of Odessa: the Armed Forces reported how many kilometers were released from the beginning of the offensive
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/spivmirno-z-ploshheyu-odesy-u-zsu-povidomyly-skilky-kilometriv-zvilnyly-z-pochatku-nastupu/
In Poland, the 20th anniversary of the initiation of civilian-military cooperation was celebrated
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/u-polshhi-vidznachyly-20-tu-richnyczyu-zapochatkuvannya-czyvilno-vijskovogo-spivrobitnycztva/
Defense forces are moving in the Bakhmut direction, in some places enemy trapped
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/syly-oborony-prosuvayutsya-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-podekudy-vorog-u-pastczi/
To protect against Russian ballistic missiles, we need more air defense systems Patriot - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/shhob-zahystytysya-vid-rosijskyh-balistychnyh-raket-nam-potribno-bilshe-system-protypovitryanoyi-oborony-patriot-yurij-ignat/
"The colon of young people in the trenches": Musk spoke about Ukrainian counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734073-gine-cvit-molodi-v-okopah-mask-vislovivsa-sodo-ukrainskogo-kontrnastupu.html
In Mykolaiv region detained the invaders who helped to prepare a missile strike on a military hospital
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/na-mykolayivshhyni-zatrymano-informatora-okupantiv-yakyj-dopomagav-gotuvaty-raketnyj-udar-po-vijskovomu-shpytalyu/
The check of defense capabilities in the three northern regions of Ukraine - Sergey Naev is completed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/zaversheno-perevirku-oboronnyh-spromozhnostej-u-troh-pivnichnyh-oblastyah-ukrayiny-sergij-nayev/
Specialists of the Ministry of Defense and the Armed Forces of Ukraine on cybersecurity visited NATO structures
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/fahivczi-minoborony-ta-zbrojnyh-syl-ukrayiny-z-pytan-kiberbezpeky-vidvidaly-struktury-nato/
Situation with the level of life in the temporarily occupied territories resembles Cuba - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/sytuacziya-z-rivnem-zhyttyam-na-tymchasovo-okupovanyh-terytoriyah-nagaduye-kubu-gur/
NATO has agreed to simplify Ukraine's journey to the Alliance - Dmytro Kuleba
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/u-nato-domovylysya-sprostyty-ukrayini-shlyah-vstupu-do-alyansu-dmytro-kuleba/
State Department on 500 days of large -scale war: States will continue to stand firmly with Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734080-derzdep-pro-500-dniv-masstabnoi-vijni-stati-j-nadali-micno-stoatimut-z-ukrainou.html
In a week in the liberated regions, Ukrainian sappers were neutralized over 2.5 thousand explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/za-tyzhden-u-zvilnenyh-regionah-ukrayinski-sapery-zneshkodyly-ponad-25-tysyachi-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
The Center for Combating Misinformation told how Ukrainians rubbed the nose to the Russians throughout the history
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/yak-ukrayinczi-vtyraly-nosa-rosiyanam-protyagom-istoriyi-pokazav-czentr-protydiyi-dezinformacziyi/
They exposed a former communist people's deputy who signed Putin's appeal to recognize "L/DNR"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/vykryly-kolyshnogo-nardepa-komunista-yakyj-pidpysav-zvernennya-do-putina-shhodo-vyznannya-l-dnr/
The Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine met with the Expature of the Latvian Republic
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/golova-verhovnoyi-rady-ukrayiny-zustrivsya-z-eksprezydentom-latvijskoyi-respubliky/
During the week, Rosarmia struck 39 rocket launchers in Ukraine and 334 aircraft blows - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/za-tyzhden-rosarmiya-zavdala-po-ukrayini-39-raketnyh-ta-334-aviaczijnyh-udariv-ganna-malyar/
Among the recruits in the army of the Russian Federation are drug addicts and patients with hepatitis
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/sered-novobrancziv-v-armiyi-rf-ye-narkozalezhni-ta-hvori-na-gepatyt/
Absolute Support: Ukrainians see the country in NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/absolyutna-pidtrymka-ukrayinczi-bachat-krayinu-v-skladi-nato/
Dmytro Kuleba in conversation with Anthony Blinken: We work to make NATO's Summit Decisions winning for everyone
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/dmytro-kuleba-u-rozmovi-z-entoni-blinkenom-praczyuyemo-nad-tym-shhob-rishennya-samitu-nato-buly-vygrashnymy-dlya-vsih/
In Sumy region will evacuate the residents of the border
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/na-sumshhyni-provedut-evakuacziyu-zhyteliv-prykordonnya/
France will strengthen Ukraine's military support and prepare Ukrainian pilots - the Foreign Minister of the country
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/francziya-posylyt-vijskovu-pidtrymku-ukrayiny-ta-gotuvatyme-ukrayinskyh-pilotiv-glava-mzs-krayiny/
US decision to give Ukraine cassette ammunition will not violate the unity between the Allies - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734084-risenna-ssa-nadati-ukraini-kasetni-boepripasi-ne-porusit-ednosti-miz-souznikami-derzdep.html
The heads of the Parliaments of Six European countries called on NATO Summit Participants ’ to take up Ukraine to the Alliance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/golovy-parlamentiv-shesty-yevropejskyh-krayin-zaklykaly-uchasnykiv-samitu-nato-zobovyazatysya-vzyaty-ukrayinu-do-alyansu/
On July 11, a round table will take place on the topic: "Psychological support of warriors in hostilities"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/11-lypnya-vidbudetsya-kruglyj-stil-na-temu-psyhologichna-pidtrymka-voyiniv-u-rajonah-bojovyh-dij/
Bakhmut is taken under fire control of defense forces - Alexander Syrsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/bahmut-beretsya-pid-vognevyj-kontrol-syl-oborony-oleksandr-syrskyj/
French special farm for reconstruction came to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/v-ukrayinu-pryyihav-speczposlannyk-francziyi-z-pytan-vidbudovy/
133 applications have already been submitted for competitive selection for veteran assistants
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/na-konkursnyj-vidbir-u-pomichnyky-veterana-vzhe-podano-133-zayavky/
In the Black, Azov and Mediterranean seas there is no carbon carrier
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/u-chornomu-azovskomu-ta-seredzemnomu-moryah-nemaye-zhodnogo-nosiya-kalibriv/
Ukraine should become a member of NATO, it is time to give a clear plan, as we will achieve it - President of Lithuania
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/ukrayina-maye-staty-chlenom-nato-nastav-chas-nadaty-chitkyj-plan-yak-my-czogo-dosyagnemo-prezydent-lytvy/
During the day, Russia fired 93 settlements of Ukraine, among civilians are killed and injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/za-dobu-rosiya-obstrilyala-93-naseleni-punkty-ukrayiny-sered-czyvilnyh-ye-zagybli-ta-poraneni/
Britain provides specialized fire trucks to Ukraine and has prepared Ukrainian rescuers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/brytaniya-nadaye-ukrayini-speczializovani-pozhezhni-mashyny-ta-provela-pidgotovku-ukrayinskyh-ryatuvalnykiv/
More than 97 thousand war crimes have documented the Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/ponad-97-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv-zadokumentuvav-ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny/
In the Tavriysk direction of the Defense Forces of Ukraine move forward - Tarnavsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734076-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-sili-oboroni-ukraini-prosuvautsa-vpered-tarnavskij.html
The RIA Expert Rotation of three Ukrainian NPPs took place
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/vidbulasya-rotacziya-ekspertiv-magate-na-troh-ukrayinskyh-aes/
Traveled Ukrainian grain - the captain of the Russian vessel was informed of suspicion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/perevozyv-nagrabovane-ukrayinske-zerno-kapitanu-rosijskogo-sudna-povidomleno-pro-pidozru/
Ukrainian soldiers in a week destroyed 11 enemy warehouses with ammunition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/ukrayinski-voyiny-za-tyzhden-znyshhyly-11-vorozhyh-skladiv-z-boyeprypasamy/
The Ukrainian military took control of the main dominant heights around Bakhmut - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/ukrayinski-vijskovi-vzyaly-pid-kontrol-osnovni-panivni-vysoty-dovkola-bahmuta-ganna-malyar/
Defense forces continue offensive in Melitopol and Berdyansk directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/syly-oborony-prodovzhuyut-nastup-na-melitopolskomu-ta-berdyanskomu-napryamkah/
Defense forces in a week destroyed 2 tank mouths, 2 motorized rifle battalions and 7 Artdijiios
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/syly-oborony-za-tyzhden-znyshhyly-2-tankovi-roty-2-motostrileczkyh-bataljony-i-7-artdyvizioniv/
The enemy has caused 22 aircraft and made about 30 shelling of the RSZV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/protyvnyk-zavdav-22-aviaudary-ta-zdijsnyv-blyzko-30-obstriliv-z-rszv/
We will strengthen our support of Ukraine and bring Ukraine closer to NATO - Jens Stoltenberg
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/my-posylymo-nashu-pidtrymku-ukrayiny-i-nablyzymo-ukrayinu-do-nato-yens-stoltenberg/
64 invaders - Sergey Cherevaty were destroyed in Bakhmut's battles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/u-boyah-pid-bahmutom-znyshheno-64-okupanty-sergij-cherevatyj/
Igor Klimenko presented a new commander of the National Guard of Ukraine Alexander Pivnenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/igor-klymenko-predstavyv-novogo-komanduvacha-naczionalnoyi-gvardiyi-ukrayiny-oleksandra-pivnenka/
The Russians in a day 26 times fired at Sumy region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734083-rosiani-za-den-26-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
In Irpen, rehabilitation with ethnic motifs brought together Ukrainians and guests from Lithuania
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/v-irpeni-reabilitacziya-z-etnichnymy-motyvamy-obyednala-ukrayincziv-ta-gostej-z-lytvy/
Our art has destroyed 3 areas of concentration and 7 enemy arts
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/nasha-arta-znyshhyla-3-rajony-zoseredzhennya-ta-7-artzasobiv-voroga/
Ukraine will be in NATO, working on an algorithm for acquiring membership - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/ukrayina-bude-v-nato-praczyuyemo-nad-algorytmom-nabuttya-chlenstva-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
There were 17 fighting collisions – during the day; General Staff
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/protyagom-doby-vidbulosya-17-bojovyh-zitknen-genshtab/
In the Taurian direction of defense force systematically destroy the enemy - Alexander Tarnavsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-syly-oborony-systemno-znyshhuyut-voroga-oleksandr-tarnavskyj-2/
"The commander shouts:" The wounded is not touched, we throw everyone!" - Gur interception
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/komandyr-krychyt-poranenyh-ne-chipaty-kydayemo-vsih-gur-perehoplennya/
Two killed and three wounded as a result of the padders in Donetsk - the investigation was launched
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/dvoye-zagyblyh-ta-troye-poranenyh-vnaslidok-artobstriliv-okupantamy-na-donechchyni-rozpochato-rozsliduvannya/
Ukraine is constantly experiencing the solidarity of the people and the government of Finland - Denis Shmigal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/ukrayina-postijno-vidchuvaye-solidarnist-narodu-ta-uryadu-finlyandiyi-denys-shmygal/
Turkey has agreed to pass the protocol on the adoption of Sweden to NATO - Jens Stoltenberg
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/turechchyna-pogodylasya-yaknajshvydshe-peredaty-protokol-pro-pryjnyattya-shvecziyi-do-nato-yens-stoltenberg/
Short. War. Day 502
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/korotko-vijna-den-502/
State Department on Erdogan's "Conditions": Sweden Membership in NATO is not related to Turkey's desire for the EU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734087-derzdep-pro-umovi-erdogana-clenstvo-svecii-v-nato-ne-povazane-z-pragnennam-tureccini-do-es.html
In Cherkasy region, a suspicion of the UOC -MP, who called on Russia to seize all Ukraine, was declared suspicion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733883-na-cerkasini-ogolosili-pidozru-predstavniku-upc-mp-akij-zaklikav-rosiu-zahopiti-vsu-ukrainu.html
Iran was outraged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734103-iran-oburivsa-pozovom-cotiroh-krain-do-miznarodnogo-sudu-oon-sodo-zbitogo-litaka-mau.html
States about Putin and Prigogine's meeting: they are both criminals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734101-stati-pro-zustric-putina-ta-prigozina-voni-obidva-zlocinci.html
China became a rival of volleyball players of Ukraine in the Challenger Cap-2023 tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734100-kitaj-stav-supernikom-volejbolistiv-zbirnoi-ukraini-u-turniri-cellendzer-kap2023.html
Ukraine seeks security guarantees until it becomes a full member of NATO - Stefanchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734099-ukraina-pragne-garantij-bezpeki-poki-ne-stane-povnopravnim-clenom-nato-stefancuk.html
Ukraine seeks security guarantees until it becomes a full member of NATO - Stefanchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734099-ukraina-pragne-garantij-bezpeki-poki-ne-stane-povnopravnim-clenom-nato-stefancuk.html
China became a rival of volleyball players of Ukraine in the Challenger Cap-2023 tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734100-kitaj-stav-supernikom-volejbolistiv-zbirnoi-ukraini-u-turniri-cellendzer-kap2023.html
States about Putin and Prigogine's meeting: they are both criminals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734101-stati-pro-zustric-putina-ta-prigozina-voni-obidva-zlocinci.html
Iran was outraged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734103-iran-oburivsa-pozovom-cotiroh-krain-do-miznarodnogo-sudu-oon-sodo-zbitogo-litaka-mau.html
In Cherkasy region, a suspicion of the UOC -MP, who called on Russia to seize all Ukraine, was declared suspicion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733883-na-cerkasini-ogolosili-pidozru-predstavniku-upc-mp-akij-zaklikav-rosiu-zahopiti-vsu-ukrainu.html

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====