乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-03

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Kramatorsk, Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomark ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4968
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Avdiivka, Vodyane, Pervomaisko, Karlovka of Don ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4969
At Shakhtarske direction Russian army shelled Vuhledar, Prechystivka and Novoukrayinka. Russi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4971
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4973
US Secretary of State: We worked to help Finland develop its military industry
https://twitter.com/AlainBRK/status/1664560493904777216
Super Cup FPV: Defense Forces Selected 3 The most powerful Ukrainian UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/superkubok-fpv-predstavnyky-syl-oborony-vybraly-3-najpotuzhnishi-ukrayinski-bpla/
More than 2 million citizens of the world have signed a petition on the creation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/ponad-2-mln-gromadyan-krayin-svitu-pidpysaly-petycziyu-pro-stvorennya-specztrybunalu-nad-putinym/
Ruslan Stefanchuk thanked Lithuanian President for the support of Ukraine's Euro -Atlantic future
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/ruslan-stefanchuk-podyakuvav-prezydentu-lytvy-za-pidtrymku-yevroatlantychnogo-majbutnogo-ukrayiny/
At Shakhtarske direction Russian army shelled Vuhledar, Prechystivka and Novoukrayinka. Russi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4980
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka of Donetsk region; Malyn...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4981
The SBU exposed the seven Russian Internet agents
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3717788-sbu-vikrila-se-simoh-rosijskih-internetagentiv.html
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine stated that the proposed Indonesia "Mirny Plan" will not work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717784-u-mzs-ukraini-zaavili-so-zaproponovanij-indonezieu-mirnij-plan-ne-spracue.html
The number of victims as a result of a blow to Podgorodi increased to 13
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717956-kilkist-postrazdalih-vnaslidok-udaru-po-pidgorodnomu-zrosla-do-13.html
Sholtz responded sharply to pro -Russian protesters who tried to get up to him
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717958-solc-rizko-vidpoviv-prorosijskim-mitinguvalnikam-aki-namagalisa-jogo-osvistati.html
Erdogan has declared a new government in Turkey
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717954-erdogan-ogolosiv-novij-urad-tureccini.html
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Topoli, Dvorichansk, Kamyanka, Fonolivka, Dvorych ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4975
Zelensky - military: your strength is an example for everyone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717953-zelenskij-vijskovim-vasa-micnist-ce-priklad-dla-vsih.html
"Leipzig" won "Eintracht" in the German Cup finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717952-lejpcig-peremig-ajntraht-u-finali-kubka-nimeccini.html
President: Independence of Ukraine is not something abstract. Don't forget to thank the soldiers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717950-prezident-nezaleznist-ukraini-ce-ne-sos-abstraktne-ne-zabuvajte-dakuvati-voinam.html
In the Dnipropetrovsk region from under the rubble of the house got a man
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717947-na-dnipropetrovsini-zpid-zavaliv-budinku-distali-colovika.html
Zelensky - about the shelling of the Dnieper: under the rubble are people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717946-zelenskij-pro-obstril-dnipra-pid-zavalami-perebuvaut-ludi.html
Ukraine's male national team won Belgium in the Golden Euroleiga Volleyball match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717945-colovica-zbirna-ukraini-peremogla-belgiu-u-matci-zolotoi-evroligi-z-volejbolu.html
Biden signed a law on raising US government debt limit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717944-bajden-pidpisav-zakon-pro-pidvisenna-limitu-derzavnogo-borgu-ssa.html
In Nikolaev invaders of shelling damaged almost 40 kindergartens already
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717941-u-mikolaevi-vnaslidok-rosijskih-obstriliv-poskodzeni-37-ditsadkiv.html
The enemy hit the house in Dnipropetrovsk region, among the victims - a child
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717943-vorog-vluciv-u-budinok-na-dnipropetrovsini-sered-postrazdalih-ditina.html
Lyudmila Kichenok was defeated in the second circle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717940-ludmila-kicenok-zaznala-porazki-u-drugomu-koli-zmisanogo-rozradu-rolan-garros.html
Battery Status Analysis: Android 14 appeared one of the iPhone features
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3717926-analiz-stanu-akumulatora-v-android-14-zavilasa-odna-z-funkcij-iphone.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Verkhnokamy...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4976
Usik signed a contract with Saudi Promotor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717938-usik-pidpisav-kontrakt-z-saudivskim-promouterom.html
Russians in a day 10 times fired at Sumy region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717935-rosiani-za-den-10-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
A girl who lost her leg through a rocket strike took part in gymnastics competitions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717933-divcinka-aka-vtratila-nogu-cerez-raketnij-udar-vzala-ucast-u-zmagannah-z-gimnastiki.html
Azar will leave Real at the end of the season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717931-azar-naprikinci-sezonu-zalisit-real.html
Nadal: My recovery will last 5 months if everything goes well
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717929-nadal-moe-vidnovlenna-trivatime-5-misaciv-akso-vse-pide-dobre.html
In Kiev, police after an enemy attack took out an ammunition from a burning building
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3717924-u-kievi-policejski-pisla-vorozoi-ataki-vinesli-boepripas-iz-palaucoi-budivli.html
Battery Status Analysis: Android 14 appeared one of the iPhone features
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3717926-analiz-stanu-akumulatora-v-android-14-zavilasa-odna-z-funkcij-iphone.html
Baltops training with the participation of 50 NATO ships began in Estonia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717923-v-estonii-pocalisa-navcanna-baltops-za-ucastu-50-korabliv-nato.html
Чілдрен Кінофест оголосив міжнародну програму і Посла фестивалю
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3717922-cildren-kinofest-ogolosiv-miznarodnu-programu-i-posla-festivalu.html
Messi will leave PSG at the end of the season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717921-messi-pokine-psz-naprikinci-sezonu.html
Tsurenko won the third round of Rolan Harros
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717920-curenko-zdobula-peremogu-v-tretomu-raundi-rolan-garros.html
The Swiss Cinema Week will be held in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3717915-tizden-svejcarskogo-kino-projde-u-kievi.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Avdiivka, Pervomaisk And Karlovka of Donetsk Reo ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4978
JSC Marinka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Victory Anda Novomikhai ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4979
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Yanzhulivka, Leonivka and...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4974
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarka, times ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4977
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4982
Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Andriy Yermak had phone call with United State...
https://t.me/ermaka2022/2852
The matches of the final round of the Football Premier League of Ukraine will take place on June 4
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715751-matci-zaklucnogo-turu-futbolnoi-premerligi-ukraini-vidbudutsa-4-cervna.html
In Kharkiv, a man exploded on a mini and died
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717721-na-harkivsini-colovik-pidirvavsa-na-mini-ta-zaginuv.html
The Russians were injured in Ukraine already 998 children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717722-rosiani-poranili-v-ukraini-vze-998-ditej.html
FC "Polesie" paid for a new VAR system for the Ukrainian Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717724-fk-polissa-oplativ-novu-sistemu-var-dla-cempionatu-ukraini.html
In Melitopol, the ambulance doctor refused to hospitalize the child with statelessness of the Russian Federation - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717725-u-melitopoli-likar-svidkoi-vidmoviv-u-gospitalizacii-ditini-bez-gromadanstva-rf-zmi.html
In Kharkiv region, the enemy fired at frontline settlements and border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717729-na-harkivsini-vorog-masovano-obstriluvav-prifrontovi-naseleni-punkti-ta-prikordonna.html
Shelter in Kiev will check for ten days
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3717731-ukritta-v-kievi-perevirat-protagom-desati-dniv.html
In Indonesia, they offered their "peace plan" for Ukraine: demilitarized zone and referendum
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717733-v-indonezii-zaproponuvali-svij-mirnij-plan-dla-ukraini-demilitarizovana-zona-i-referendum.html
Zelensky expressed condolences in connection with the death of people in a railway disaster in India
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717734-zelenskij-visloviv-spivcutta-u-zvazku-iz-zagibellu-ludej-u-zaliznicnij-katastrofi-v-indii.html
The invaders fired three border communities in Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717735-zagarbniki-obstrilali-tri-prikordonni-gromadi-na-sumsini.html
Under Nayev's leadership, the Mi-24 and Mi-8 crews were trained with combat firing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717738-pid-kerivnictvom-naeva-projsli-navcanna-ekipaziv-mi24-ta-mi8-iz-bojovou-strilbou.html
Ukrainian boxers won 11 medals at the Netherlands tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717741-ukrainski-bokseri-zdobuli-11-medalej-na-turniri-v-niderlandah.html
The SBU detained the Kherson Ova official who worked on the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717742-sbu-zatrimala-posadovca-hersonskoi-ova-akij-pracuvav-na-rosian.html
Concurist Konstantin Solin became the third in Greece's competitions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717744-konkurist-kostantin-zolin-stav-tretim-na-zmagannah-u-grecii.html
More than 60,000 women protect Ukraine - Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3717748-ponad-60-tisac-zinok-zahisaut-ukrainu-minoboroni.html
In Donetsk, two civilians were killed in the day as a result of shelling, four were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717749-na-doneccini-za-dobu-vnaslidok-obstriliv-zaginuli-dvoe-civilnih-cetvero-poraneni.html
Ukrainian women rose to the "silver" step in the technical program of the COP on artistic swimming
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717754-ukrainki-pidnalisa-na-sribnu-shodinku-u-tehnicnij-programi-ks-z-artisticnogo-plavanna.html
Yermak discussed with Sullivan the realization of the Ukrainian formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717755-ermak-obgovoriv-iz-sallivanom-realizaciu-ukrainskoi-formuli-miru.html
The final tour of the Ukrainian Basketball Cup 3x3 will be held in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717760-finalnij-tur-kubka-ukraini-z-basketbolu-3h3-projde-u-kievi.html
The Legion "Freedom of Russia" suggested to the residents of the Belgorod region to evacuate to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717763-legion-svoboda-rosii-zaproponuvav-zitelam-belgorodsini-evakuuvatisa-v-ukrainu.html
In Zaporozhye on the beach children found mine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717762-u-zaporizzi-na-plazi-diti-znajsli-minu.html
Ukrainian boys became European champions in Lithuania
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717767-ukrainski-unaki-stali-cempionami-evropi-u-litvi.html
The army of the Russian Federation fired at nine regions of Ukraine - erection of OVA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717768-armia-rf-za-dobu-obstrilala-devat-regioniv-ukraini-zvedenna-ova.html
In Ukraine, more than 4800 shelters have already been checked - the Ministry of Internal Affairs Head
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3717770-v-ukraini-perevirili-vze-ponad-4800-ukrittiv-glava-mvs.html
Due to Russian shelling, six areas are partially deactivated - the Ministry of Energy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3717772-cerez-rosijski-obstrili-castkovo-znestrumleni-sist-oblastej-minenergo.html
"Musical Stories": How Musical European Integration breaks stereotypes about styles and performers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3717775-muzicni-istorii-ak-muzicna-evrointegracia-rozbivae-stereotipi-pro-stili-ta-vikonavciv.html
In Kyiv region, 46 settlements were left without light because of bad weather
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717777-na-kiivsini-46-naselenih-punktiv-zalisilisa-bez-svitla-cerez-negodu.html
In Georgia, an anti -government rally has been detained
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717778-u-gruzii-projsov-antiuradovij-miting-e-zatrimani.html
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine stated that the proposed Indonesia "Mirny Plan" will not work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717784-u-mzs-ukraini-zaavili-so-zaproponovanij-indonezieu-mirnij-plan-ne-spracue.html
Explosions reported in Berdyansk
https://t.me/dniprorudne_ukraine/2405
The SBU exposed the seven Russian Internet agents
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3717788-sbu-vikrila-se-simoh-rosijskih-internetagentiv.html
In Poltava region 35 medical facilities will receive equipment from UNICEF
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717791-na-poltavsini-35-medzakladiv-otrimaut-obladnanna-vid-unisef.html
Closed Cover: Head of the Capital Polyclinic sent under house arrest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3717793-zacinene-ukritta-kerivnika-stolicnoi-polikliniki-vidpravili-pid-domasnij-arest.html
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Estonia arrived in Kiev on a visit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717796-do-kieva-z-vizitom-pribuv-glava-mzs-estonii.html
Zelensky wants to meet with President of Brazil: I think we need to talk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717797-zelenskij-hoce-zustritisa-z-prezidentom-brazilii-vvazau-nam-treba-pogovoriti.html
Кличко перевірив низку укриттів, на які скаржилися кияни
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3717802-klicko-pereviriv-nizku-ukrittiv-na-aki-skarzilisa-kiani.html
Ukraine won the second medal on the Grand Prix of Luke Shooting in Croatia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717803-ukraina-vigrala-drugu-medal-na-granpri-zi-strilbi-z-luka-u-horvatii.html
In Ukraine, a new season of the movie "Cinema for Victory!" Start started in Ukraine!
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3717806-v-ukraini-startuvav-novij-sezon-proektu-kino-zaradi-peremogi.html
Rivne police received bicycles from German colleagues
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717810-rivnenski-policejski-otrimali-vid-nimeckih-koleg-velosipedi.html
Speeches in parliaments give the opportunity to tell the truth about events in Ukraine - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717808-vistupi-v-parlamentah-daut-mozlivist-skazati-pravdu-pro-podii-v-ukraini-zelenskij.html
Death of people near the shelter in Kiev: the court chose precautions to four suspects
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3717814-zagibel-ludej-bila-ukritta-ohoronca-polikliniki-u-kievi-vidpravili-pid-vartu.html
Romania's youth football team announced a warehouse for Euro 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717812-molodizna-zbirna-rumunii-z-futbolu-ogolosila-sklad-na-evro2023.html
In Latin America, sanctions against the Russian Federation will be supported when they know the whole truth about the war - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717819-u-latinskij-americi-pidtrimaut-sankcii-proti-rf-koli-znatimut-usu-pravdu-pro-vijnu-zelenskij.html
In Transcarpathia, four communities received buses from Hungarian partners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717820-na-zakarpatti-cotiri-gromadi-otrimali-avtobusi-vid-ugorskih-partneriv.html
In the Black Sea, Russia holds two rocket launchers with 16 "caliber"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717821-u-cornomu-mori-rosia-trimae-dva-raketonosii-iz-16-kalibrami.html
We have shown in our example that there are no great powers, there are great people - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717824-mi-pokazali-na-svoemu-prikladi-so-ne-buvae-velikih-derzav-e-veliki-ludi-zelenskij.html
Martha Kostyuk came out to the 1/8 finals of the Rolan Harros Grid Grid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717825-marta-kostuk-vijsla-do-18-finalu-parnoi-sitki-rolan-garros.html
In Melitopol, up to 10 people - Fedorov are taken away every day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717828-u-melitopoli-sodna-v-polon-zabiraut-do-10-ludej-fedorov.html
Situation on the ZPP remains unstable and potentially dangerous - Grossi
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717829-situacia-na-zaes-zalisaetsa-nestabilnou-ta-potencijno-nebezpecnou-grossi.html
The community in Dnipropetrovsk received a tent from the German organization with generators
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717833-gromada-na-dnipropetrovsini-otrimala-vid-nimeckoi-organizacii-namet-iz-generatorami.html
DPSU enhances checking the grounds for crossing the border under the "Path" system
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3717834-dpsu-posilue-perevirku-pidstav-dla-peretinu-kordonu-za-sistemou-slah.html
Зеленський - про «втому від війни» в інших країнах: Ми не втомилися захищати світ
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717835-zelenskij-pro-vtomu-vid-vijni-v-insih-krainah-mi-ne-vtomilisa-zahisati-svit.html
More than a thousand complaints of shelter have been received in Kyiv Digital
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3717837-u-kiiv-cifrovij-nadijsla-vze-ponad-tisaca-skarg-na-ukritta.html
YouTube will no longer delete a video with fake statements about the US Presidential Election 2020
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717839-youtube-bilse-ne-vidalatime-video-z-fejkovimi-zaavami-pro-prezidentski-vibori-u-ssa-2020-roku.html
At least 6 wounded as result of Russian missile strike in Pidhirodnie of Dnipro district
https://t.me/dneproperatyv/64524
Zelensky: Internal explosion in Russia is a matter of time
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717840-zelenskij-vnutrisnij-vibuh-v-rosii-ce-pitanna-casu.html
In Sumy region, police are investigating the abuse of teenagers from an 11-year-old boy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717841-na-sumsini-policia-rozslidue-znusanna-pidlitkiv-z-11ricnogo-hlopcika.html
Zelensky: We're ready for a counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717842-zelenskij-mi-gotovi-do-kontrnastupu.html
Intelligence considers the emergence of rebellion in Russia possible
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717847-rozvidka-vvazae-viniknenna-zakolotu-v-rosii-mozlivim.html
In Izmail, the International Children's Festival -Contest "Danube - River Friendship" opened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717851-na-odesini-v-izmaili-vidkrivsa-miznarodnij-ditacij-festivalkonkurs-dunaj-ricka-druzbi.html
Iran plans to create a naval alliance with the Gulf countries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717852-iran-planue-stvoriti-vijskovomorskij-alans-iz-krainami-perskoi-zatoki.html
Four fire trucks from German philanthropists arrived in Lviv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717854-na-lvivsinu-pribuli-cotiri-pozezni-avtomobili-vid-nimeckih-blagodijnikiv.html
On the captured part of Zaporozhye there was an explosion on the railway - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717856-na-zahoplenij-castini-zaporizza-stavsa-vibuh-na-zaliznici-fedorov.html
Britain systematically supports Ukraine in the legal sphere - Kostin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717857-britania-sistemno-pidtrimue-ukrainu-u-pravovij-sferi-kostin.html
Spanish winger "Real" asensio will leave a club
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717858-ispanskij-vinger-reala-asensio-zalisit-klub.html
The Russians fired three times the border of Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717860-rosiani-trici-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini.html
Erdogan has taken the oath of Turkish President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717861-erdogan-sklav-prisagu-prezidenta-tureccini.html
The MKIP calls for Ukrainians to join the book "Book on the Front"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3717863-mkip-zaklikae-ukrainciv-dolucitis-do-akcii-kniga-na-front.html
The Egyptian police officer shot three Israeli military at the border - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717867-egipetskij-policejskij-zastreliv-troh-izrailskih-vijskovih-na-kordoni-zmi.html
Ukrainian Lyudmila Kichenok and Ostapenko gave way to the second round of the steam room Rolan Harros
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717868-ukrainka-ludmila-kicenok-ta-ostapenko-postupilis-u-drugomu-koli-parnogo-rolan-garros.html
Hungary should stop provocations: the Ministry of Foreign Affairs reacted to a video with a map of Ukraine without Crimea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717869-ugorsina-mae-pripiniti-provokacii-u-mzs-vidreaguvali-na-video-z-kartou-ukraini-bez-krimu.html
In Nikolaev there are problems with water supply through repair work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717870-u-mikolaevi-trivaut-problemi-z-vodopostacannam-cerez-remontni-roboti.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
Painter: In Bakhmut, the situation is conditionally stable, southwestern outskirts-under the control of defense forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717872-malar-u-bahmuti-situacia-umovno-stabilna-pivdennozahidni-okolici-pid-kontrolem-sil-oboroni.html
Warsaw discussed the return of Russian children home home
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3717873-u-varsavi-obgovorili-povernenna-vikradenih-rosieu-ukrainskih-ditej-dodomu.html
A oil spot appeared in the sea near the Odessa Beach
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717881-u-mori-nepodalik-odeskogo-plazu-zavilasa-naftova-plama.html
In Sudan, the militarized forces of fast support seized the National Museum
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717882-u-sudani-voenizovani-sili-svidkoi-pidtrimki-zahopili-nacionalnij-muzej.html
In Cherkasy, the native soldiers of ₴ 400 thousand were transferred for the purchase of drones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717883-u-cerkasah-zibrani-ridnimi-zagiblih-voiniv-400-tisac-peredali-na-kupivlu-droniv.html
During the celebration of the Trinity in Donetsk, there will be additional restrictions - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717884-pid-cas-svatkuvanna-trijci-na-doneccini-diatimut-dodatkovi-obmezenna-ova.html
Kherson received six vehicles with technical salt for heating system from USAID
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717885-herson-otrimav-vid-usaid-sist-masin-z-tehnicnou-sillu-dla-sistemi-opalenna.html
The Netherlands will help increase the number of Patriot for Ukraine - Yermak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717888-niderlandi-spriatimut-zbilsennu-kilkosti-patriot-dla-ukraini-ermak.html
Vereshchuk and the heads of Donetsk region and Luhansk region discussed the preparation for the de -occupation of areas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717890-veresuk-ta-golovi-doneccini-i-lugansini-obgovorili-pidgotovku-do-deokupacii-oblastej.html
In Kherson, five street shelters were installed in two days
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717892-u-hersoni-za-dva-dni-vstanovili-pat-vulicnih-ukrittiv.html
In Ukraine on Sunday without precipitation, in the afternoon warms up to +25 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717844-v-ukraini-u-nedilu-bez-opadiv-vden-progrie-do-25.html
Ukrainian Zavatska reached the final of ITF tournament in Italy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717894-ukrainka-zavacka-vijsla-u-final-turniru-itf-v-italii.html
Greek police found in banana containers of cocaine for € 3.2 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717896-grecka-policia-znajsla-u-bananovih-kontejnerah-kokainu-na-32-miljona.html
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 11 beats on Russian invaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717897-aviacia-sil-oboroni-za-dobu-zavdala-11-udariv-po-rosijskih-zagarbnikah.html
In Melitopol, five loud explosions were heard - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717904-u-melitopoli-prolunali-pat-gucnih-vibuhiv-fedorov.html
Barcelona won the female Champions League finals 2022/23
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717906-barselona-vigrala-final-zinocoi-ligi-cempioniv-202223.html
Alexi's sisters won "bronze" in a superfinals of the COP on artistic swimming
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717912-sestri-aleksiivi-bronzovi-prizerki-superfinalu-ks-z-artisticnogo-plavanna.html
The Swiss Cinema Week will be held in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3717915-tizden-svejcarskogo-kino-projde-u-kievi.html
Tsurenko won the third round of Rolan Harros
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717920-curenko-zdobula-peremogu-v-tretomu-raundi-rolan-garros.html
Messi will leave PSG at the end of the season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717921-messi-pokine-psz-naprikinci-sezonu.html
Children Cinema Fest has announced an international program and ambassador of the festival
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3717922-cildren-kinofest-ogolosiv-miznarodnu-programu-i-posla-festivalu.html
Baltops training with the participation of 50 NATO ships began in Estonia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717923-v-estonii-pocalisa-navcanna-baltops-za-ucastu-50-korabliv-nato.html
In Kiev, police after an enemy attack took out an ammunition from a burning building
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3717924-u-kievi-policejski-pisla-vorozoi-ataki-vinesli-boepripas-iz-palaucoi-budivli.html
Nadal: My recovery will last 5 months if everything goes well
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717929-nadal-moe-vidnovlenna-trivatime-5-misaciv-akso-vse-pide-dobre.html
Azar will leave Real at the end of the season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717931-azar-naprikinci-sezonu-zalisit-real.html
A girl who lost her leg through a rocket strike took part in gymnastics competitions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717933-divcinka-aka-vtratila-nogu-cerez-raketnij-udar-vzala-ucast-u-zmagannah-z-gimnastiki.html
Russians in a day 10 times fired at Sumy region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717935-rosiani-za-den-10-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
Usik signed a contract with Saudi Promotor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717938-usik-pidpisav-kontrakt-z-saudivskim-promouterom.html
Lyudmila Kichenok was defeated in the second circle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717940-ludmila-kicenok-zaznala-porazki-u-drugomu-koli-zmisanogo-rozradu-rolan-garros.html
The enemy hit the house in Dnipropetrovsk region, among the victims - a child
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717943-vorog-vluciv-u-budinok-na-dnipropetrovsini-sered-postrazdalih-ditina.html
In Nikolaev invaders of shelling damaged almost 40 kindergartens already
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717941-u-mikolaevi-vnaslidok-rosijskih-obstriliv-poskodzeni-37-ditsadkiv.html
Biden signed a law on raising US government debt limit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717944-bajden-pidpisav-zakon-pro-pidvisenna-limitu-derzavnogo-borgu-ssa.html
Ukraine's male national team won Belgium in the Golden Euroleiga Volleyball match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717945-colovica-zbirna-ukraini-peremogla-belgiu-u-matci-zolotoi-evroligi-z-volejbolu.html
Zelensky - about the shelling of the Dnieper: under the rubble are people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717946-zelenskij-pro-obstril-dnipra-pid-zavalami-perebuvaut-ludi.html
In the Dnipropetrovsk region from under the rubble of the house got a man
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717947-na-dnipropetrovsini-zpid-zavaliv-budinku-distali-colovika.html
President: Independence of Ukraine is not something abstract. Don't forget to thank the soldiers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717950-prezident-nezaleznist-ukraini-ce-ne-sos-abstraktne-ne-zabuvajte-dakuvati-voinam.html
"Leipzig" won "Eintracht" in the German Cup finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717952-lejpcig-peremig-ajntraht-u-finali-kubka-nimeccini.html
Zelensky - military: your strength is an example for everyone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717953-zelenskij-vijskovim-vasa-micnist-ce-priklad-dla-vsih.html
Erdogan has declared a new government in Turkey
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717954-erdogan-ogolosiv-novij-urad-tureccini.html
Sholtz responded sharply to pro -Russian protesters who tried to get up to him
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717958-solc-rizko-vidpoviv-prorosijskim-mitinguvalnikam-aki-namagalisa-jogo-osvistati.html
The number of victims as a result of a blow to Podgorodi increased to 13
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717956-kilkist-postrazdalih-vnaslidok-udaru-po-pidgorodnomu-zrosla-do-13.html
Українські військові у Великій Британії відпрацьовують метання ручних гранат
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/ukrayinski-vijskovi-u-velykij-brytaniyi-vidpraczovuyut-metannya-ruchnyh-granat/
In May, the Ministry of Reintegration transferred over UAH 20 million released from captivity
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/u-travni-minreintegracziyi-pererahuvalo-ponad-20-miljoniv-gryven-zvilnenym-z-polonu/
Reconstruction Solution: EU will allocate 50 million euros to temporary bridges to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/rishennya-dlya-vidbudovy-yes-vydilyt-ukrayini-50-mln-yevro-na-tymchasovi-mosty/
From February 24 from the placement of military bonds, the government has attracted almost half a trillion hryvnias
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/z-24-lyutogo-vid-rozmishhennya-vijskovyh-obligaczij-uryad-zaluchyv-majzhe-piv-tryljona-gryven/
Transported the personnel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/perevozyv-osobovyj-sklad-rf-ta-boyeprypasy-zatrymano-kolaboranta-yakyj-spivpraczyuvav-z-okupantamy/
Ukraine received $ 19.8 billion international aid this year
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/ukrayina-otrymala-czogorich-198-milyarda-mizhnarodnoyi-dopomogy/
The Guard of the offensive is formed and ready for orders - Igor Klimenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/gvardiya-nastupu-sformovana-ta-gotova-do-nakaziv-igor-klymenko/
Last day, the enemy struck 67 aviation strikes and made 91 shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/mynuloyi-doby-protyvnyk-zavdav-67-aviaczijnyh-udary-ta-zdijsnyv-91-obstril/
There were 29 fighting clashes - the General Staff of the Armed Forces of Ukraine and the occupiers of Ukraine's defense forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/mizh-sylamy-oborony-ukrayiny-i-okupantamy-za-dobu-vidbulosya-29-bojovyh-zitknen-genshtab-zsu/
Aviation of Defense Forces struck two SPRs and struck 15 beats at enemy positions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/aviacziya-syl-oborony-urazyla-dva-zrk-ta-zavdala-15-udariv-po-pozycziyah-voroga/
The enemy continues to campaign their own population to join the army of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/vorog-prodovzhuye-agituvaty-vlasne-naselennya-vstupaty-do-armiyi-rf/
The President noted Ukrainian defenders with state awards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/prezydent-vidznachyv-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv-derzhavnymy-nagorodamy-16/
Defense forces per day eliminated about 600 invaders, destroyed 10 tanks and 32 artsystems
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-blyzko-600-okupantiv-znyshhyly-10-tankiv-ta-32-artsystemy/
Sweden discussed the protection of the rights of Ukrainian children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/u-shvecziyi-obgovoryly-pytannya-zahystu-prav-ukrayinskyh-ditej/
"Ukraine: Journalists on the front line": To the Day of the NSU journalist opened a photo exhibition in the Kiev subway
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/ukrayina-zhurnalisty-na-peredovij-do-dnya-zhurnalista-nszhu-vidkryla-fotovystavku-v-kyyivskomu-metro/
Juvenile prosecutors: 484 children were killed in Ukraine as a result of armed aggression of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/yuvenalni-prokurory-484-dytyny-zagynuly-v-ukrayini-vnaslidok-zbrojnoyi-agresiyi-rf/
The United Kingdom and France have appointed special commissioners for the restoration of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/velyka-brytaniya-i-francziya-pryznachyly-speczialnyh-upovnovazhenyh-z-pytan-vidnovlennya-ukrayiny/
Defense forces continue the struggle-Colonel-General Alexander Sirsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/syly-oborony-prodovzhuyut-borotbu-general-polkovnyk-oleksandr-syrskyj/
In the Kharkiv region, 100% fulfilled plan for the selection of contract warriors
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/u-harkivskij-oblasti-na-100-vykonaly-plan-iz-vidboru-voyiniv-kontraktnykiv/
The current official of the Kherson Ova was detained, who worked on the racists during the occupation of the city
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/zatrymano-chynnogo-posadovczya-hersonskoyi-ova-yakyj-u-period-okupacziyi-mista-praczyuvav-na-rashystiv/
152 settlements were fired by the army of the Russian Federation for the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/152-naselenyh-punkty-buly-obstrilyani-armiyeyu-rf-za-mynulu-dobu/
It is very difficult when you can't protect your baby from the threat - Elena Zelenskaya
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/cze-duzhe-vazhko-koly-ne-mozhesh-zahystyty-dytynu-vid-zagrozy-olena-zelenska/
During the large -scale invasion, the number of women in the Armed Forces has doubled
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/za-chas-shyrokomasshtabnogo-vtorgnennya-kilkist-zhinok-u-lavah-zsu-zbilshylasya-vdvichi/
The Head of the Presidential Office of Ukraine discussed with the Presidential Advisor to the desire of Ukraine to implement the Ukrainian formula of peace
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/kerivnyk-ofisu-prezydenta-ukrayiny-obgovoryv-z-radnykom-prezydenta-ssha-pragnennya-ukrayiny-realizuvaty-ukrayinsku-formulu-myru/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 90 thousand military crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-90-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv-3/
More than 500 explosive items, including 8 aircraft
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-500-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-zokrema-8-aviabomb/
Alexei Reznikov discussed with the Ministers of Defense of Three countries how to end the war of Russia against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/oleksij-reznikov-obgovoryv-z-ministramy-oborony-troh-krayin-yak-prypynyty-vijnu-rosiyi-proty-ukrayiny/
In the northern operating area there were training of crews of helicopters Mi-24 and Mi-8 with combat shooting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/u-pivnichnij-operaczijnij-zoni-vidbulysya-navchannya-ekipazhiv-vertolotiv-mi-24-ta-mi-8-iz-bojovoyu-strilboyu/
Bakhmut for the enemy remains more priority than Belgorod region - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/bahmut-dlya-voroga-zalyshayetsya-bilsh-priorytetnym-nizh-byelgorodshhyna-sergij-cherevatyj/
USBasadors Fandering Platform United24 joined American actor Misha Collins
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/do-ambasadoriv-fandrejzyngovoyi-platformy-united24-pryyednavsya-amerykanskyj-aktor-misha-kollinz/
In Odessa, the cadets were trained on ships and vessels of the Navy of Ukraine before release
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/v-odesi-kursanty-pered-vypuskom-projshly-stazhuvannya-na-korablyah-i-sudnah-vms-ukrayiny/
The Discussion "Veterans is the Basis of Human Capital of Ukraine": What experts said
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/sekcziya-dyskusiya-veterany-osnova-lyudskogo-kapitalu-ukrayiny-pro-shho-govoryly-eksperty/
7 Russian Internet agents that spread Kremlin propaganda in Ukraine were exposed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/vykryto-7-internet-agentiv-rf-yaki-poshyryuvaly-kremlivsku-propagandu-v-ukrayini/
The wreck of the Russian APC Juni Buchans turned into a memorial medal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/ulamok-rosijskogo-btr-yuni-buchanczi-peretvoryly-v-pamyatnu-medal/
In Russia, there may be a rebellion or military confrontation - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/na-rosiyi-mozhe-statysya-zakolot-abo-vijskove-protystoyannya-gur/
144 Pupils of Chernihiv Lyceum with enhanced military-physical training celebrated graduation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/144-vyhovanczi-chernigivskogo-liczeyu-z-posylenoyu-vijskovo-fizychnoyu-pidgotovkoyu-vidsvyatkuvaly-vypusknyj/
The values of all civilized countries are the same - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/czinnosti-vsih-czyvilizovanyh-krayin-odnakovi-oleksij-reznikov/
DSNS: Approximately 5,000 shelters have been tested in different regions - 893 unsuitable for use
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/dsns-z-blyzko-5000-perevirenyh-u-riznyh-regionah-ukryttiv-893-neprydatni-dlya-vykorystannya/
The Provisional Attorney of Ukraine in Hungary made an official demarche
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/tymchasovyj-povirenyj-ukrayiny-v-ugorshhyni-zdijsnyv-oficzijnyj-demarsh/
Appeal Solution of VLK: How to Act
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/oskarzhennya-rishennya-vlk-yak-diyaty/
There are 9 enemy ships - the Navy of the Armed Forces in the Black Sea on combat duty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/v-chornomu-mori-na-bojovomu-cherguvanni-znahodytsya-9-vorozhyh-korabliv-vms-zsu/
From the first day of work of the Council, we have sent a number of requests for prices for food, PMM, transport - Yevgeny Hrushovets
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/vid-pershogo-dnya-roboty-rady-my-napravyly-nyzku-zapytiv-shhodo-czin-na-produkty-harchuvannya-pmm-transportu-yevgen-grushovecz/
Four -legged defenders gave little Ukrainians unforgettable emotions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/chotyrylapi-zahysnyky-podaruvaly-malenkym-ukrayinczyam-nezabutni-emocziyi/
Another four “Ukrainians” reported suspicion for cooperation with the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/shhe-chotyrom-ukrayinczyam-povidomleno-pro-pidozru-za-spivpraczyu-z-vorogom/
It remains highly likely to cause missile and air strikes in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/za-dobu-zagarbnyk-zavdav-19-aviaudariv/
The enemy is exhausted and now replaces troops and regrouping - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/vorog-vysnazhyvsya-i-zaraz-zdijsnyuye-zaminu-vijsk-ta-peregrupuvannya-ganna-malyar/
Our aviation has made 11 beats in areas of focus of occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/nasha-aviacziya-zavdala-odynadczyat-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv/
Defense forces repelled 16 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/syly-oborony-vidbyly-16-vorozhyh-atak-gsh-zsu/
Weekdays
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/budni-artrozrahunku-sau-2s1-gvozdyka-na-donechchyni-reportazh-iz-peredovoyi/
Khmelnitsky spent a charity race in support of SCO operators
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/u-hmelnyczkomu-provely-blagodijnyj-zabig-na-pidtrymku-operatoriv-sso/
In the Kherson region, the racists are kept in the cellars of pro -Ukrainian citizens
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/na-hersonshhyni-rashysty-trymayut-u-pidvalah-proukrayinskyh-gromadyan/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy seeks to meet with Latin American leaders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/volodymyr-zelenskyj-pragne-zustritysya-z-lideramy-krayin-latynskoyi-ameryky/
Potted part, there are no lists, everything is probably thrown away - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/konchena-chastyna-tam-nemaye-niyakyh-spyskiv-vse-vzhe-mabut-vykynuly-perehoplennya-gur/
As a result of the attack on the Dnieper, a two -storey building is destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/vnaslidok-ataky-na-dnipro-zrujnovano-dvopoverhovyj-budynok/
I ask you all: please don't forget to thank you personally to our soldiers - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/proshu-vas-usih-bud-laska-ne-zabuvajte-dyakuvaty-personalno-nashym-voyinam-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
The Russians are looting state agro -enterprises on the Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/rosiyany-rozgrabovuyut-derzhavni-agropidpryyemstva-na-tot-hersonshhyny/
Short. War. Day 465. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/03/korotko-vijna-den-465-videodajdzhest/
The invaders do not give insulin to the residents of Tot without Russian passport
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717960-zagarbniki-ne-vidaut-insulin-meskancam-tot-bez-rosijskogo-pasporta.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
The EU called on Serbia and Kosovo to the de -escalation of conflict and threatened "negative consequences"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717936-es-zaklikav-serbiu-ta-kosovo-do-deeskalacii-konfliktu-ta-prigroziv-negativnimi-naslidkami.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
The EU called on Serbia and Kosovo to the de -escalation of conflict and threatened "negative consequences"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717936-es-zaklikav-serbiu-ta-kosovo-do-deeskalacii-konfliktu-ta-prigroziv-negativnimi-naslidkami.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
The invaders do not give insulin to the residents of Tot without Russian passport
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717960-zagarbniki-ne-vidaut-insulin-meskancam-tot-bez-rosijskogo-pasporta.html
Dnipropetrovsk firing: the number of wounded increased to 20, under the rubble looking for a child
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717961-obstril-dnipropetrovsini-kilkist-poranenih-zrosla-do-20-pid-zavalami-sukaut-ditinu.html

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====