乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-09

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

The government has simplified the procedure for registration of passport documents
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/uryad-sprostyv-proczeduru-oformlennya-pasportnyh-dokumentiv/
Roszmi promote the narrative about the inaccuracy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/roszmi-prosuvayut-naratyv-pro-neprychetnist-rf-do-pidryvu-damby-kahovskoyi-ges-czpd/
30 combat clashes took place over the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-vidbulos-30-bojovyh-zitknen/
Olesya Ogryzko: Ukrainians abroad - our army of Ambassadors, which is responsible for the collective brand "Ukraine"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/olesya-ogryzko-ukrayinczi-za-kordonom-nasha-armiya-ambasadoriv-yaka-vidpovidaye-za-kolektyvnyj-brend-ukrayina/
Another minus 730 occupants, 18 tanks and 28 artsystems: daily loss of enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/shhe-minus-730-okupantiv-18-tankiv-ta-28-artsystem-dobovi-vtraty-voroga/
The Russian Federation implements provocations that create social tension among prisoners' families - coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/rf-realizuye-provokacziyi-yaki-stvoryuyut-soczialnu-naprugu-sered-rodyn-polonenyh-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
Poland has handed over pumps and water tanks to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/polshha-peredala-ukrayini-nasosy-i-czysterny-dlya-vody/
The mercenaries of the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation called "Storm" reported suspicion - SBU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/najmanczyam-ugrupovan-minoborony-rf-pid-nazvoyu-shtorm-povidomyleno-pro-pidozru-sbu/
The couple of traitors will be judged, which after Kherson's de -occupation burned her Russian passports - DBR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/sudytymut-podruzhzhya-zradnykiv-yake-pislya-deokupacziyi-hersona-spalylo-svoyi-rosijski-pasporty-dbr/
Ministry of Veterans conducted training for CNAP administrators on the quality of service provision to veterans services
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/minveteraniv-provelo-navchannya-dlya-administratoriv-cznapiv-shhodo-yakosti-nadannya-poslug-veteranam/
In May, the Ministry of Reintegration transferred 20.8 million hryvnias for financial aid to evacuated displaced persons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/u-travni-minreintegracziyi-pererahuvalo-208-mln-gryven-na-groshovu-dopomogu-evakujovanym-pereselenczyam/
The invaders were not ready for the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/okupanty-ne-buly-gotovi-do-naslidkiv-pidryvu-grebli-kahovskoyi-ges/
The Armed Forces of the Armed Forces received 30 ambulances
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/medychni-syly-zsu-otrymaly-30-karet-shvydkoyi-dopomogy/
Dmytro Kuleba discussed with NATO Secretary -General Future Summit in Vilnius: Ukraine is a valuable asset for the Alliance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/dmytro-kuleba-obgovoryv-iz-gensekom-nato-majbutnij-samit-u-vilnyusi-ukrayina-czinnyj-aktyv-dlya-alyansu/
The Russian soldier says that, fearing Ukrainian offensive, Russian soldiers do not return from vacations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/voyak-rf-rozpovidaye-shho-poboyuyuchys-ukrayinskogo-nastupu-rosijski-soldaty-ne-povertayutsya-z-vidpustok/
Defense forces struck 32 areas of concentration of the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/syly-oborony-protyagom-doby-urazyly-32-rajona-zoseredzhennya-voroga-znyshhyly-4-punkty-upravlinnya-2-zrk-i-5-skladiv-boyeprypasiv/
The leadership of the Kherson Regional State Administration appealed to the Ukrainians for help
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/kerivnycztvo-hersonskoyi-oda-zvernulosya-do-ukrayincziv-po-dopomogu/
Usaid will provide financial assistance to Ukrainians affected by Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power within three months
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/usaid-vprodovzh-3-h-misyacziv-nadavatymut-finansovu-dopomogu-ukrayinczyam-yaki-postrazhdaly-vnaslidok-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
Ukrainians were told how to act in the event of a sea of fish
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720760-ukrainciv-zaklikaut-u-razi-viavlenna-mora-ribi-negajno-povidomlati-u-derzribagentstvo.html
Serb Dzhokovich became the first finalist "Rolan Harros" -2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720741-serb-dzokovic-stav-persim-finalistom-rolan-garros2023.html
Ternopil region sent 120 tons of drinking water to Kherson region residents
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720732-ternopilsina-vidpravila-120-tonn-pitnoi-vodi-zitelam-hersonsini.html
Drone attack on Kharkiv region: one of the enterprises has the release of harmful substances
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720670-ataka-droniv-na-harkivsinu-na-odnomu-z-pidpriemstv-stavsa-vikid-skidlivih-recovin.html
Ramstein and Scythian gold: Zelensky spoke to the Prime Minister of the Netherlands
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720666-ramstajn-ta-skifske-zoloto-zelenskij-pogovoriv-z-premerom-niderlandiv.html
FIG President Watanabe wrote a letter to a 7-year-old gymnast that lost his leg because
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720644-prezident-fig-vatanabe-napisav-lista-7ricnij-gimnastci-aka-vtratila-nogu-cerez-raketnij-udar-rf.html
Norway plans to extract metals from the seabed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720569-norvegia-planue-vidobuvati-metali-z-morskogo-dna.html
15 years will be held behind the lattice by the DNR fighter who robbed houses in Kakhovka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/15-rokiv-provede-za-gratamy-bojovyk-dnr-yakyj-grabuvav-budynky-v-kahovczi/
The players of the national team of Ukraine reached the 1/4 finals of the World Cup 2023 with SOCCA, beating Morocco
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720768-futbolisti-zbirnoi-ukraini-vijsli-do-14-finalu-cs2023-iz-socca-obigravsi-marokko.html
2.5 thousand people have already been evacuated in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720770-na-hersonsini-vze-evakuuvali-25-tisaci-ludej.html
A new service is being created in Kiev - the Electronic Cabinet of Defender
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/u-kyyevi-stvoryuyut-novyj-servis-elektronnyj-kabinet-zahysnyka/
The British and Swedish Air Force has intercepted Russian planes in Europe three times a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720767-britanski-i-svedski-vps-trici-za-dobu-perehopluvali-rosijski-litaki-u-evropi.html
There is a decision on humanitarian support from partners - Zelensky on a rescue operation in the south
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720766-zelenskij-pro-ratuvalnu-operaciu-na-pivdni-e-risenna-pro-gumanitarnu-pidtrimku-vid-partneriv.html
The ZPP continues to pump water to cool from the Kakhovka reservoir, although its level is already lower than the critical mark
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/zaes-prodovzhuye-vidkachuvaty-oholodzhuyuchu-vodu-z-kahovskogo-vodoshovyshha-hocha-riven-vody-vzhe-nyzhche-krytychnoyi-poznachky/
In Nikolaev, an exhibition dedicated to the memory of the Azov regiment fighters was opened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3720765-u-mikolaevi-vidkrili-vistavku-prisvacenu-pamati-bijciv-polku-azov.html
NATO's spokeswoman who has taken this post for longest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720629-recnica-nato-aka-najdovse-zajmala-cej-post-ide-u-vidstavku.html
Two more regions sent humanitarian aid to Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720762-ise-dvi-oblasti-vidpravili-gumanitarnu-dopomogu-hersonsini.html
Ukraine will return civilian prisoners with two ways - Kuleb
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720761-ukraina-povertatime-civilnih-polonenih-z-rf-dvoma-slahami-kuleba.html
7 deputies of the State Duma of the Russian Federation, who voted for recognition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/7-deputativ-derzhdumy-rf-yaki-golosuvaly-za-vyznannya-psevdorespublik-lnr-ta-dnr-zasudzheno-na-15-rokiv/
Defense forces in the past day destroyed 6 enemy shock and 4 reconnaissance UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/syly-oborony-znyshhyly-6-vorozhyh-udarnyh-ta-4-rozviduvalnyh-bpla/
Federal prosecutors published an indictment on Trump
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720795-federalni-prokurori-opriludnili-obvinuvalnij-visnovok-sodo-trampa.html
Azerbaijan will hand over 20 tons of fuel to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720798-azerbajdzan-peredast-ukraini-20-tonn-palnogo.html
In Donetsk, the Akhmat unit robs the civilian population
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/u-doneczku-rashystskyj-pidrozdil-ahmat-grabuye-czyvilne-naselennya/
Ukraine's flags from Bakhmut and Gostomel were auctioned in New York for $ 500,000
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720505-prapori-ukraini-z-bahmuta-i-gostomela-prodali-na-aukcioni-v-nujorku-za-500-tisac.html?fbclid=IwAR2t7gL6u2s5zdW7wOwdyqa6JPp7YAr1x9gcjfi-zE1LnMPO78LVUid9JSc
Norwegian Rud became the rival of Serb Dzhokovich in the Rolan Harros final -2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720799-norvezec-ruud-stav-supernikom-serba-dzokovica-u-finali-rolan-garros2023.html
The water level in the Kakhovka reservoir fell to 11.3 meters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720796-riven-vodi-v-kahovskomu-vodoshovisi-vpav-do-113-metra.html
The aggressive war of the Russian Federation against Ukraine began as a carefully planned information war - the resolution of the European Parliament
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/agresyvna-vijna-rf-proty-ukrayiny-pochalasya-yak-retelno-splanovana-informaczijna-vijna-rezolyucziya-yevroparlamentu/
Members of the US Congress have presented a resolution calling for Ukraine to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720801-cleni-kongresu-ssa-predstavili-rezoluciu-iz-zaklikom-peredati-ukraini-atacms.html
In the south of Ukraine will change the structure of crops due to lack of irrigation - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720598-na-pivdni-ukraini-zminitsa-struktura-posiviv-cerez-vidsutnist-zrosenna-ekspert.html
Russian troops are fired by Kherson - attack the coast
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720600-rosijski-vijska-obstriluut-herson-atakuut-uzberezza.html
In Dublin, they protested against the ecocid that Russia is doing in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3720577-u-dublini-protestuvali-proti-ekocidu-akij-rosia-cinit-v-ukraini.html
The Armed Forces conduct assault actions and move in the Bakhmut direction - the abdomen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720607-zsu-provodat-sturmovi-dii-ta-prosuvautsa-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-cerevatij.html
More than 20 countries have chosen peace formula points that are ready to coordinate or be co -headed - OP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720605-ponad-20-krain-vibrali-punkti-formuli-miru-aki-gotovi-koordinuvati-abo-buti-spivgolovami-op.html
In Kherson region, a contact center was created to coordinate assistance to the victims
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720604-na-hersonsini-stvorili-kontaktcentr-dla-koordinacii-dopomogi-postrazdalim.html
Ukraine will negotiate with the Dutch Museum on the mechanisms of return of Scythian Gold
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3720609-ukraina-provede-peremovini-z-niderlandskim-muzeem-sodo-mehanizmiv-povernenna-skifskogo-zolota.html
NATO's accession algorithm and security guarantees from the Alliance: what Ukraine wants to get in Vilnius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720613-algoritm-vstupu-v-nato-i-garantii-bezpeki-vid-derzav-alansu-so-ukraina-hoce-otrimati-u-vilnusi.html
In the Kyiv region, all entertainment events were banned after 9:00 pm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720614-na-kiivsini-zaboronili-vsi-rozvazalni-zahodi-pisla-2100.html
Russia has handed over 11 Ukrainian prisoners to Hungary - the Foreign Ministry demands to provide information
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720617-mzs-vimagae-v-ugorsini-detalnu-informaciu-pro-zvilnenih-polonenih-i-dostupu-do-nih-konsula.html
The Venice Commission recommends Ukraine to wait with the implementation of the law on oligarchs until the end of the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720619-venecijska-komisia-rekomendue-ukraini-pocekati-z-implementacieu-zakonu-pro-oligarhiv-do-kinca-vijni.html
The Ramstein format will take place on June 15 in Brussels - Pentagon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720618-zasidanna-u-formati-ramstajn-vidbudetsa-15-cervna-u-brusseli-pentagon.html
At night air defense forces destroyed 14 Russian drones and four winged missiles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/unochi-syly-ppo-znyshhyly-14-rosijskyh-droniv-ta-chotyry-krylati-rakety/
Energoatom has translated the block 
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720802-energoatom-pereviv-blok-5-zaporizkoi-aes-u-stan-holodnogo-zupinu.html
Putin stated that tactical nuclear weapons would be brought to Belarus after July 7-8
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720620-putin-zaaviv-so-takticnu-adernu-zbrou-privezut-u-bilorus-pisla-78-lipna.html
In the water trap there was a village in Beryslav district
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720622-u-vodanij-pastci-opinilosa-selo-novogredneve-u-berislavskomu-rajoni.html
Estonian intelligence: the Armed Forces are attacked in several directions - "feel" the defense of the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720624-estonska-rozvidka-zsu-atakuut-vidrazu-na-kilkoh-napramkah-promacuut-oboronu-rosian.html
The hospital of Gulyaypol was hit by a Russian aircraft - Ova told about the victims and the wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720627-u-likarnu-gulajpola-vlucila-rosijska-aviabomba-v-ova-rozpovili-pro-zertv-i-poranenih.html
In the Chinese city of Tianjin, cracks appeared near high -rise buildings - thousands of people evacuated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720625-u-kitajskomu-misti-tanczin-zavilis-trisini-bila-bagatopoverhivok-evakuuvali-tisaci-ludej.html
Pope recoversing after surgery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720628-papa-rimskij-oduzue-pisla-operacii.html
Russians demand money from volunteers for evacuation in the captured Kherson region - SES
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720632-rosiani-vimagaut-grosi-z-volonteriv-za-evakuaciu-na-zahoplenij-hersonsini-dsns.html
The SBU detained an informant of the Russian Federation who scattered screws for slowing the columns of the Armed Forces in the estuary
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720633-sbu-zatrimala-informatora-rf-akij-rozkidav-samorizi-dla-spovilnenna-kolon-zsu-v-limani.html
The reconstruction of housing due to the destruction of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station can be offset within the limits
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3720636-vidbudovu-zitla-cerez-znisenna-kahovskoi-ges-mozut-kompensuvati-u-mezah-evidnovlenna-sulak.html
In Kazakhstan, two supporters of the "Russian measure" were condemned for separatism
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720639-u-kazahstani-zasudili-za-separatizm-dvoh-prihilnikiv-ruskogo-mira.html
The destruction of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station emphasizes the gap in international criminal law - SEI
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720640-rujnuvanna-kahovskoi-ges-pidkreslue-progalinu-v-miznarodnomu-kriminalnomu-pravi-sei.html
Under Odessa, a dog was found in the sea, which on the board sailed from Kherson
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720641-pid-odesou-u-mori-znajsli-sobaku-akij-na-dosci-dopliv-z-hersonu.html
Kostin discussed with representatives of the US Embassy Investigation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720643-kostin-obgovoriv-z-predstavnikami-posolstva-ssa-rozsliduvanna-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Consumer prices in May increased by 0.5% - State Statistics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720645-spozivci-cini-u-travni-zrosli-na-05-derzstat.html
Ukraine will not be able to put into operation quickly after its release - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720646-ukraina-ne-zmoze-svidko-vvesti-v-ekspluataciu-zaes-pisla-ii-zvilnenna-ekspert.html
Diplomacy was unable to stop Tehran in the development of nuclear potential - Netanyag
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720648-diplomatia-ne-zmogla-zupiniti-tegeran-u-rozvitku-adernogo-potencialu-netanagu.html
Russians before the undermining of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station is actively maradryl in Kherson region - the center of the National Way
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720650-rosiani-pered-pidrivom-kahovskoi-ges-aktivno-maroderili-na-hersonsini-centr-nacsprotivu.html
In Ukraine over 1 100 kilometers of reclamation channels were left without water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720653-v-ukraini-ponad-1-100-kilometriv-meliorativnih-kanaliv-zalisilis-bez-vodi.html
Iceland stops the work of the embassy in Moscow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720655-islandia-prizupinae-robotu-posolstva-u-moskvi.html
Ministry of Energy and French EDF concluded a memorandum of cooperation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3720657-minenergo-i-francuzka-edf-uklali-memorandum-pro-spivpracu.html
The situation with flooding is heavy, water goes slowly - the head of the Kherson regional council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720803-situacia-z-pidtoplennami-vazka-voda-vidhodit-povilno-glava-hersonskoi-oblradi.html
The government has allocated 2.4 billion hryvnias to provide water in residents of four areas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720658-urad-vidiliv-24-milarda-griven-dla-zabezpecenna-vodou-ziteliv-cotiroh-oblastej.html
From Ivano-Frankivsk to Kherson region, 20 tons of help were sent
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720660-z-ivanofrankivska-na-hersonsinu-vidpravili-20-tonn-dopomogi.html
Ivan Zubkov memorial plaques and volunteer defenders were opened in Kyiv in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3720664-u-kievi-vidkrili-memorialni-doski-kiborgu-ivanu-zubkovu-ta-zahisnikamdobrovolcam.html
Human rights activists urge to press on the Russian Federation for access to the flooded Left Bank of Kherson Region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720661-pravozahisniki-zaklikaut-tisnuti-na-rf-dla-dostupu-do-zatoplenogo-livoberezza-hersonsini.html
SBU arrested the assets of the Russian deputy in Ukraine for over 180 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720662-sbu-arestuvala-aktivi-rosijskogo-deputata-v-ukraini-na-ponad-180-miljoniv.html
Real Madrid Transfer District Vallekano's Franra Garcia Defender
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720665-real-oformiv-transfer-zahisnika-rajo-valekano-frana-garsii.html
1,400 people and 345 pieces of equipment were involved in the elimination of the consequences of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720669-do-likvidacii-naslidkiv-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-zalucili-1-400-osib-ta-345-odinic-tehniki-smigal.html
Shoiga's son fled from Russia a few days before mobilization - investigation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720671-sin-sojgu-vtik-iz-rosii-za-kilka-dniv-do-mobilizacii-rozsliduvanna.html
Restoration of Kakhovskaya HPP and related work will cost approximately € 2 billion - shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720672-vidnovlenna-kahovskoi-ges-ta-suputni-roboti-kostuvatimut-orientovno-2-milardi-smigal.html
Kiev sends an additional party of assistance to Kherson and Dnipropetrovsk - Klitschko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3720679-kiiv-vidpravlae-dodatkovu-partiu-dopomogi-u-herson-ta-na-dnipropetrovsinu-klicko.html
US declared a new military assistance package to Ukraine for $ 2.1 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720680-ssa-ogolosili-novij-paket-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini-na-21-milarda.html
Yatskin's political prisoner is being bullied in the Russian colony - Lubinets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3720681-politvazen-ackin-zaznae-znusan-u-rosijskij-kolonii-lubinec.html
Iran provides Russia with materials for the construction of a drone production plant - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720682-iran-nadae-rosii-materiali-dla-budivnictva-zavodu-z-virobnictva-bezpilotnikiv-bilij-dim.html
45 days instead of 2 years: now the latest technologies in the Armed Forces will be introduced faster
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3720684-45-dniv-zamist-2-rokiv-vidteper-novitni-tehnologii-u-zsu-zaprovadzuvatimut-svidse.html
Belgium will provide € 200 thousand assistance for the population of flooded areas of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720686-belgia-nadast-200-tisac-dopomogi-dla-naselenna-pidtoplenih-rajoniv-ukraini.html
Ukrzaliznytsia modernizes the connection with the EU and buy locomotives - money gives the EBRD
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720685-ukrzaliznica-modernizue-spolucenna-z-es-ta-zakupit-lokomotiviv-grosi-dae-ebrr.html
Dmytro Kuleba discussed military assistance with the US Secretary of State and undermining the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/dmytro-kuleba-obgovoryv-z-derzhsekretarem-ssha-vijskovu-dopomogu-ta-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges/
In two districts of Dnipropetrovsk region problems with water supply due to undermining Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720688-u-dvoh-rajonah-dnipropetrovsini-problemi-z-vodopostacannam-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges.html
Ukrenergo does not expect "shock" after cancellation or change of price restrictions - Kudrytsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720689-ukrenergo-ne-ocikue-sokiv-pisla-skasuvanna-abo-zmini-cinovih-obmezen-kudrickij.html
The government has increased expenditures on social protection liberated from captivity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720694-urad-zbilsiv-vidatki-na-soczahist-zvilnenih-iz-polonu.html
US Intelligence Satellites recorded an explosion before the collapse
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720699-rozviduvalni-suputniki-ssa-zafiksuvali-vibuh-pered-obvalom-grebli-kahovskoi-ges.html
The Kyiv Regional Council supported the project to ban the activities of the UOC -MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3720704-kiivska-oblrada-pidtrimala-proekt-risenna-pro-zaboronu-dialnosti-upc-mp.html
Missile fire Umani: Russians hit the empty shop of agricultural enterprise
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720707-raketnij-obstril-umani-rosiani-vlucili-u-poroznij-ceh-silgosppidpriemstva.html
The Belgium Government will buy ammunition for Ukraine for € 32 million - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720708-urad-belgii-zakupit-boepripasi-dla-ukraini-na-32-miljoni-zmi.html
Austrian business can join the humanitarian demining - Ministry of Economy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720804-avstrijskij-biznes-moze-dolucitis-do-gumanitarnogo-rozminuvanna-minekonomiki.html
Agrosector loss from Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant can grow to more than $ 10 billion - Vysotsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720710-vtrati-agrosektoru-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-mozut-zrosti-do-bils-ak-10-milardiv-visockij.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
Patriarch Cyril banned entry into Estonia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720709-patriarhu-kirilu-zaboronili-vizd-v-estoniu.html
The IAEA launches a program of assistance to Ukraine in connection with the blasting of the dam on Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720713-magate-zapuskae-programu-dopomogi-ukraini-u-zvazku-z-pidrivom-grebli-na-kahovskij-ges.html
In Ukraine, the competition of cultural and artistic projections on reading reading was announced
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3720712-v-ukraini-ogolosili-konkurs-kulturnomisteckih-proektiv-z-promocii-citanna.html
The Government has handed over the State Property of the Ocean Plaza shopping mall for privatization
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720714-urad-peredav-fondu-derzmajna-trc-ocean-plaza-dla-podalsoi-privatizacii.html
Latvia allocates € 200 thousand to eliminate the consequences of destruction of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720715-latvia-vidilae-ukraini-200-tisac-na-likvidaciu-naslidkiv-rujnacii-kahovskoi-ges.html
The last unit of the ZPP is translated into "cold stop" mode - named the reasons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720718-ostannij-energoblok-zaes-perevodat-u-rezim-holodnogo-zupinu-nazvali-pricini.html
The fall of the Kakhovka reservoir threatens Ukraine and the world - Greenpeace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720719-padinna-rivna-kahovskogo-vodoshovisa-zagrozue-adernij-bezpeci-ukraini-ta-svitu-greenpeace.html
Odessa, Dnipropetrovsk and Cherkasy region will increase the production of vegetables - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720722-odesina-dnipropetrovsina-ta-cerkasina-narosuvatimut-virobnictvo-ovociv-ekspert.html
On the Arabat arrow is a hit on the recreation center occupied by the Russians - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720726-na-arabatskij-strilci-e-vlucanna-po-bazi-vidpocinku-aku-zajmaut-rosiani-zmi.html
Khust made his way to the First League of the Ukrainian Football Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720728-hust-probivsa-do-persoi-ligi-cempionatu-ukraini-z-futbolu.html
The enemy was unsuccessfully stepped in four directions, near Marinka suffered losses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720729-vorog-bezuspisno-nastupav-na-cotiroh-napramkah-bila-marinki-zaznav-vtrat.html
UN sent humanitarian convoy to Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720730-oon-napravila-gumanitarni-konvoi-do-hersonsini.html
In Dnipropetrovsk, the threat of cholera outbreak is not
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720733-na-dnipropetrovsini-zagrozi-spalahu-holeri-nemae.html
Boats, pumps and generators: Kyiv region sends the second party of assistance to Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720736-covni-pompi-i-generatori-kiivsina-vidpravlae-drugu-partiu-dopomogi-do-hersonsini.html
Rains and thunderstorms will pass on weekends in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720528-na-vihidnih-v-ukraini-projdut-dosi-ta-grozi.html
The "summer cotton season" got Genichesk - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720735-sezon-litnoi-bavovni-distavsa-geniceska-fedorov.html
The State Archives of Lviv Oblast has already digitized more than 200 thousand documents
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3720746-derzavnij-arhiv-lvivskoi-oblasti-ocifruvav-vze-ponad-200-tisac-dokumentiv.html
The pilot of Russian combat aviation refused to fight against Ukraine and fled to Lithuania
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720805-pilot-rosijskoi-bojovoi-aviacii-vidmovivsa-vouvati-proti-ukraini-ta-vtik-do-litvi.html
Azerbaijan sends help to overcome the consequences
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720743-azerbajdzan-vidpravlae-dopomogu-dla-podolanna-naslidkiv-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-arahamia.html
Kherson received assistance from partner countries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720772-herson-otrimav-dopomogu-vid-krainpartneriv.html
The enemy tries to exhaust both the population of Ukraine and the air defense systems - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/vorog-namagayetsya-vysnazhuvaty-i-naselennya-ukrayiny-i-systemy-ppo-nataliya-gumenyuk/
Evacuation buses from Kherson region arrived in Odessa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720745-do-odesi-pribuli-evakuacijni-avtobusi-z-hersonsini.html
Mayor Mukachevo accuses deputies of the City Council of the meeting of meetings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720748-mer-mukaceva-zvinuvacue-deputativ-miskradi-u-sabotazi-zasidan.html
Canada continued "economic visa waiver" with Ukraine for another year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720751-kanada-prodovzila-ekonomicnij-bezviz-z-ukrainou-se-na-rik.html
The enemy was fired at the Nikopol district three times a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720749-vorog-za-den-trici-obstrilav-nikopolskij-rajon.html
Zelensky thanked Biden for a new security package
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720752-zelenskij-podakuvav-bajdenu-za-novij-paket-bezpekovoi-dopomogi.html
Agrarians are ready to block the entry of Polish trucks into the territory of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720753-agrarii-gotovi-blokuvati-vizd-polskih-vantazivok-na-teritoriu-ukraini.html
In southern France because of drought limited the use of water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720696-na-pivdni-francii-cerez-posuhu-obmezili-vikoristanna-vodi.html
Ukrainians were told how to act in the event of a sea of fish
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720760-ukrainciv-zaklikaut-u-razi-viavlenna-mora-ribi-negajno-povidomlati-u-derzribagentstvo.html
Ukraine will return civilian prisoners with two ways - Kuleb
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720761-ukraina-povertatime-civilnih-polonenih-z-rf-dvoma-slahami-kuleba.html
Two more regions sent humanitarian aid to Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720762-ise-dvi-oblasti-vidpravili-gumanitarnu-dopomogu-hersonsini.html
NATO's spokeswoman who has taken this post for longest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720629-recnica-nato-aka-najdovse-zajmala-cej-post-ide-u-vidstavku.html
In Nikolaev, an exhibition dedicated to the memory of the Azov regiment fighters was opened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3720765-u-mikolaevi-vidkrili-vistavku-prisvacenu-pamati-bijciv-polku-azov.html
There is a decision on humanitarian support from partners - Zelensky on a rescue operation in the south
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720766-zelenskij-pro-ratuvalnu-operaciu-na-pivdni-e-risenna-pro-gumanitarnu-pidtrimku-vid-partneriv.html
The British and Swedish Air Force has intercepted Russian planes in Europe three times a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720767-britanski-i-svedski-vps-trici-za-dobu-perehopluvali-rosijski-litaki-u-evropi.html
2.5 thousand people have already been evacuated in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720770-na-hersonsini-vze-evakuuvali-25-tisaci-ludej.html
The players of the national team of Ukraine reached the 1/4 finals of the World Cup 2023 with SOCCA, beating Morocco
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720768-futbolisti-zbirnoi-ukraini-vijsli-do-14-finalu-cs2023-iz-socca-obigravsi-marokko.html
Norway plans to extract metals from the seabed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720569-norvegia-planue-vidobuvati-metali-z-morskogo-dna.html
Kherson received assistance from partner countries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720772-herson-otrimav-dopomogu-vid-krainpartneriv.html
London first accused Iran of Moscow's military assistance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720777-london-uperse-zvinuvativ-iran-u-vijskovij-dopomozi-moskvi.html
Russians fired again Kherson during evacuation - three wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720781-rosiani-znovu-obstrilali-herson-pid-cas-evakuacii-troe-poranenih.html
Over 100 tons of assistance to Kherson residents have already been sent from Bukovina
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720784-z-bukovini-vidpravili-vze-ponad-100-tonn-dopomogi-zitelam-hersonsini.html
In the Russian Ufa, the composition of fuel and lubricants is burning
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720790-u-rosijskij-ufi-palae-sklad-palivnomastilnih-materialiv.html
In Kherson, the level of flooding decreases: at night the water fell by 20 centimeters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/u-hersoni-zmenshuyetsya-riven-zatoplennya-za-nich-voda-vpala-na-20-santymetriv/
The Ministry of Energy and the International Energy Agency have agreed on assistance to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720786-minenergo-i-miznarodna-energeticna-agencia-domovilisa-pro-dopomogu-ukraini.html
The SES showed damaged equipment that invaders fired during evacuation from Kherson
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720792-u-dsns-pokazali-poskodzenu-tehniku-aku-zagarbniki-obstrilali-pid-cas-evakuacii.html
UAF: The Disciplinary Committee has made a number of decisions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720793-uaf-kontrolnodisciplinarnij-komitet-uhvaliv-nizku-risen.html
Federal prosecutors published an indictment on Trump
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720795-federalni-prokurori-opriludnili-obvinuvalnij-visnovok-sodo-trampa.html
Azerbaijan will hand over 20 tons of fuel to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720798-azerbajdzan-peredast-ukraini-20-tonn-palnogo.html
Norwegian Rud became the rival of Serb Dzhokovich in the Rolan Harros final -2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720799-norvezec-ruud-stav-supernikom-serba-dzokovica-u-finali-rolan-garros2023.html
The water level in the Kakhovka reservoir fell to 11.3 meters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720796-riven-vodi-v-kahovskomu-vodoshovisi-vpav-do-113-metra.html
Members of the US Congress have presented a resolution calling for Ukraine to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720801-cleni-kongresu-ssa-predstavili-rezoluciu-iz-zaklikom-peredati-ukraini-atacms.html
Energoatom has translated the block 
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720802-energoatom-pereviv-blok-5-zaporizkoi-aes-u-stan-holodnogo-zupinu.html
The situation with flooding is heavy, water goes slowly - the head of the Kherson regional council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720803-situacia-z-pidtoplennami-vazka-voda-vidhodit-povilno-glava-hersonskoi-oblradi.html
Austrian business can join the humanitarian demining - Ministry of Economy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720804-avstrijskij-biznes-moze-dolucitis-do-gumanitarnogo-rozminuvanna-minekonomiki.html
The pilot of Russian combat aviation refused to fight against Ukraine and fled to Lithuania
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720805-pilot-rosijskoi-bojovoi-aviacii-vidmovivsa-vouvati-proti-ukraini-ta-vtik-do-litvi.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant: the water level in the reservoir decreased by another meter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-riven-vody-na-vodoshovyshhi-znyzyvsya-shhe-na-metr/
The date of the contact group on Defense of Ukraine in Ramstein format became known
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/stala-vidoma-data-provedennya-zasidannya-kontaktnoyi-grupy-z-pytan-oborony-ukrayiny-u-formati-ramshtajn/
Another lie from the aggressor: the Russian Federation prepares a special operation for discredit of Ukraine and military-political leadership
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/chergova-brehnya-vid-agresora-rf-gotuye-speczoperacziyu-z-dyskredytacziyi-ukrayiny-ta-voyenno-politychnogo-kerivnycztva/
In Ukraine, the first payments for housing repairs have started: Equinal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/v-ukrayini-startuvaly-pershi-vyplaty-dopomogy-na-remont-zhytla-yevidnovlennya/
London first accused Iran of Moscow's military assistance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720777-london-uperse-zvinuvativ-iran-u-vijskovij-dopomozi-moskvi.html
Kakhovsk hydroelectric power station was blown up by a sabotage group of invaders - intercepted conversation of Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/kahovsku-ges-pidirvala-dyversijna-grupa-okupantiv-perehoplena-rozmova-rosiyan/
"Information is also a weapon that has certain tasks, rules and laws" - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/informacziya-cze-tezh-zbroya-v-yakoyi-ye-pevni-zadachi-pravyla-i-zakony-ganna-malyar/
Situation on the ZPP: The water level in the cooler rate is stable
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/sytuacziya-na-zaes-riven-vody-u-stavku-oholodzhuvachi-stabilnyj/
Ukrainian pyrotechnics per day were neutralized nearly 400 ammunition, including six aircraft
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/ukrayinski-pirotehniky-za-dobu-zneshkodyly-majzhe-400-boyeprypasiv-zokrema-shist-aviabomb/
Rescue operation in Kherson region is ongoing: 2374 people have already evacuated
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/ryatuvalna-operacziya-na-hersonshhyni-tryvaye-vzhe-evakujovano-2374-osib/
Russians fired again Kherson during evacuation - three wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720781-rosiani-znovu-obstrilali-herson-pid-cas-evakuacii-troe-poranenih.html
The Won Answers - Kherson Manifesto to Free Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/vystava-lysty-bez-vidpovidi-manifest-hersona-do-vilnoyi-ukrayiny/
Army Anna Ryzhikova won silver at the world athletics tournament
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/armijka-anna-ryzhykova-zdobula-sriblo-na-svitovomu-turniri-z-legkoyi-atletyky/
All -Ukrainian dialogue about the life of Ukraine and Ukrainians after victory started in Khmelnitsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/vseukrayinskyj-dialog-pro-zhyttya-ukrayiny-ta-ukrayincziv-pislya-peremogy-startuvav-u-hmelnyczkomu/
During the last day, four civilians were killed in hostile shelling, 41 people were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/za-mynulu-dobu-vnaslidok-vorozhyh-obstriliv-zagynulo-chetvero-myrnyh-zhyteliv-41-osoba-distala-poranennya/
Russian terrorists deliberately try to aggravate the situation they have caused ecocid - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/rosijski-terorysty-svidomo-namagayutsya-pogirshyty-sytuacziyu-yaku-vony-sprychynyly-ekoczydom-prezydent-ukrayiny/
The head of state had a telephone conversation with Japanese Prime Minister: Tokyo prepares humanitarian aid for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/glava-derzhavy-mav-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-yaponskym-premyerom-tokio-gotuye-gumanitarnu-dopomogu-ukrayini/
Ukrainian Marines showed how they study with the help of "Javelins" to destroy the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/ukrayinski-morpihy-pokazaly-yak-navchayutsya-za-dopomogoyu-dzhaveliniv-nyshhaty-okupantiv/
The Armed Forces call the residents of the Left Bank of Kherson region to transfer data on changes in the positions of the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/zsu-zaklykayut-meshkancziv-livoberezhzhya-hersonshhyny-peredavaty-dani-pro-zminy-pozyczij-okupantiv/
Over 100 tons of assistance to Kherson residents have already been sent from Bukovina
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720784-z-bukovini-vidpravili-vze-ponad-100-tonn-dopomogi-zitelam-hersonsini.html
"The purpose of a night attack on Ukraine is to disperse our air defense and to feel its weaknesses" - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/meta-nichnoyi-povitryanoyi-ataky-na-ukrayinu-rozoseredyty-uvagu-nashoyi-ppo-ta-promaczaty-yiyi-slabki-misczya-yurij-ignat/
The main narratives that promote the Russian media on the war of the Russian Federation against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/osnovni-naratyvy-shho-prosuvayut-rosijski-zmi-shhodo-vijny-rf-proty-ukrayiny/
At all levels of the state and local authorities we work to save as many people from flooded areas - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/na-vsih-rivnyah-derzhavy-ta-misczevoyi-vlady-praczyuyemo-shhob-uryatuvaty-yaknajbilshe-lyudej-iz-zatoplenyh-rajoniv-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Defense forces per day repelled 43 attacks of invaders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/syly-oborony-za-dobu-vidbyly-43-ataky-okupantiv/
The evacuation of civilian population in Kherson region is complicated by hostile shelling - Vitaliy Kirilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/evakuacziya-czyvilnogo-naselennya-na-hersonshhyni-uskladnyuyetsya-vorozhymy-obstrilamy-vitalij-kyrylov/
What kind of dangerous objects on the banks of the Dnieper and the Black Sea coast
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/vazhlyvo-yak-vyglyadayut-najnebezpechnishi-predmety-na-uzberezhzhi-dnipra-ta-chornogo-morya/
As a result of the flood caused by the blasting of the Kakhovska Hydroe Dam, at least 5 people were killed, another 13 are considered missing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/vnaslidok-poveni-sprychynenoyi-pidryvom-damby-kahovskoyi-ges-zagynulo-shhonajmenshe-5-lyudej-shhe-13-vvazhayutsya-znyklymy-bezvisty/
Enemy Loss per day: Over 1000 invaders were eliminated, 34 artistem and 24 BBM were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-ponad-1000-okupantiv-znyshheno-34-artsystemy-i-24-bbm/
Anna Malyar explained why the Russians set up the "teeth of the dragon" on the approaches to the Crimea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/ganna-malyar-poyasnyla-chomu-rosiyany-vstanovlyuyut-zuby-drakona-na-pidstupah-do-krymu/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
In the Russian Ufa, the composition of fuel and lubricants is burning
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720790-u-rosijskij-ufi-palae-sklad-palivnomastilnih-materialiv.html
Latvia provides Ukraine with 200 thousand euros to overcome the consequences of the destruction of the Kakhovsky Dam
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/latviya-nadaye-ukrayini-200-mln-yevro-na-podolannya-naslidkiv-rujnuvannya/
Russian invaders are insidiously firing the evacuation locations - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/rosijski-okupanty-pidstupno-obstrilyuyut-misczya-evakuacziyi-lyudej-nataliya-gumenyuk/
Scythian gold will return Ukraine: the Supreme Court of the Netherlands has put a point in the case
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/skifske-zoloto-povernut-ukrayini-verhovnyj-sud-niderlandiv-postavyv-krapku-u-spravi/
On the left bank of the Dnieper, the occupiers were forced to move at a distance of 5 to 15 km
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/na-livomu-berezi-dnipra-okupanty-zmusheni-buly-posunutys-na-vidstan-vid-5-do-15-km/
"Our main task is to maximize the enemy and knock out his combat potential" - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/nashe-golovne-zavdannya-maksymalno-shkodyty-vorogu-ta-vybyvaty-jogo-bojovyj-potenczial-sergij-cherevatyj/
There were about 600 square meters in the area of flooding in Kherson region. km of the territory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/u-rajoni-pidtoplennya-na-hersonshhyni-opynylosya-blyzko-600-kv-km-terytoriyi/
Sweden has completed Ukrainian military training at CV90 BMP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/shvecziya-zavershyla-navchannya-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-na-bmp-cv90/
US Ambassador - after meeting with the Ukrainian Prime Minister: we will work together on the restoration of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/posol-ssha-pislya-zustrichi-z-ukrayinskym-premyerom-razom-praczyuvatymemo-nad-vidnovlennyam-ukrayiny/
The Ministry of Defense begins to operate an accelerator of innovative development
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/u-minoborony-rozpochynaye-diyaty-akselerator-innovaczijnogo-rozvytku/
Denmark transmits humanitarian aid to Ukraine worth 335 thousand euros for victims in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/daniya-peredaye-ukrayini-gumanitarnu-dopomogu-na-sumu-335-tys-yevro-dlya-postrazhdalyh-na-hersonshhyni/
During the last day, the Russians have inflicted 7 rocket launchers and 43 aviation strikes in Ukraine - there are victims
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-rosiyany-zavdaly-7-raketnyh-ta-43-aviaczijnyh-udary-po-ukrayini-ye-postrazhdali/
45 days instead of 2 years: now the latest technologies will be introduced in the Armed Forces much faster
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/45-dniv-zamist-2-rokiv-vidteper-novitni-tehnologiyi-zaprovadzhuvatymut-u-zsu-znachno-shvydshe/
Russia's teeth on their power: 95th brigade made a movie about defense of the Izum-Slavic direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/rosiya-stesala-zuby-ob-yihnyu-micz-95-ta-brygada-znyala-film-pro-oboronu-desantnykamy-napryamku-izyum-slovyansk/
They will judge a fighter from the Motorola group, which fired at the Donetsk airport
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/sudytymut-bojovyka-z-ugrupuvannya-motoroly-yakyj-viv-vogon-po-doneczkomu-aeroportu/
In several sections of the Bakhmut direction - active fighting, in Zaporizhzhya - positional battles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/na-dekilkoh-dilyankah-bahmutskogo-napryamku-aktyvni-bojovi-diyi-na-zaporizkomu-pozyczijni-boyi/
SESS calls to citizens immediately evacuate from flooding areas in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/dsns-zaklykaye-gromadyan-negajno-evakuyuvatysya-z-rajoniv-pidtoplennya-na-hersonshhyni/
In Kherson region, the evacuation groups of DSST rescued 97 civilians, among them one child - Vitaliy Kirilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/na-hersonshhyni-evakuaczijni-grupy-dsst-vryatuvaly-97-czyvilnyh-osib-z-nyh-odna-dytyna-vitalij-kyrylov/
More than 9,000 explosive objects were neutralized by defense forces over the past week
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/ponad-9-tysyach-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-zneshkodyly-syly-oborony-za-mynulyj-tyzhden/
Children have the right to a happy childhood, even in spite of the war - Sergey Naev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/dity-mayut-pravo-na-shhaslyve-dytynstvo-navit-popry-vijnu-sergij-nayev/
The Netherlands will assist Ukraine to eliminate the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/niderlandy-nadadut-dopomogu-ukrayini-dlya-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-pidryvu-rosiyeyu-kahovskoyi-grebli/
By sacrificing its people, the Russian Federation signals: the invasion of Ukraine has failed - the Britain's statement in the OSCE
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/zhertvuyuchy-svoyim-narodom-rf-syngalizuye-vtorgnennya-v-ukrayinu-provalylosya-zayava-brytaniyi-v-obsye/
The Ministry of Energy and the International Energy Agency have agreed on assistance to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720786-minenergo-i-miznarodna-energeticna-agencia-domovilisa-pro-dopomogu-ukraini.html
National Guards destroyed KA-52 helicopter, three tanks, three Russian artsystems and more than 130 occupiers last week
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/naczgvardijczi-znyshhyly-vertolit-ka-52-try-tanky-try-artsystemy-rf-ta-ponad-130-okupantiv-mynulogo-tyzhnya/
The first military personnel of the Armed Forces arrived in Japan for rehabilitation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/do-yaponiyi-na-reabilitacziyu-prybuly-pershi-vijskovosluzhbovczi-zsu/
Denis Shmigal called on the world community for intensive care to Ukraine to minimize the effects of catastrophe on Kakhovskaya Hydroe
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/denys-shmygal-zaklykav-svitovu-spilnotu-do-intensyvnoyi-dopomogy-ukrayini-shhob-minimizuvaty-naslidky-katastrofy-na-kahovskij-ges/
Russia attacks Kherson again: Coastal territories were under fire
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/rosiya-znovu-atakuye-herson-pid-vognem-opynylys-pryberezhni-terytoriyi/
It remains high probability of instruction of missile and air strikes in Ukraine - GSC
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/zalyshayetsya-vysokoyu-jmovirnist-zavdavannya-raketnyh-ta-aviaudariv-po-ukrayini-gsh/
The active actions of the Ukrainian army on the release of the occupied territories, including Crimea - Andriy Yusov are ongoing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/tryvayut-aktyvni-diyi-ukrayinskogo-vijska-shhodo-zvilnennya-okupovanyh-terytorij-zokrema-krymu-andrij-yusov/
Ukrainian Aviation has made 16 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/ukrayinska-aviacziya-zavdala-16-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
Impeded the movement of the Armed Forces units: the estimant of the invaders detained in the estuary
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/pereshkodzhav-peresuvannyu-pidrozdiliv-zsu-u-lymani-zatrymaly-informatora-okupantiv/
President of Ukraine has a telephone conversation with the Prime Minister of the Netherlands
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/prezydent-ukrayiny-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-premyer-ministrom-niderlandiv/
The first domedic assistance to the wounded: a seminar for media people took place in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/persha-domedychna-dopomoga-poranenym-u-kyyevi-vidbuvsya-seminar-dlya-medijnykiv/
In Crimea, Russian media silence the fact
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/u-krymu-rosijski-zmi-zamovchuyut-fakt-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-shhob-unyknuty-paniky-sered-naselennya/
The SES showed damaged equipment that invaders fired during evacuation from Kherson
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720792-u-dsns-pokazali-poskodzenu-tehniku-aku-zagarbniki-obstrilali-pid-cas-evakuacii.html
UN sent humanitarian convoy to Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/oon-napravyla-gumanitarni-konvoyi-do-hersonshhyny/
Estonia is ready to accept Ukrainians forced to evacuate as a result
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/estoniya-gotova-pryjmaty-ukrayincziv-vymushenyh-evakuyuvatysya-vnaslidok-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-posol-estoniyi/
Last week, NSU sappers surveyed 1400 hectares and neutralized 58 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/mynulogo-tyzhnya-sapery-ngu-obstezhyly-1400-ga-j-zneshkodyly-58-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
Part of the settlements in the Nikolaev area remain flooded due to the blasting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/chastyna-naselenyh-punktiv-na-mykolayivshhyni-zalyshayutsya-zatoplenymy-cherez-pidryv-damby-kahovskoyi-ges/
Tomorrow will start an open international music marathon Pam ’ Vasily Slipak
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/zavtra-rozpochnetsya-vidkrytyj-mizhnarodnyj-muzychnyj-marafon-pamyati-vasylya-slipaka/
Near Marinka our defenders repelled all the attacks of the enemy and caused him losses
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/poblyzu-maryinky-nashi-zahysnyky-vidbyly-usi-ataky-voroga-ta-zavdaly-jomu-vtrat/
As of today, 2.3 thousand people were evacuated from Kherson region-Prime Minister
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/stanom-na-sogodni-z-hersonshhyny-evakuyuvaly-23-tys-lyudej-premyer-ministr/
During the evacuation of residents from the flooding zone in Kherson, terrorists fired at rescuers again
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/pid-chas-evakuacziyi-meshkancziv-iz-zony-pidtoplen-u-hersoni-terorysty-vkotre-obstrilyaly-ryatuvalnykiv/
We see the heroism of our soldiers and grateful for every minute of their life, which is the life of Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/my-bachymo-geroyizm-nashyh-voyiniv-i-vdyachni-za-kozhnu-hvylynu-yihnogo-zhyttya-yake-ye-zhyttyam-ukrayiny-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Short. War. Day 471
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/korotko-vijna-den-471/
Another anti -government protest took place in the Serbia's capital - the sixth since early May
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720808-u-stolici-serbii-vidbuvsa-cergovij-antiuradovij-protest-sostij-z-pocatku-travna.html
The number of forest fires in Canada by 2050 will double - minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720806-kilkist-lisovih-pozez-u-kanadi-do-2050-roku-podvoitsa-ministr.html
Air alarm was announced in a number of regions of Ukraine, air defense works in the south
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720807-u-nizci-oblastej-ukraini-ogolosena-povitrana-trivoga.html
Air alarm was announced in a number of regions of Ukraine, air defense works in the south
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720807-u-nizci-oblastej-ukraini-ogolosena-povitrana-trivoga.html
The number of forest fires in Canada by 2050 will double - minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720806-kilkist-lisovih-pozez-u-kanadi-do-2050-roku-podvoitsa-ministr.html
Another anti -government protest took place in the Serbia's capital - the sixth since early May
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720808-u-stolici-serbii-vidbuvsa-cergovij-antiuradovij-protest-sostij-z-pocatku-travna.html
The US gives Ukraine a new military assistance package of $ 2.1 billion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/ssha-dayut-ukrayini-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-na-21-mlrd/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====