乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-10

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanshchyna directions Russian army shelled Brylivka, Moschenka, Hal...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4728
At Kupiansk Direction Russian Army Shelled Kamyanka, Topoli, Petro-Ivanivka, Fyholivka, Novom ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4729
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka and Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Yampo...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4730
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarkove, Bakhmut ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4731
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novokalinova, Berdyshi, Lastochkine, Avdiivka, C ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4732
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Serhiivka and Pobeda of Donetsk region, - Generator...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4733
At Shakhtarske direction Russian army shelled Paraskoviyivka, Novomykhaylivka and Vuhledar. R...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4734
Sumska Oblast(15:59). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44901
After the victory of Ukraine, the need for military psychology specialists will double - Anna Malyar -
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/pislya-peremogy-ukrayiny-potreba-u-fahivczyah-vijskovoyi-psyhologiyi-zroste-vdvichi-ganna-malyar/
How to support loved ones returned from captivity: Psychologist's advice
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/yak-pidtrymaty-blyzkyh-yaki-povernulysya-z-polonu-porady-psyhologa/
Ukraine has received almost € 190 million from the World Bank
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/ukrayina-otrymala-majzhe-e190-miljoniv-vid-svitovogo-banku/
How to create a reliable password for accounts - Tips of the State Secret ’ Land
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/yak-stvoryty-nadijnyj-parol-do-oblikovyh-zapysiv-porady-derzhspeczzvyazku/
Russia has blocked the work of the "grain corridor" again
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/rosiya-vchergove-zablokuvala-robotu-zernovogo-korydoru/
Representatives of Ukraine and Russia began monitoring visits to the places of maintenance of civilians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/predstavnyky-ukrayiny-i-rosiyi-rozpochaly-monitoryngovi-vizyty-do-miscz-utrymannya-czyvilnyh/
The invaders of the Russian Federation during the conversation are reflected over the inevitability of losing in the war - intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/zagarbnyky-rf-pid-chas-rozmovy-rozmirkovuyut-nad-nemynuchistyu-prograshu-u-vijni-perehoplennya-gur/
Last day, the enemy struck 30 rocket launchers, 61 aviation strike and made 89 shelling of the RSSU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/mynuloyi-doby-protyvnyk-zavdav-30-raketnyh-61-aviaczijnogo-udaru-ta-zdijsnyv-89-obstriliv-z-rszv/
Ukrainian defenders repelled 42 hostile attacks in four directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-vidbyly-42-vorozhyh-ataky-na-chotyroh-napryamkah/
The racists export the looted property from the frontlines in the Zaporozhye region - the General Staff
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/rashysty-vyvozyat-nagrabovane-majno-z-pryfrontovyh-terytorij-u-zaporizkij-oblasti-genshtab/
Defense forces destroyed 23 out of 25 rockets released across Ukraine on the night of May 9 - Valery Zaluzhny
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/syly-oborony-znyshhyly-23-iz-25-raket-vypushhenyh-po-ukrayini-u-nich-na-9-travnya-valerij-zaluzhnyj/
Aviation of Defense Forces over the past day has made 16 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-mynulu-dobu-zavdala-16-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
The General Staff of the Armed Forces warns: on May 9, Russia prepares provocations against its inhabitants
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/genshtab-zsu-poperedzhaye-9-travnya-rosiya-gotuye-provokacziyi-proty-svoyih-meshkancziv/
More than 195 thousand soldiers have lost the army of the Russian Federation in Ukraine since the beginning of large -scale aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/ponad-195-tysyach-vijskovyh-vtratyla-armiya-rf-v-ukrayini-z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-agresiyi/
On the day of honoring victory over tyranny, Russia was distinguished by a massive shelling of Ukraine - US Ambassador
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/u-den-vshanuvannya-peremogy-nad-tyraniyeyu-rosiya-vidznachylasya-masovanym-obstrilom-ukrayiny-posol-ssha/
What military equipment was shown at the parade in Moscow
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/yaku-vijskovu-tehniku-pokazaly-na-paradi-v-moskvi/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy: We are actively preparing with Europe 11th sanction package against
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/volodymyr-zelenskyj-aktyvno-gotuyemo-razom-iz-yevropoyu-11-j-sankczijnyj-paket-proty-rosiyi/
"Milan" lost "Inter" The first match of 1/2 finals of the UEFA Champions League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707502-milan-prograv-interu-persij-matc-12-finalu-ligi-cempioniv-uefa.html
Turkey has delayed payment for Russian energy - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707501-tureccina-vidterminuvala-oplatu-za-rosijski-energonosii-zmi.html
The busts of Ukrainian figures at the University Station: Polls began in the Kyiv Digital application.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3707323-busti-ukrainskih-diaciv-na-stancii-universitet-u-zastosunku-kiiv-cifrovij-pocali-opituvanna.html
Russia produces up to 150 tanks a year but has thousands of old ones for repair - Badrak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707319-rosia-viroblae-do-150-tankiv-na-rik-ale-mae-tisaci-starih-tankiv-dla-remontu-badrak.html
Tbilisi is protesting against the recovery of airline with Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707500-u-tbilisi-protestuut-proti-vidnovlenna-aviaspolucenna-z-rosieu.html
Yastremskaya squeezed a racket in the first circle of WTA tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707497-astremska-zacohlila-raketku-u-persomu-koli-turniru-wta-v-rimi.html
In the Diet of Lithuania, they want to impose criminal liability for approval of Russian aggression
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707350-u-sejmi-litvi-hocut-vvesti-kriminalnu-vidpovidalnist-za-shvalenna-agresii-rf.html
Zelensky celebrated 266 defenders by state awards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707495-zelenskij-vidznaciv-derzavnimi-nagorodami-266-zahisnikiv.html
In Istanbul, a meeting on the “Grain Agreement” ended
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707496-u-stambuli-zaversilasa-zustric-sodo-zernovoi-ugodi.html
The President had a meeting with government officials: they talked about the restoration of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3707494-prezident-proviv-naradu-z-uradovcami-govorili-pro-vidnovlenna-ukraini.html
The youth team of Ukraine gave way to the Slovaks at the start of the UEFA Development Tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707491-unacka-zbirna-ukraini-postupilasa-po-penalti-slovakam-na-starti-turniru-rozvitku-uefa.html
Ukraine is developing new defensive packages with partners - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707490-ukraina-napracovue-z-partnerami-novi-oboronni-paketi-zelenskij.html
The war in Ukraine will increasingly contrast the amount of quality - Admiral Bauer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707487-vijna-v-ukraini-dedali-silnise-protistavlatime-kilkist-akosti-admiral-bauer.html
It is in Ukraine that the world will see what Europe is capable of - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707498-same-v-ukraini-svit-bacitime-na-so-zdatna-evropa-prezident.html
The enemy fired at Chernihiv border with uncontrollable aviation missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707486-rosiani-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini-nekerovanimi-aviacijnimi-raketami.html
JSC Siverschyna And Slobozhanshchina Directioc Rusian Army Shelled Hasichivka, Iron Bridge ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4738
Lubinets and Grossy talked about the safety at the NPP during the Russian invasion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707484-lubinec-ta-grossi-pogovorili-pro-bezpeku-na-aes-pid-cas-rosijskogo-vtorgnenna.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka, Bilohorivka and Vesele of Luhansk region a...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4740
Boguslaev asks to include it in the list for exchange with the Russian Federation - "Schemes"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707480-boguslaev-poprosiv-vkluciti-jogo-v-spisok-na-obmin-z-rf-shemi.html
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Bogdanivka, Bakhmut, Ivanovsk, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4741
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Novokalinova, Avdiivka, Pervomaisko, Neterilov A ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4742
States threatened Georgia with sanctions in case
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707483-stati-prigrozili-gruzii-sankciami-u-razi-vidnovlenna-pramogo-aviaspolucenna-z-rf.html
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novomikhailivka, Vodyane, Vodane, Colord, Wondering ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4744
Ukraine will warm up to +21 ° tomorrow but again with night frosts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707295-ukrainu-zavtra-progrie-do-21-ale-znovu-z-nicnimi-zamorozkami.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka and Novopil of Donetsk r...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4745
Hungary referred an application for Euro-2024 from figure skating
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707478-ugorsina-vidizvala-zaavku-na-provedenna-evro2024-z-figurnogo-katanna.html
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4746
Russia has to realize that it is not to win in Ukraine - Britain in the OSCE
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707474-rosia-mae-usvidomiti-so-ij-ne-peremogti-v-ukraini-britania-v-obse.html
The State Department has declared an urgent need to extend the "grain agreement"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707476-derzdep-zaaviv-pro-terminovu-neobhidnist-prodovziti-cornomorsku-zernovu-ugodu.html
Levitz will not re -run for President of Latvia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707471-levits-ne-bude-povtorno-balotuvatis-u-prezidenti-latvii.html
Austria will ban civil servants to set Tiktok on work phones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3707469-avstria-zaboronit-derzsluzbovcam-vstanovluvati-tiktok-na-roboci-telefoni.html
NATO Military Committee confirmed the adamant support of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3707468-vijskovij-komitet-nato-pidtverdiv-nepohitnu-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
Sachko was unable to break into the quarterfinals at the ATP tournament in the Czech Republic
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707466-sacko-ne-zmig-probitisa-do-cvertfinalu-na-turniri-atp-u-cehii.html
Imagine Dragons released a clip that was filmed in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3707464-imagine-dragons-vipustili-klip-akij-znali-v-ukraini.html
Another Canadian province reduces oil production through forest fires
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707462-se-odna-kanadska-provincia-skorocue-vidobutok-nafti-cerez-lisovi-pozezi.html
Ministry of Education asks the police to check whether the diploma of Spartacus Subscribes has worked
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707457-mionsviti-prosit-policiu-pereviriti-ci-pidroblav-diplom-spartak-subbota.html
Within the experimental project plan to recover 25,000 children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707450-u-mezah-eksperimentalnogo-proektu-planuut-ozdoroviti-25-tis-ditej.html
The Foreign Ministry called on Brazil to join the formula of Peace of Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3707431-u-mzs-zaklikali-braziliu-dolucitisa-do-formuli-miru-zelenskogo.html
Damage in Olkhovatka village of Belgorod region after suspected drone explosion
https://t.me/bbbreaking/154956
14 servicemen wounded at firing range in Voronezh region as result of drone attack, at least ...
https://t.me/bazabazon/17513
Zaporizka Oblast(09:16). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/10-may-zaporizka-oblast0916-red-alert-aerial-g
Donetsk Oblast(09:36). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44925
2 suspected drones were shot down in Mekhovo village of Kaluga region on 9th May
https://t.me/bbbreaking/154963
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(09:38). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44926
One person died after shelling  in Shebekino, said the governor of the Belgorod region Gladkov
https://t.me/bbbreaking/154965
Russian army conducted 23 missile strikes, 43 airstrikes and over 97 shelling with MLRS, - Ge...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4737
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Heorhiyivka, - General Staff of Armed Forces of Uk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4743
Damage in Nikopol district as result of Russian shelling
https://t.me/dneproperatyv/62365
Donetsk Oblast(11:26). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44932
At least 3 UJ-22 Airborne drones were intercepted/crashed in regions near Moscow on 9th May
https://t.me/rusbrief/115782
Zaporizka Oblast(11:46). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12745
Poltavska Oblast(11:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/11086
Sumy region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region (11: Chsh). Red Alrt: ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44937
1 person killed as result of Russian shelling in Vovchansk
https://twitter.com/kava2022/status/1656250965610119169
Water main pipeline damaged in Kherson as result of shelling
https://t.me/roman_mrochko/246
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(14:27). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44945
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(14:41). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44946
Russian aviation active at Kherson direction
https://t.me/hueviyherson/39238
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(15:06). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24700
Donetsk Oblast(15:06). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44949
Zaporizka Oblast(15:14). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12750
Russian Ambassador Sergey Andreev was summoned to the Polish Foreign Ministry in connection w...
https://twitter.com/United24media/status/1656295108415725569
Putin signed a decree on mobilisation of reservists "for military training"
https://t.me/youlistenedmayak/26568
1 person wounded as result of shelling at defensive object in Kursk region as result of shelling
https://t.me/tass_agency/191398
Odeska Oblast(23:09). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilneodesa/23120
Woman killed in shelling in Kakhovka district
https://t.me/suspilnekherson/25975
Ukrainian units have launched several successful counter-attacks at Bakhmut direction, - comm...
https://t.me/osirskiy/66
Donetsk Oblast(19:00). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44958
Russian army shelled Nikopol district today
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/41573
Chernihivska Oblast(19:25). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18444
France opens war crime investigation into AFP reporter's death: prosecutors
https://twitter.com/jonathaneebrown/status/1656341024283688971
Chernihivska Oblast(20:26). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44962
Sumska Oblast(20:26). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44963
The Foreign Ministry found nearly 30 strong candidates for ambassadors - Kuleba
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3707303-mzs-znajslo-majze-30-silnih-kandidativ-na-posadi-posliv-kuleba.html
In the Nikolaev area they rebuild damaged shelling of Russians homes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3707304-na-mikolaivsini-vidbudovuut-poskodzeni-obstrilami-rosian-budinki.html
"Another Provocation": Georgia President responded to the cancellation of visas by Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707307-cergova-provokacia-prezidentka-gruzii-vidreaguvala-na-skasuvanna-viz-rosieu.html
Return of the Case of Kharkov: The court did not grant the prosecutor's request
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707308-povernenna-spravi-stepi-do-harkova-sud-ne-zadovolniv-klopotanna-prokuraturi.html
China has increased exports of goods to Russia to a record level - Bloomberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707309-kitaj-narostiv-eksport-tovariv-u-rosiu-do-rekordnogo-rivna-bloomberg.html
The Ministry of Defense denied Russian fakes about the "liquidation of Ukrainian commander" - all alive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707310-u-minoboroni-sprostuvali-rosijski-fejki-pro-likvidaciu-ukrainskih-komanduvaciv-vsi-zivi.html
2 drones exploded in Belgorod district, according to local governor
https://t.me/bazabazon/17542
The weapons provided to Ukraine will not be enough for the liberation of Crimea and Donbass this year - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707316-nadanoi-ukraini-zbroi-ne-vistacit-dla-zvilnenna-krimu-i-donbasu-cogoric-ekspert.html
In the American city of Rochester, the office of honorary consul of Ukraine was launched
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3707318-v-amerikanskomu-misti-rocester-zapracuvav-ofis-pocesnogo-konsula-ukraini.html
Zaporizka Oblast(22:00). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44966
Kuleba calls not to consider the Ukrainian counter -offensive last
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707322-kuleba-zaklikae-ne-vvazati-ukrainskij-kontrnastup-ostannim.html
European Commission through the U-LEAD program organizes in Ukraine test pilot projects for school recovery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3707327-evrokomisia-cerez-programu-ulead-organizue-v-ukraini-testovi-pilotni-proekti-z-vidnovlenna-skil.html
Omelchuk won "silver" at the stage of the COP on sports shooting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707328-omelcuk-zdobuv-sriblo-na-etapi-ks-zi-strilbi.html
Rape of a minor in Cherkasy: suspected police officers were taken into custody
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707329-zgvaltuvanna-nepovnolitnoi-u-cerkasah-pidozruvanih-policejskih-vzali-pid-vartu.html
Tel Aviv got under rocket fire from the Gaza Sector
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707330-telaviv-potrapiv-pid-raketnij-obstril-iz-sektora-gazi.html
The Ministry of Health was told about the level of Covid -Watering in Ukraine - 12.3 million still without the first Buster
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707331-u-moz-rozpovili-pro-riven-covidseplenna-v-ukraini-123-miljona-dosi-bez-persogo-bustera.html
In Rivne region a tractor was blown up by mini - there is a dead and injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707332-na-rivnensini-na-mini-pidirvavsa-traktor-e-zagiblij-ta-poranenij.html
In Russia, there is a limited number of "daggers" and "calibers" - Yusov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707335-u-rosii-zalisilasa-obmezena-kilkist-kindzaliv-i-kalibriv-usov.html
Long Commandant Hour in Kherson: Finding Weapons Schron and Detained Two Fire Correptors
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707337-dovga-komendantska-godina-u-hersoni-viavili-shron-zbroi-ta-zatrimali-dvoh-koriguvalnikiv-vognu.html
A series of immersive concerts of The Sound of Ukraine took place in Canada
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3707338-u-kanadi-vidbulasa-seria-imersivnih-koncertiv-the-sound-of-ukraine.html
Georgia's President demands to convene a Security Council after cancellation of Russian visas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707340-prezidentka-gruzii-vimagae-sklikati-radu-bezpeki-pisla-skasuvanna-viz-rosieu.html
Ukraine will not take part in the Youth Championship of the World Chess
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707339-ukraina-ne-vizme-ucast-u-unackomu-cempionati-svitu-z-sahiv.html
At Cyprus Diaspora joined the Memorial and Victory Day celebration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3707342-na-kipri-diaspora-dolucilasa-do-vidznacenna-dna-pamati-ta-peremogi.html
China has to let Russia understand that it has gone into a dead end - France's Foreign Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707343-kitaj-mae-dati-rosii-zrozumiti-so-vona-zajsla-u-gluhij-kut-glava-mzs-francii.html
In Ukraine this year 13,000 contracts of sale in the land market have been concluded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707344-v-ukraini-cogoric-uklali-13-tisac-ugod-kupivliprodazu-na-rinku-zemli.html
Cherevaty called the "projectile famine" of the Russians in Bakhmut - 524 shelling per day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707346-cerevatij-nazvav-fejkom-snaradnij-golod-rosian-u-bahmuti-524-obstrili-za-dobu.html
Russian army shelled Zaporizhzhia district with missiles with cluster munition, several house...
https://t.me/info_zp/35258
DTEK launched a giant lava
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707347-dtek-zapustiv-lavugigant.html
In the center of Beryslav installed mobile concrete shelter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707349-u-centri-berislava-vstanovili-mobilne-betonne-ukritta.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
Three more residential buildings were repaired in Kiev, damaged by shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3707352-u-kievi-vidremontuvali-se-tri-zitlovi-budinki-poskodzeni-vnaslidok-obstriliv.html
Zavatska went to the second circle of the tournament in Slovakia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707355-zavacka-vijsla-do-drugogo-kola-turniru-v-slovaccini.html
In Switzerland, the assets of the Central Bank of the Russian Federation for 7.4 billion francs are stored
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707356-u-svejcarii-zberigaetsa-aktiviv-centrobanku-rf-na-74-milarda-frankiv.html
Poltavska Oblast(23:07). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/11095
Mykolaiv, Mykolaiv region, Chernihiv region, Donetsk region, Kirovohrad region, ha ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44973
Sumy region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Kherson, Kherson region (23:09). Red Alrt: ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44977
Shoigu, Gerasimov and Prigogine are already defined in the defeat - GUR
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707359-sojgu-gerasimov-i-prigozin-vze-viznacaut-miz-sobou-vinnih-u-porazci-gur.html
Nikolaev with the support of Denmark received two kilometers of new plastic pipes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3707360-mikolaiv-za-pidtrimki-danii-otrimav-dva-kilometri-novih-polietilenovih-trub.html
Dnipropetrovsk received 48 hospital beds and 280 tripods under droplets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707361-dnipropetrovsina-otrimala-48-likarnanih-lizok-ta-280-stativiv-pid-krapelnici.html
In Chernihiv presented tools of rapid recovery of the schools destroyed by the schools
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3707362-u-cernigovi-prezentuvali-instrumenti-svidkogo-vidnovlenna-zrujnovanih-vijnou-skil.html
Explosions reported in Kramatorsk district
https://t.me/war_monitor/7220
Vorskla won the Ukrainian Championship Along with women ahead of schedule
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707363-vorskla-dostrokovo-vigrala-cempionat-ukraini-sered-zinok.html
A girl from Lviv region in the United States performed a unique surgery - the bone of the feet was implanted in the jaw
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707366-divcini-zi-lvivsini-u-ssa-proveli-unikalnu-operaciu-kistku-nogi-implantuvali-v-selepu.html
Two tractors were blown up in the Nikolaev area
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707369-na-mikolaivsini-pidirvalisa-dva-traktori.html
Inflation in Ukraine in April slowed up to 0.2%
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707371-inflacia-v-ukraini-u-kvitni-spovilnilasa-do-02.html
Drone hit administrative building in Starodub town of Bryansk region, - governor
https://t.me/rusbrief/116013
Ukrainian language development programs should be in all deoculated territories - Kremin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707372-programi-rozvitku-ukrainskoi-movi-maut-buti-na-vsih-deokupovanih-teritoriah-kremin.html
Ukraine this year has exported to the EU about one million tons of soybean
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707374-ukraina-cogoric-eksportuvala-do-es-blizko-miljona-tonn-soi.html
Ukreximbank's profit in four months reached ₴ 1.2 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707375-pributok-ukreksimbanku-za-cotiri-misaci-sagnuv-12-milarda.html
President Zelensky created a city military administration in the temporarily occupied Skadovsk
https://twitter.com/UKRINFORM/status/1656410281579278338
There are 46 children in the Zaporozhye region on the front line
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707377-u-zaporizkij-oblasti-na-linii-frontu-zalisautsa-46-ditej.html
In the United States, the official charges of the scandalous Congressman Santos
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707379-u-ssa-visunuli-oficijni-obvinuvacenna-skandalnomu-kongresmenu-santosu.html
Russia has rebuilt the economy for a long -lasting war - Badrak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707380-rosia-perebuduvala-ekonomiku-pid-dovgotrivalu-vijnu-badrak.html
The Vatican states that the "peacekeeping mission" of the Pope in Ukraine continues
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707383-u-vatikani-zaavlaut-so-mirotvorca-misia-papi-rimskogo-v-ukraini-trivae.html
Hospital in Zhytomyr region received a € 24,000 rehabilitation equipment from benefactors
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707384-likarna-na-zitomirsini-otrimala-vid-blagodijnikiv-reabilitacijne-obladnanna-na-24-tisaci.html
Ukraine will receive € 20 million for startup development
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3707386-ukraina-otrimae-20-miljoniv-na-rozvitok-startapiv.html
Berlin did not contact Moscow on the anniversary of the end of World War II - a spokesman
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707388-berlin-ne-kontaktuvav-iz-moskvou-sodo-ricnici-zaversenna-drugoi-svitovoi-vijni-recnik.html
A Canadian who threw a stone in a Trudeau was planted under house arrest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707390-kanadca-akij-zburnuv-kamin-u-trudo-posadili-pid-domasnij-arest.html
Putin ordered to call the reserves for military assembly
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707389-putin-nakazav-prizvati-zapasnikiv-na-vijskovi-zbori.html
Putin ordered to call the reserves for military assembly
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707389-putin-nakazav-prizvati-zapasnikiv-na-vijskovi-zbori.html
"Minus" 14 targets in two days: SBU showed the work of special forces and "white wolves"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707392-minus-14-cilej-za-dva-dni-sbu-pokazala-robotu-specpriznacenciv-i-bilih-vovkiv.html
Tsurenko beat Svitolina at a tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707397-curenko-obigrala-svitolinu-na-turniri-u-rimi.html
Deputies discussed with the presidential representation to the ARC first steps after the release of Crimea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3707398-deputati-obgovorili-z-predstavnictvom-prezidenta-v-ark-persocergovi-kroki-pisla-zvilnenna-krimu.html
In Mariupol, posters with the inscriptions "August near" were hung against the backdrop of a photo of the military of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707399-u-mariupoli-rozvisili-plakati-z-napisami-serpen-blizko-na-tli-foto-vijskovih-zsu.html
Kostevich won the "silver" stage of the COP on sports shooting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707402-kostevic-zdobula-sriblo-etapu-ks-zi-sportivnoi-strilbi.html
The Russians for today fired at about 20 settlements of Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707403-rosiani-za-sogodni-obstrilali-blizko-20-naselenih-punktiv-harkivsini.html
The capital will cancel the flights of two minibuses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3707404-u-stolici-skasuut-rejsi-dvoh-marsrutok.html
Negotiations have started in Istanbul to continue the Grain Agreement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707405-u-stambuli-startuvali-peregovori-pro-prodovzenna-zernovoi-ugodi.html
The Czech Republic will hand over two CUB to Ukraine with rockets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707406-cehia-peredast-ukraini-dvi-sistemi-ppo-kub-iz-raketami.html
In Okhmatdita, a modern rehabilitation department for children in hospital will be opened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707407-v-ohmatditi-vidkriut-sucasne-viddilenna-reabilitacii-dla-ditej-v-umovah-stacionaru.html
Representatives of 55 countries arrived at the Forum of the Mayors Agreement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707409-na-forum-ugoda-meriv-do-lvova-priihali-predstavniki-55-krain.html
In Kherson region, during field work on the Russian mini, a tractor was blown up
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707411-na-hersonsini-pid-cas-polovih-robit-na-rosijskij-mini-pidirvavsa-traktor.html
45 Ukrainian manufacturers have the right to export dairy products
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707412-eksportuvati-molocnu-produkciu-maut-pravo-45-ukrainskih-virobnikiv.html
From the dangerous settlements of Kharkiv region evacuated all children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707414-iz-nebezpecnih-naselenih-punktiv-harkivsini-evakuuvali-vsih-ditej.html
Ministries presented seven priority projects of the All -Ukrainian Mental Health Program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707417-ministerstva-predstavili-sim-prioritetnih-proektiv-vseukrainskoi-programi-mentalnogo-zdorova.html
In the case of Gandziuk's murder on May 11 will be held debate
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707416-u-spravi-vbivstva-gandzuk-11-travna-vidbudutsa-debati.html
385 bodies have been identified in the liberated territories of Donetsk region, 282 persons identified
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707418-na-zvilnenih-teritoriah-doneccini-viavili-385-til-identifikovani-282-osobi.html
On a single portal - 184 thousand vacancies: whom employers are looking for and what salary
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707420-na-edinomu-portali-184-tisaci-vakansij-kogo-sukaut-robotodavci-ta-na-aku-zarplatu.html
The Russians fired the village in the Kakhovsky district, a woman was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707421-rosiani-obstrilali-selo-u-kahovskomu-rajoni-zaginula-zinka.html
Working Group at MOU offers monitoring visits in hospital and military units
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707425-u-minoboroni-proponuut-monitoringovi-viziti-u-likarni-ta-vijskovi-castini.html
Exacerbation in Israel: Embassy reminded Ukrainians about safety rules
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707426-zagostrenna-v-izraili-posolstvo-nagadalo-ukraincam-pro-pravila-bezpeki.html
UPL: "Dnipro-1" and "Alexandria" will play a postponed match on May 11
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707428-upl-dnipro1-ta-oleksandria-dograut-perenesenij-matc-11-travna.html
The enemy concentrated the attack in four directions, for Bakhmut and Marinka fights
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707429-vorog-zoserediv-ataki-na-cotiroh-napramkah-za-bahmut-i-marinku-vedutsa-boi.html
Irish military teach Ukrainian demining and neutralizing bombs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707430-irlandski-vijskovi-vcat-ukrainskih-rozminuvannu-ta-zneskodzennu-bomb.html
There are already over 200,000 Russians in the National Police, who committed crimes in Ukraine - Nebitov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707434-u-bazi-nacpolicii-vze-e-ponad-200-tisac-rosian-aki-vcinali-zlocini-v-ukraini-nebitov.html
Georgia will allow direct flights to Russian airlines that are not under sanctions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707437-gruzia-dozvolit-prami-rejsi-aviakompaniam-rf-aki-ne-pid-sankciami.html
Syrsky - about Bakhmut: In some areas, the Russians retreated to a distance of up to two kilometers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707438-sirskij-pro-bahmut-na-okremih-dilankah-rosiani-vidstupili-na-distanciu-do-2-kilometriv.html
Kyivstar has allocated 10 million for the children's burn department of the Unbreakable Center in Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707441-kiivstar-vidiliv-10-miljoniv-dla-ditacogo-opikovogo-viddilenna-centru-nezlamni-u-lvovi.html
Due to shelling in the Nikopol district, an enterprise was injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707443-cerez-obstrili-v-nikopolskomu-rajoni-postrazdalo-pidpriemstvo.html
Dynamo Timchik and Popov will not play against Chernomorets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707445-dinamivci-timcik-ta-popov-ne-zigraut-proti-cornomorca.html
In Sweden there was an explosion at the ammunition factory
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707446-u-svecii-stavsa-vibuh-na-zavodi-z-virobnictva-boepripasiv.html
At the OSCE meeting, the Ukrainian flag was launched from the fighters from the forefront
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3707447-na-zasidanni-obse-rozgornuli-ukrainskij-prapor-vid-bijciv-z-peredovoi.html
In Ukraine, about 400 educational institutions are completely destroyed, almost 3000 - damaged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707449-v-ukraini-blizko-400-zakladiv-osviti-zniseni-povnistu-majze-3000-poskodzeni.html
In Mariupol Port, grain residues in the terminal are burning
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707453-u-mariupolskomu-portu-gorat-zaliski-zerna-v-terminali.html
Searches at Lviv Customs: Baby dug "gray" equipment for 20 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707454-obsuki-na-lvivskij-mitnici-beb-virilo-siroi-tehniki-na-20-miljoniv.html
Ministry of Education asks the police to check whether the diploma of Spartacus Subscribes has worked
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707457-mionsviti-prosit-policiu-pereviriti-ci-pidroblav-diplom-spartak-subbota.html
Another Canadian province reduces oil production through forest fires
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707462-se-odna-kanadska-provincia-skorocue-vidobutok-nafti-cerez-lisovi-pozezi.html
Imagine Dragons released a clip that was filmed in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3707464-imagine-dragons-vipustili-klip-akij-znali-v-ukraini.html
Sachko was unable to break into the quarterfinals at the ATP tournament in the Czech Republic
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707466-sacko-ne-zmig-probitisa-do-cvertfinalu-na-turniri-atp-u-cehii.html
NATO Military Committee confirmed the adamant support of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3707468-vijskovij-komitet-nato-pidtverdiv-nepohitnu-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
Austria will ban civil servants to set Tiktok on work phones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3707469-avstria-zaboronit-derzsluzbovcam-vstanovluvati-tiktok-na-roboci-telefoni.html
Levitz will not re -run for President of Latvia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707471-levits-ne-bude-povtorno-balotuvatis-u-prezidenti-latvii.html
The State Department has declared an urgent need to extend the "grain agreement"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707476-derzdep-zaaviv-pro-terminovu-neobhidnist-prodovziti-cornomorsku-zernovu-ugodu.html
Russia has to realize that it is not to win in Ukraine - Britain in the OSCE
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707474-rosia-mae-usvidomiti-so-ij-ne-peremogti-v-ukraini-britania-v-obse.html
Hungary referred an application for Euro-2024 from figure skating
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707478-ugorsina-vidizvala-zaavku-na-provedenna-evro2024-z-figurnogo-katanna.html
Ukraine will warm up to +21 ° tomorrow but again with night frosts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707295-ukrainu-zavtra-progrie-do-21-ale-znovu-z-nicnimi-zamorozkami.html
States threatened Georgia with sanctions in case
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707483-stati-prigrozili-gruzii-sankciami-u-razi-vidnovlenna-pramogo-aviaspolucenna-z-rf.html
Boguslaev asks to include it in the list for exchange with the Russian Federation - "Schemes"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707480-boguslaev-poprosiv-vkluciti-jogo-v-spisok-na-obmin-z-rf-shemi.html
Lubinets and Grossy talked about the safety at the NPP during the Russian invasion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707484-lubinec-ta-grossi-pogovorili-pro-bezpeku-na-aes-pid-cas-rosijskogo-vtorgnenna.html
The enemy fired at Chernihiv border with uncontrollable aviation missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707486-rosiani-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini-nekerovanimi-aviacijnimi-raketami.html
It is in Ukraine that the world will see what Europe is capable of - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707498-same-v-ukraini-svit-bacitime-na-so-zdatna-evropa-prezident.html
The war in Ukraine will increasingly contrast the amount of quality - Admiral Bauer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707487-vijna-v-ukraini-dedali-silnise-protistavlatime-kilkist-akosti-admiral-bauer.html
Ukraine is developing new defensive packages with partners - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707490-ukraina-napracovue-z-partnerami-novi-oboronni-paketi-zelenskij.html
The youth team of Ukraine gave way to the Slovaks at the start of the UEFA Development Tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707491-unacka-zbirna-ukraini-postupilasa-po-penalti-slovakam-na-starti-turniru-rozvitku-uefa.html
The President had a meeting with government officials: they talked about the restoration of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3707494-prezident-proviv-naradu-z-uradovcami-govorili-pro-vidnovlenna-ukraini.html
In Istanbul, a meeting on the “Grain Agreement” ended
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707496-u-stambuli-zaversilasa-zustric-sodo-zernovoi-ugodi.html
Zelensky celebrated 266 defenders by state awards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707495-zelenskij-vidznaciv-derzavnimi-nagorodami-266-zahisnikiv.html
In the Diet of Lithuania, they want to impose criminal liability for approval of Russian aggression
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707350-u-sejmi-litvi-hocut-vvesti-kriminalnu-vidpovidalnist-za-shvalenna-agresii-rf.html
Yastremskaya squeezed a racket in the first circle of WTA tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707497-astremska-zacohlila-raketku-u-persomu-koli-turniru-wta-v-rimi.html
Tbilisi is protesting against the recovery of airline with Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707500-u-tbilisi-protestuut-proti-vidnovlenna-aviaspolucenna-z-rosieu.html
Turkey has delayed payment for Russian energy - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707501-tureccina-vidterminuvala-oplatu-za-rosijski-energonosii-zmi.html
"Milan" lost "Inter" The first match of 1/2 finals of the UEFA Champions League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707502-milan-prograv-interu-persij-matc-12-finalu-ligi-cempioniv-uefa.html
On the guard of the sky: how aircraft provides Ukraine's protection against air threats
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/na-storozhi-neba-yak-ppo-zabezpechuye-zahyst-ukrayiny-vid-povitryanyh-zagroz/
UWC launches an international student project to the 90s of the Holodomor
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/sku-zapuskaye-mizhnarodnyj-uchnivskyj-proyekt-do-90-h-rokovyn-golodomoru/
To whom with IDPs will automatically continue granting subsidies for a non -heating period
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/komu-z-vpo-avtomatychno-prodovzhat-nadannya-subsydij-na-neopalyuvalnyj-period/
Underwater drone in work
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/pidvodnyj-dron-u-roboti/
Misinformation on tot: what are the consequences and how to deal with them
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/dezinformacziya-na-tot-yaki-ye-naslidky-ta-yak-z-nymy-borotysya/
Solid Manipulation: As TG-Channel enemy leads an information war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/suczilna-manipulyacziya-yak-vorozhi-tg-kanaly-vedut-informaczijnu-vijnu/
Cleaning the Territory: Pyrotechnical Groups SESR help regain safety on Earth
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/ochyshhennya-terytoriyi-pirotehnichni-grupy-dsns-dopomagayut-povernuty-bezpeku-na-zemli/
The Government has allowed access to registers on certain parts of active fighting areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/uryad-dozvolyv-dostup-do-reyestriv-na-pevnyh-chastynah-terytorij-aktyvnyh-bojovyh-dij/
Not give the enemy chances
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/ne-daty-vorogu-shansiv/
Defenders destroyed the enemy remedy of the EW in Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/zahysnyky-znyshhyly-vorozhyj-zasib-reb-na-donechchyni/
Under unincessible shelling "White Angels" rescue wounded residents of Avdiivka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/pid-nestyhayuchymy-obstrilamy-bili-yangoly-ryatuyut-poranenyh-meshkancziv-avdiyivky/
The Ombudsman's office met with prisoners of war families
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/v-ofisi-ombudsmana-vidbulasya-zustrich-iz-chlenamy-simej-vijskovopolonenyh-118-okremoyi-brygady-tro-zsu/
Ursula von der Liaen: Our primary task - ammunition for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/ursula-fon-der-lyayen-nashe-pershochergove-zavdannya-boyeprypasy-dlya-ukrayiny/
Aviation of Defense Forces caused 10 blows to the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-10-udariv-po-vorogu/
Promised to "evacuate" to Berdyansk at the hotel, and taken to the Rostov region in the tent
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/obiczyaly-evakuyuvaty-do-berdyanska-u-goteli-a-vyvezly-do-rostovskoyi-oblasti-u-namety/
Last day the enemy made 97 shellings from jet fire systems
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/mynuloyi-doby-vorog-zdijsnyv-97-obstriliv-z-reaktyvnyh-system-zalpovogo-vognyu/
The forces of defense over the past day eliminated nearly 700 invaders, destroyed 8 Artisystems and 18 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/syly-oborony-za-mynulu-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-700-okupantiv-znyshhyly-8-artsystem-i-18-bbm/
Preparation of the TRU Sergeants meets NATO standards by almost 80%-master-adstal Sergey Live
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/pidgotovka-serzhantiv-tro-zsu-vidpovidaye-standartam-nato-praktychno-na-80-majster-serzhant-sergij-lyevyj/
In Lithuania, large -scale international military exercises have begun NATO countries
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/u-lytvi-rozpochalysya-masshtabni-mizhnarodni-vijskovi-navchannya-krayin-nato/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-2/
Air defense forces destroyed three enemy drones in the east direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/syly-ppo-znyshhyly-try-vorozhyh-bezpilotnyky-na-shidnomu-napryamku/
TCC and JV are a communicator between families and military units - Coordinating Headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/tczk-ta-sp-ye-komunikatorom-mizh-rodynamy-j-vijskovymy-chastynamy-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
Even more ammunition to Ukraine: the European Parliament has approved a bill on accelerating weapons supply
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/shhe-bilshe-boyeprypasiv-ukrayini-yevroparlament-uhvalyv-zakonoproyekt-shhodo-pryshvydshennya-postachannya-zbroyi/
Claborative from Kupyansk, who was convoy in the occupiers, awaits life imprisonment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/kolaboranta-z-kupyanska-yakyj-buv-konvojnym-v-okupantiv-ochikuye-dovichne-pozbavlennya-voli/
Ukraine has received the second French mobile laboratory of DNA to work in hostilities regions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/ukrayina-otrymala-drugu-franczuzku-mobilnu-laboratoriyu-dnk-dlya-roboty-u-regionah-bojovyh-dij/
Thanks to the special prosecutors in the field of defense, obstacles to the return of land in the center of Lviv have been eliminated
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/zavdyaky-speczprokuroram-u-sferi-oborony-usuneno-pereshkody-dlya-povernennya-zemelnoyi-dilyanky-v-czentri-lvova/
British Foreign Minister: The West should help Ukraine win
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/glava-mzs-brytaniyi-zahid-maye-dopomogty-ukrayini-peremogty/
The coalition for the creation of a special offset about the crime of aggression includes 37 countries already
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/do-koalicziyi-zi-stvorennya-specztrybunalu-shhodo-zlochynu-agresiyi-vhodyat-uzhe-37-krayin/
9 months before the safe regions from three regions, almost 118,000 citizens moved
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/za-9-misyacziv-do-bezpechnyh-regioniv-z-troh-oblastej-peremistylysya-majzhe-118-tysyach-gromadyan/
The Ministry of Defense announced changes in the work of the Military Medical Commission
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/u-minoborony-anonsuvaly-zminy-u-roboti-vijskovo-likarskoyi-komisiyi/
Three racists were identified who created torture during the temporary occupation of Mykolaiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/identyfikovano-troh-rashystiv-yaki-stvoryly-kativnyu-pid-chas-tymchasovoyi-okupacziyi-mykolayivshhyny/
During the day, Russia fired 126 settlements of Ukraine, are dead and wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/za-dobu-rosiya-obstrilyala-126-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-ye-zagybli-ta-poraneni/
More than 700 explosive items and two airbags were neutralized per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-700-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-ta-dvi-aviabomby/
The sustainability and courage of every Ukrainian soldier change the history of the world - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/stijkist-i-smilyvist-kozhnogo-ukrayinskogo-soldata-zminyuyut-istoriyu-svitu-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Switzerland conducted large -scale military exercises - record in 30 years
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/shvejczariya-provela-masshtabni-vijskovi-navchannya-rekordni-za-30-rokiv/
EFFECT: Ukrainians in action will be able to get funds for the repair of housing damaged through the war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/yevidnovlennya-u-diyi-mozhut-otrymaty-koshty-na-remont-zhytla-poshkodzhenogo-cherez-vijnu/
Three rocket launchers with 24 "calibers" keeps Russia in the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/try-raketonosiyi-z-24-kalibramy-utrymuye-rosiya-u-chornomu-mori/
Ministry of Veterans coordinates institutional reform in all areas concerning veterans and servicemen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/minveteraniv-koordynuye-instytuczijnu-reformu/
The EU should determine the course of Ukraine's restoration - Olaf Scholtz
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/yevrosoyuz-maye-vyznachyty-kurs-na-vidnovlennya-ukrayiny-olaf-sholcz/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 85 thousand war crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-85-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
Canada, along with the EU, will continue to provide military support to Ukraine, in particular as part of the UNIFIER Operation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/kanada-razom-iz-yes-prodovzhat-nadavaty-vijskovu-pidtrymku-ukrayini-zokrema-v-ramkah-operacziyi-unifier/
Already more than two thousand drones have been delivered by an army of drones to the Ukrainian military to the front
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/vzhe-bilshe-dvoh-tysyach-bezpilotnykiv-dostavyla-armiya-droniv-ukrayinskym-vijskovym-na-front/
NATO Secretary General: All allies agree that Ukraine will become a member of the Alliance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/gensek-nato-usi-soyuznyky-zgodni-z-tym-shho-ukrayina-stane-chlenom-alyansu/
Anna Malyar: Information about the liquidation of our commander is false. All alive
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/ganna-malyar-informacziya-pro-likvidacziyu-nashyh-komanduvachiv-nepravdyva-vsi-zhyvi/
The enemy fired at the border of Sumy and Chernihiv region from SAU and mortars
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/vorog-obstrilyav-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-i-chernigivshhyny-z-sau-i-minometiv/
The Country of the event has come time to provide Ukraine with F-16 fighters-Lithuanian Foreign Minister
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/krayinam-zahodu-nastav-chas-nadaty-ukrayini-vynyshhuvachi-f-16-glava-mzs-lytvy/
The units of the Northern Operating Area transferred another batch of mobile fire groups
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/pidrozdilam-pivnichnoyi-operaczijnoyi-zony-peredaly-chergovu-partiyu-mobilnyh-vognevyh-grup/
Dmytro Kuleba discussed with the Foreign Minister of the Netherlands Ukraine's transfer to Ukraine F-16 and NATO Summit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/dmytro-kuleba-obgovoryv-z-glavoyu-mzs-niderlandiv-peredachu-ukrayini-f-16-ta-samit-nato/
In the Bakhmut direction, the occupiers lose about 100 killed - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-okupanty-shhodoby-vtrachayut-blyzko-100-vbytymy-sergij-cherevatyj/
In Moscow there was a "Putin's fright and fear" - Alexei Danilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/u-moskvi-vidbuvsya-parad-perelyaku-i-strahu-putina-oleksij-danilov/
The coordination headquarters provides relatives only confirmed information about missing persons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-ne-nadaye-ridnym-nepidtverdzhenu-informacziyu-pro-znyklyh-bezvisty-osib/
The Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine has made a decision on procurement for defense needs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/kabinet-ministriv-ukrayiny-uhvalyv-rishennya-shhodo-zakupivel-dlya-potreb-oborony/
Air Force Commander Signed the Rashist missiles as a gift
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/komanduvach-povitryanyh-syl-pidpysav-rakety-v-podarunok-rashystam/
There is no rapid increase in the production of new precision rocket weapons at the enemy - Andriy Yusov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/naroshhennya-vyrobnycztva-novogo-vysokotochnogo-raketnogo-ozbroyennya/
Command of the Joint Forces continues to take care of Vadim Bessarab's health
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/komanduvannya-obyednanyh-syl-prodovzhuye-opikuvatysya-zdorovyam-vadyma-besaraba/
Our artillerymen impressed the Russian SPR, the ROB station and PMM composition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/nashi-artylerysty-vrazyly-rosijskyj-zrk-stancziyu-reb-i-sklad-pmm/
The occupiers' medical facilities do not cope with the flow of wounded Russian servicemen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/medychni-zaklady-okupantiv-ne-spravlyayutsya/
The enemy continues to strike the T-300 rockets on civilian objects of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/vorog-prodovzhuye-nazemni-udary-raketamy/
During the day in 4 sections of the front, the enemy made more than 30 attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/vorog-zdijsnyv-ponad-30-atak/
"Evacuated" residents from temporarily occupied territories Russians place in rooms without windows
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/evakujovanyh-zhyteliv-z-tymchasovo-okupovanyh-terytorij-rosiyany-rozmishhuyut-u-prymishhennyah-bez-vikon/
The Czech Republic will hand over two CUB and rockets to Ukraine - Petr Pavel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/chehiya-peredast-ukrayini-dva-zrk-kub-i-rakety-do-nyh-prezydent-krayiny/
Explosions on Russian military sites - the consequences of armed aggression against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/vybuhy-na-rosijskyh-vijskovyh-obyektah/
"Support for Physical and Mental Health ’ I Defenders are our priority task" - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/pidtrymka-fizychnogo-ta-psyhichnogo-zdorovya-zahysnykiv-cze-nasha-pryoritetna-zadacha-ganna-malyar/
The enemy spreads fake photos with "product sets for veterans of Chernihiv"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/fejkovi-foto-z-produktovymy-naboramy-dlya-veteraniv/
How to send a book to the front: a new project was presented in Kiev to support the military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/yak-vidpravyty-knygu-na-front-u-kyyevi-prezentuvaly-novyj-proyekt-dlya-pidtrymky-vijskovyh/
Seven priority projects of the All -Ukrainian Mental Health Program were considered at a meeting of the Interagency Coordination Council
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/sim-priorytetnyh-proyektiv-vseukrayinskoyi-programy-mentalnogo-zdorovya-rozglyanuly-na-zasidanni-mizhvidomchoyi-koordynaczijnoyi-rady/
It is in Ukraine that the world will see what Europe is capable of Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/same-v-ukrayini-svit-bachytyme-na-shho-zdatna-yevropa-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Colonel-General Sirsky told about effective counter-attacks in Bakhmut direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/syrskyj-rozpoviv-pro-efektyvni-kontrataky-na-bahmutskomu/
Ukraine and the world are against Russian aggression. Sanctions in action
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-sankcziyi-v-diyi/
Short. War. Day 441. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/korotko-vijna-den-441-videodajdzhest/
The President created the city military administration in a temporarily occupied Skadovsk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707504-prezident-stvoriv-misku-vijskovu-administraciu-u-timcasovo-okupovanomu-skadovsku.html
The US Attorney General has sanctioned the transfer of confiscated assets of the Russian Federation for the rebuilding of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3707503-genprokuror-ssa-sankcionuvav-peredacu-konfiskovanih-aktiviv-rf-na-vidbudovu-ukraini.html
The US Attorney General has sanctioned the transfer of confiscated assets of the Russian Federation for the rebuilding of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3707503-genprokuror-ssa-sankcionuvav-peredacu-konfiskovanih-aktiviv-rf-na-vidbudovu-ukraini.html
The President created the city military administration in a temporarily occupied Skadovsk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707504-prezident-stvoriv-misku-vijskovu-administraciu-u-timcasovo-okupovanomu-skadovsku.html
Wagnerivtsi still hold most of Bakhmut - Politico
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707505-vagnerivci-vse-se-utrimuut-bilsu-castinu-bahmuta-politico.html
The occupiers stopped paying their payments to employees of their administrations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/okupanty-prypynyly-vyplachuvaty-zarplatu-praczivnykam-svoyih-administraczij/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====