乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-04-21

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

JSC Avdiivka Directioz Rusian Army Shelled Novokalinova, Avdiivka, Tonenko, Severene, Net ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4544
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Marinka And And Novommykh ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4545
JSC Shaktarske Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Novoukrainka, the fertilizer of the Andes Great Novosilka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4546
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Olhivske, Malynivka, Orikhiv, Nov...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4547
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Fedorivka, Vasukivka, Minkivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4543
Poltavska Oblast(13:02). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/20-april-poltavska-oblast1302-red-alert-aeriag
Zaporizka Oblast(13:53). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/20-april-zaporizka-oblast1353-red-alert-aeriag
Kyiv, Zhytomyr, Zhytomyr region, Volyn region, Zaporizhzhya region, Poltava region (23:09 ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43396
Chernihivska Oblast(23:09). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/17789
Cherkasy region, Ternopil, Ternopil region, Donetsk region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43413
Odeska Oblast(23:11). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilneodesa/22621
Rivne, Rivnenska Oblast(23:11). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43414
Zhytomyr, Kyiv(00:11). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/chanel24/85276
Vinnytska Oblast(00:52). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43442
Kyiv(00:56). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/chanel24/85277
Sumska Oblast(01:26). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43443
Ternopil, Ternopil region, Lviv, Lviv region (01:28). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens s ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43445
Khmelnytska Oblast(01:33). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43446
Poltavska Oblast(02:32). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/10852
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(03:16). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43456
Kirovohradska Oblast(03:43). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43457
Sanctions against the Russian Federation as of April 20
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/20/sankcziyi-proty-rosijskoyi-federacziyi-stanom-na-20-kvitnya/
In Irpen, they opened the Etlasiers of the "light -steamed darkness".
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699119-v-irpeni-vidkrili-prisvacenij-energetikam-artobekt-svitloperemagaetemravu.html
In Russia, recognized as "inagent" head Bellingcat Christ Grozev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699115-u-rosii-viznali-inoagentom-golovu-bellingcat-hristo-grozeva.html
Prometheus led in a series from Epicenter-Podolyany in the final of the Volleyball Super League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699116-prometej-poviv-u-serii-z-epicentrpodolani-u-finali-volejbolnoi-superligi.html
At Caurus Directory Russia Army Shellled Krasche Perche, NovoMilnsk, Yardnica, West Ande ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4550
The White House commented on the possibility of almost a complete ban on export to Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699114-bilij-dim-prokomentuvav-mozlivist-majze-povnoi-zaboroni-eksportu-v-rosiu.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Stelmakhivka, Nevske, Dibrova and Bilohorivka of Luha...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4551
SBU exposed more than 300 traitors since the start of a full -scale war - a toddler
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699027-sbu-vikrila-z-pocatku-povnomasstabnoi-vijni-ponad-300-zradnikiv-maluk.html
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Minkivka, Zaliznyanske, Orikhovo-Basil ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4552
JSC Avdiivka Directioz Rusian Army Shelled Ceramics, Steppe, Kamyanka, Tonne, Severne, K ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4553
EU countries are "very close" to the joint order of ammunition for Ukraine - EU representative
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699112-kraini-es-e-duze-blizkimi-do-spilnogo-zamovlenna-boepripasiv-dla-ukraini-predstavnik-evrosouzu.html
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, Maximilyanivka, St. George, Marie ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4554
Pistorius considers German fighters unsuitable for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699110-pistorius-vvazae-nimecki-vinisuvaci-nepridatnimi-dla-ukraini.html
JSC Shaktarske Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novoukrainka, Greater Novosilka, Golden Niva, PR ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4555
It is impossible to put Russia and Ukraine at the same level in the issue of negotiations - the State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699109-ne-mozna-staviti-rosiu-j-ukrainu-na-odin-riven-v-pitanni-peregovoriv-derzdep.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Olhivske, Malynivka, Orikhiv, Nov...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4556
The Russians fired four communities of Sumy region during the day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699094-rosiani-protagom-dna-obstrilali-cotiri-gromadi-sumsini.html
UEFA Youth League: Alkmaar and Hayuk will meet in the final
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699108-unacka-liga-uefa-alkmaar-ta-hajduk-zustrinutsa-u-finali.html
The President signed a law prohibiting the imperial propaganda of the Russian Federation and Russian geographical names
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699107-prezident-pidpisav-zakon-pro-zaboronu-imperskoi-propagandi-rf-i-dekolonizaciu-toponimii-v-ukraini.html
To achieve peace in Ukraine, the European Union only supports Zelensky's proposals - EU representative
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699106-dla-dosagnenna-miru-v-ukraini-evrosouz-pidtrimue-lise-propozicii-zelenskogo-predstavnik-es.html
Latvia will hand over to Ukraine all its Styinger - Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699104-latvia-peredast-ukraini-vsi-svoi-stinger-minoboroni.html
Stoltenberg stressed the need to stop Putin's aggression pattern
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699103-stoltenberg-nagolosiv-na-neobhidnosti-pripiniti-patern-agresii-putina.html
The discipline and morality of Russian troops in Ukraine are very low - Millie
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699102-disciplina-ta-moral-rosijskih-vijsk-v-ukraini-duze-nizki-milli.html
NATO Secretary General about Ramstein: Ukraine is now ready to release even more occupied territories
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699101-gensek-nato-pro-ramstajn-ukraina-teper-gotova-zvilniti-se-bilse-okupovanih-teritorij.html
The State Department refused to comment on why not all delegation of the Russian Federation issued a visa to visit the UN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699100-derzdep-vidmovivsa-komentuvati-comu-ne-vsij-delegacii-rf-vidali-vizi-dla-vidvidanna-oon.html
The first lady of Poland visited educational institutions in Lviv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699098-persa-ledi-polsi-vidvidala-osvitni-zakladi-na-lvivsini.html
Duracell brand goes from
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699097-brend-duracell-ide-z-rosii.html
Four suspected hooliganism in the Lavra territory was planted under house arrest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3699096-cotiroh-pidozruvanih-u-huliganstvi-na-teritorii-lavri-posadili-pid-domasnij-arest.html
Ukrainian Bochina Hrushina-Acobia and Kolyadenko won the gold championship of Europe-2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699093-ukrainski-borcini-grusinaakobia-ta-koladenko-zdobuli-zoloto-cempionatu-evropi2023.html
In Donetsk, border guards repelled three attacks of Russians, one of them in Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699089-na-doneccini-prikordonniki-vidbili-tri-ataki-rosian-odnu-z-nih-u-bahmuti.html
Orban emotionally reacted to Stoltenberg's statement about the future of Ukraine's membership in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699086-orban-emocijno-vidreaguvav-na-zaavu-stoltenberga-pro-majbutne-clenstvo-ukraini-v-nato.html
Reznikov held negotiations with the Defense Minister of New Zealand
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699083-reznikov-proviv-peregovori-z-ministrom-oboroni-novoi-zelandii.html
Damage in Kizomys village after shelling yesterday
https://twitter.com/huruank/status/1649294337279242241
Russian army shelled Novoukrainka with MLRS GRAD, Bohoyavlenka with artillery and Prechystivk...
https://twitter.com/Pavlo_Kyrylenko/status/1649308077932380162
All NATO member states agree that Ukraine should become a member of the Alliance, according t...
https://twitter.com/michaelh992/status/1649319193773309952
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Yanzhulivka, Halahanivka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4549
Minister of Defense of Ukraine: Ramstein 11 has started. Over 50 countries are participating....
https://twitter.com/oleksiireznikov/status/1649349258426867712
Donetsk Oblast(12:39). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43463
Distribution of weapons and the production of Ukrainian missiles: Zelensky held a meeting of ...
https://twitter.com/UKRINFORM/status/1649374726333054976
Donetsk Oblast(14:11). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43465
Poltavska Oblast(14:12). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/10859
Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region (14:13). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43468
Zaporizka Oblast(14:52). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43474
Donetsk Oblast(14:52). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43473
During the meeting in the Ramstein format, a meeting of the tank coalition took place: Ukrain...
https://t.me/suspilnenews/20084
Donetsk Oblast(16:13). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43477
@SecDef confirms the American-made M1 Abrams tanks the Ukrainians will use for training will ...
https://twitter.com/laraseligman/status/1649421700973338624
Kyiv(17:25). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/KyivCityOfficial/6536
Donetsk region, Vinnytsia region, Ivano-Frankivsk, Ivano-Frankivsk region, Volyn region, ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43497
Odeska Oblast(17:27). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilneodesa/22635
Chernivtsi region, Mykolaiv, Mykolaiv region, Sumy region, Ternopil, Ternopil region ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43503
Donetsk Oblast(18:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43530
The Ukrainian passport service was working in Cologne
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3698831-u-kelni-zapracuvav-ukrainskij-pasportnij-servis.html
Zaporizka Oblast(19:22). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43532
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(19:42). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43533
Air defense is active amid air raid with Shahed drones in Zaporizhzhia region
https://t.me/ermaka2022/2495
The Ambassador of Ukraine to Turkey said what depends on the expansion of the "grain agreement" on the ports of Nikolaev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3698923-posol-ukraini-u-tureccini-skazav-vid-cogo-zalezit-rozsirenna-zernovoi-ugodi-na-porti-mikolaeva.html
The National Bank enhances the supervision of the financial market
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3698925-nacbank-posilue-naglad-za-finansovim-rinkom.html
Many shelters in the capital are not adapted for the low -mobility population - KSCA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3698930-cimalo-ukrittiv-u-stolici-ne-pristosovani-dla-malomobilnogo-naselenna-kmda.html
In Sudan since the beginning of armed confrontation has already been over 400 dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3698940-u-sudani-z-pocatku-zbrojnogo-protistoanna-vze-ponad-400-zagiblih.html
Klitschko met with the EBRD President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3698931-klicko-zustrivsa-z-prezidentkou-ebrr.html
The largest automatic air quality monitoring system works in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3698933-najbilsa-v-ukraini-avtomaticna-sistema-monitoringu-akosti-povitra-pracue-u-kievi.html
India has stopped receiving shipments of Russian weapons because of fears of US sanctions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3698937-india-pripinila-otrimuvati-postavki-rosijskoi-zbroi-cerez-pobouvanna-sankcij-ssa.html
Register of losses from Russian aggression will be launched in May - the Secretary General of the Council of Europe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3698939-reestr-zbitkiv-vid-rosijskoi-agresii-zapustat-u-travni-gensek-radi-evropi.html
In Lviv, a fountain dedicated to volunteers and "da Vinci" was opened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3698938-u-lvovi-vidkrili-fontan-prisvacenij-dobrovolcam-i-da-vinci.html
Banks were issued by state guarantees of loans for more than ₴ 70 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3698943-banki-vidali-za-derzgarantiami-kreditiv-na-ponad-70-milardiv.html
Armed Forces projectiles: Cooleba calls Borrel to initiate a second tranche discussion on € 1 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3698947-boepripasi-dla-zsu-kuleba-zaklikae-borrela-iniciuvati-obgovorenna-drugogo-transu-na-1-milard.html
In Crimea, partial Blackout: Simferopol, Dzhankoy and other cities - without light
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3698948-u-krimu-castkovij-blekaut-simferopol-dzankoj-ta-insi-mista-bez-svitla.html
On the basis of Ramstein was a meeting of the Tank Coalition - Rennikov told about the results
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3698958-na-bazi-ramstajn-projsla-zustric-tankovoi-koalicii-reznikov-rozpoviv-pro-rezultati.html
The Ukrainian Free Wrestling Team has spent the most successful CHE in the last 10 years
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3698950-zbirna-ukraini-z-vilnoi-borotbi-provela-najuspisnisij-ce-za-ostanni-10-rokiv.html
Capital police should stop minibuses during air alarm - KSCA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3698951-stolicna-policia-mae-zupinati-marsrutki-pid-cas-povitranoi-trivogi-kmda.html
Ukrnafta develops partnership with Polish orlen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3698953-ukrnafta-rozvivae-partnerstvo-z-polskim-orlen.html
In Mukachevo, a children's theater festival "Impeat over Latorica" began
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3698955-u-mukacevi-rozpocavsa-ditacij-teatralnij-festival-impreza-nad-latoriceu.html
UkrPoshta launched brands with Easter eggs of different regions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3698956-ukrposta-zapustila-v-obig-marki-z-pisankami-riznih-regioniv.html
Albania canceled visa waiver for Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3698960-albania-skasuvala-bezviz-dla-rosian.html
Ukraine has improved the result in the world rating of steel producers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3698959-ukraina-polipsila-rezultat-u-svitovomu-rejtingu-virobnikiv-stali.html
Naftogaz plans to attract US companies to increase production in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3698961-naftogaz-planue-zalucati-amerikanski-kompanii-dla-zbilsenna-vidobutku-v-ukraini.html
On the Airflot Avenue will partially restrict traffic by almost the end of May
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3698963-na-povitroflotskomu-prospekti-castkovo-obmezat-ruh-majze-do-kinca-travna.html
Kanatovo airfield firing of the Russian airfield: SBU reported suspicion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3698964-obstril-rosianami-aerodromu-kanatove-sbu-povidomila-pro-pidozru-eksbijcu-sso.html
Ukraine managed to establish the transfer of the bodies of invaders to Russia - helped the Red Cross
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3698967-ukraini-vdalosa-nalagoditi-peredacu-til-zagarbnikiv-u-rosiu-dopomig-cervonij-hrest.html
Council is recommended to adopt a bill on termination of navigation for the duration of martial law
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3698968-radi-rekomenduut-uhvaliti-zakonoproekt-pro-pripinenna-sudnoplavstva-na-cas-voennogo-stanu.html
Zelensky met with EBRD President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3698969-zelenskij-zustrivsa-z-prezidentkou-ebrr.html
UPL: Zorya has minimally overcome "Kolos"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3698970-upl-zora-minimalno-zdolala-kolos.html
At Leipzig Book Fair, Ukraine will present a stand with seven publishers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3698972-na-lejpcizkomu-knizkovomu-armarku-ukraina-prezentuvatime-stend-iz-simoma-vidavnictvami.html
In Uzhgorod, the International Theater Festival "Freedom" started
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3698973-v-uzgorodi-startuvav-miznarodnij-teatralnij-festival-svoboda.html
Air defense, artillery and fighters' training: Rennikov named the priorities of Ukraine in Ramstini
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3698975-ppo-artileria-ta-viskil-bijciv-reznikov-nazvav-prioriteti-ukraini-na-ramstajni.html
King Charles with his wife will officially open the Eurovision Scene
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3698976-korol-carlz-iz-druzinou-oficijno-vidkriut-scenu-evrobacenna.html
Damage to the Ukrainian Industry and Logistics reached $ 50 billion - UkraineInvest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3698977-zavdani-rosieu-zbitki-ukrainskij-promislovosti-ta-logistici-sagnuli-50-milardiv-ukraineinvest.html
Spain provides great support to Ukraine - Foreign Minister Albers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3698979-ispania-nadae-veliku-pidtrimku-ukraini-glava-mzs-albares.html
Krasuk: Berinchik is planned to fight on May 27 in the United Kingdom
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3698978-krasuk-u-berincika-zaplanovano-bij-na-27-travna-u-velikij-britanii.html
The subway will open an interactive exhibition about the methods and manipulation of Russian propaganda
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3698981-u-kiivskomu-metro-vidkriut-interaktivnu-vistavku-pro-metodi-i-manipulacii-rosijskoi-propagandi.html
Stefanchuk - About Electronic Voting in BP: Not on time, but may be released
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3698864-stefancuk-pro-elektronne-golosuvanna-u-vr-poki-ne-na-casi-ale-do-pitanna-mozut-povernutisa.html
As a result of a fire on a Russian ship near South Korea, four Russians were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3698983-vnaslidok-pozezi-na-sudni-rf-poblizu-pivdennoi-korei-zaginuli-cetvero-rosian.html
Nafo Fellas raised $ 172.77 thousand on drones for Ukrainian scouts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3698984-nafo-fellas-zibrala-17277-tisac-na-droni-dla-ukrainskih-rozvidnikiv.html
One priest of the UOC -MP was exchanged for 28 Ukrainian military - baby
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3698986-odnogo-svasennika-upc-mp-obminali-na-28-ukrainskih-vijskovih-maluk.html
Ukraine seeks to expand the geography of the Black Sea Security Conference - Dzhaparov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3698989-ukraina-pragne-rozsiriti-geografiu-cornomorskoi-bezpekovoi-konferencii-dzaparova.html
Reznikov met with Stoltenberg: Ukraine has reached unprecedented compatibility with NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3698991-reznikov-zustrivsa-zi-stoltenbergom-ukraina-dosagla-bezprecedentnogo-rivna-sumisnosti-z-nato.html
The world should not turn away from the cruelty of Russian troops in Ukraine - US Ambassador
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3698992-svit-ne-povinen-vidvertatisa-vid-zorstokosti-rosijskih-vijsk-v-ukraini-posol-ssa.html
More than 16,000 Ukrainian military has been trained in EU - Borrel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3698995-ponad-16-tisac-ukrainskih-vijskovih-projsli-navcanna-v-krainah-es-borrel.html
In Irpen, they start the world's "1 million trees of life"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3698996-v-irpeni-zapocatkuut-svitovu-akciu-1-miljon-derev-zitta.html
YouTube deleted Wagner's videos with more than a million views
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3699003-youtube-vidaliv-videoroliki-vagnerivciv-z-ponad-miljonom-peregladiv.html
About a third of Crimean political prisoners are now on the peninsula, other occupiers were deported to Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3699001-mense-tretini-krimskih-politvazniv-znahoditsa-na-pivostrovi-insih-deportuvali-predstavnictvo-prezidenta-v-ark.html
Ramstein countries have provided more than 230 tanks to Ukraine - Austin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699004-kraini-formatu-ramstajn-postavili-v-ukrainu-ponad-230-tankiv-ostin.html
On the weekend rains, in the daytime warms up to +19 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3698788-na-vihidni-v-ukraini-prognozuut-dosi-vden-progrie-do-19.html
Wallace on Ramstini urged to accelerate the delivery of military assistance to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699006-volles-na-ramstajni-zaklikav-priskoriti-dostavku-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
At the time of liberation of Crimea, Ukraine needs to have a strategy for maintaining safety in the Black Sea - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3699007-na-moment-zvilnenna-krimu-ukraini-potribno-mati-strategiu-pidtrimki-bezpeki-v-cornomu-mori-ekspert.html
The Russians create several defense borders in Crimea and take property to the Russian Federation - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3699008-rosiani-stvoruut-u-krimu-kilka-rubeziv-oboroni-ta-vivozat-majno-do-rf-gumenuk.html
The court in Moscow has decided to arrest the head of Ukrainian intelligence in absentia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699011-sud-v-moskvi-postanoviv-zaocno-zaarestuvati-golovu-ukrainskoi-rozvidki-budanova.html
Irina Deha became an absolute European weightlifting champion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699012-irina-deha-stala-absolutnou-cempionkou-evropi-z-vazkoi-atletiki.html
Україна досягла прогресу в нарощуванні своїх сил перед контрнаступом – Остін 
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699014-ukraina-dosagla-progresu-v-narosuvanni-svoih-sil-pered-kontrnastupom-ostin.html
The Government forbidden to recover from displaced arrears for utilities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3699018-urad-zaboroniv-staguvati-z-pereselenciv-zaborgovanist-za-komunalni-poslugi.html
Poland has crossed the horses from the list forbidden for import of products from Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699016-polsa-vikreslila-konej-zi-spisku-zaboronenoi-dla-vvezenna-produkcii-z-ukraini.html
From May 10 starts the testing of the Equation Program - Schmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3699017-z-10-travna-startue-testuvanna-programi-evidnovlenna-smigal.html
All over Ukraine has been announced by large -scale air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699026-po-vsij-ukraini-ogolosena-masstabna-povitrana-trivoga.html
Ukraine is most needed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699020-ukraina-najbilse-potrebue-nazemnih-sistem-ppo-glava-pentagonu.html
Defense forces reflected about 30 Russians attacks in four directions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699030-sili-oboroni-vidbili-blizko-30-atak-rosian-na-cotiroh-napramkah.html
Ukraine plans to become a "gas safe" of Europe - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699029-ukraina-planue-stati-gazovim-sejfom-evropi-smigal.html
Austin about the leakage of Pentagon documents: nothing will violate our unity and determination
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699031-ostin-pro-vitik-dokumentiv-pentagonu-niso-ne-porusit-nasu-ednist-ta-risucist.html
In Moscow, the Bellingcat Grozev investigator was arrested in absentia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699021-u-moskvi-zaocno-zaarestuvali-rozsliduvaca-bellingcat-grozeva.html
Another 65 Ukrainians have completed training on Patriot - Millie systems
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699033-se-65-ukrainciv-zaversili-navcanna-na-sistemah-patriot-milli.html
The government has simplified the procedure for traveling wounded fighters for treatment abroad
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3699035-urad-sprostiv-proceduru-viizdu-poranenih-bijciv-na-likuvanna-za-kordon.html
Zelensky: We need to maintain unity and full concentration on defense now
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699041-zelenskij-zaraz-nam-treba-zberigati-ednist-i-povnu-koncentraciu-na-oboroni.html
США підготували для контрнаступу дев'ять українських механізованих бригад
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699038-ssa-pidgotuvali-dla-kontrnastupu-devat-ukrainskih-mehanizovanih-brigad.html
Putin's war was the cause of NATO enlargement, not the opposite - Austin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699045-vijna-putina-stala-pricinou-rozsirenna-nato-a-ne-navpaki-ostin.html
Weapons and Economics Support: Zelensky held a meeting on planned international events
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699043-zbroa-ta-pidtrimka-ekonomiki-zelenskij-proviv-naradu-pro-zaplanovani-miznarodni-zahodi.html
The first ABRAMS tanks for the Ukrainian military will come in a few weeks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699042-persi-navcalni-tanki-abrams-dla-ukrainskih-vijskovih-nadijdut-za-kilka-tizniv.html
Ukraine will increase its own oil production - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699044-ukraina-narosuvatime-vlasnij-naftovidobutok-smigal.html
More than ₴ 2.9 million assets of the Moscow Exchange will be transferred in Ukraine to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699049-v-ukraini-peredadut-ponad-29-miljona-aktiviv-moskovskoi-birzi-v-dohid-derzavi.html
Stefanchuk will take part in the summit of the heads of parliaments of Member States and candidates for EU membership
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3698946-stefancuk-vizme-ucast-u-samiti-goliv-parlamentiv-kraincleniv-ta-kandidativ-na-clenstvo-v-es.html
Cabinet directed the balance of EIB to restore the objects of construction and infrastructure
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3699050-kabmin-spramuvav-zaliski-kostiv-eib-na-vidnovlenna-obektiv-budivnictva-ta-infrastrukturi.html
The expirer of the Minister of Defense is suspected of meals with food for the military - NABU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3699052-ekszastupnika-ministra-oboroni-pidozruut-u-mahinaciah-z-harcuvannam-dla-zsu.html
Ukrainian Zavatska reached the semi -finals of ITF tournament in Italy, beating Russian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699051-ukrainka-zavacka-vijsla-do-pivfinalu-turniru-itf-v-italii-obigravsi-rosianku.html
Zelensky called tasks that are primarily directed by public resources
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699056-zelenskij-nazvav-zavdanna-na-aki-peredusim-spramovuut-derzavni-resursi.html
Blaschak said where in Poland there will be a hub to repair Ukrainian Leopard 2
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699053-blasak-skazav-de-v-polsi-bude-hab-dla-remontu-ukrainskih-leopard-2.html
Ukraine has terminated another agreement with CIS countries on social payments
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3699054-ukraina-rozirvala-se-odnu-ugodu-z-krainami-snd-pro-socviplati.html
Finland will send a new military assistance party to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699037-finlandia-vidpravit-ukraini-novu-partiu-vijskovoi-dopomogi.html
Zelensky is waiting for Reznikov's report as a result of Ramstin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699057-zelenskij-ocikue-na-dopovid-reznikova-za-rezultatami-ramstajnu.html
SBU detained a lawyer who collected for the Russians about HIMARS
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3698941-sbu-zatrimala-advokata-akij-zbirav-dla-rosian-dani-pro-himars.html
In Ukraine, hop activities are settled
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699061-v-ukraini-vreguluut-dialnist-u-galuzi-hmelarstva.html
Zelensky thanked the brigades who are fighting in Bakhmut and Liman directions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699065-zelenskij-podakuvav-brigadam-aki-vouut-na-bahmutskomu-i-limanskomu-napramkah.html
Austin hopes that Ukraine's support in the US will remain high
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699068-ostin-spodivaetsa-so-pidtrimka-ukraini-u-ssa-zalisitsa-na-visokomu-rivni.html
Five countries ask the European Commission to expand the list of prohibited Ukrainian products
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699069-pat-krain-prosat-evrokomisiu-rozsiriti-spisok-zaboronenih-ukrainskih-produktiv.html
The Czech Republic should insist at the beginning of Ukraine's accession to the EU - Pavel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699077-cehia-mae-napolagati-na-pocatku-peregovoriv-sodo-vstupu-ukraini-v-es-pavel.html
Language, History and Constitution: Zelensky signed a law on citizenship exams
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699076-mova-istoria-i-konstitucia-zelenskij-pidpisav-zakon-pro-ispiti-na-gromadanstvo.html
Ukrainians have lost their chances for a pedestal at euro-2023 from Greco-Roman struggle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699075-ukrainci-vtratili-sansi-na-pedestal-na-starti-evro2023-z-grekorimskoi-borotbi.html
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs stated: Ukraine will not enter NATO parts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699079-u-mzs-zaavili-ukraina-ne-vstupatime-v-nato-castinami.html
Reznikov held negotiations with the Defense Minister of New Zealand
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699083-reznikov-proviv-peregovori-z-ministrom-oboroni-novoi-zelandii.html
Orban emotionally reacted to Stoltenberg's statement about the future of Ukraine's membership in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699086-orban-emocijno-vidreaguvav-na-zaavu-stoltenberga-pro-majbutne-clenstvo-ukraini-v-nato.html
In Donetsk, border guards repelled three attacks of Russians, one of them in Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699089-na-doneccini-prikordonniki-vidbili-tri-ataki-rosian-odnu-z-nih-u-bahmuti.html
Ukrainian Bochina Hrushina-Acobia and Kolyadenko won the gold championship of Europe-2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699093-ukrainski-borcini-grusinaakobia-ta-koladenko-zdobuli-zoloto-cempionatu-evropi2023.html
Four suspected hooliganism in the Lavra territory was planted under house arrest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3699096-cotiroh-pidozruvanih-u-huliganstvi-na-teritorii-lavri-posadili-pid-domasnij-arest.html
Duracell brand goes from
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699097-brend-duracell-ide-z-rosii.html
The first lady of Poland visited educational institutions in Lviv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699098-persa-ledi-polsi-vidvidala-osvitni-zakladi-na-lvivsini.html
The State Department refused to comment on why not all delegation of the Russian Federation issued a visa to visit the UN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699100-derzdep-vidmovivsa-komentuvati-comu-ne-vsij-delegacii-rf-vidali-vizi-dla-vidvidanna-oon.html
NATO Secretary General about Ramstein: Ukraine is now ready to release even more occupied territories
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699101-gensek-nato-pro-ramstajn-ukraina-teper-gotova-zvilniti-se-bilse-okupovanih-teritorij.html
The discipline and morality of Russian troops in Ukraine are very low - Millie
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699102-disciplina-ta-moral-rosijskih-vijsk-v-ukraini-duze-nizki-milli.html
Stoltenberg stressed the need to stop Putin's aggression pattern
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699103-stoltenberg-nagolosiv-na-neobhidnosti-pripiniti-patern-agresii-putina.html
Latvia will hand over to Ukraine all its Styinger - Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699104-latvia-peredast-ukraini-vsi-svoi-stinger-minoboroni.html
To achieve peace in Ukraine, the European Union only supports Zelensky's proposals - EU representative
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699106-dla-dosagnenna-miru-v-ukraini-evrosouz-pidtrimue-lise-propozicii-zelenskogo-predstavnik-es.html
The President signed a law prohibiting the imperial propaganda of the Russian Federation and Russian geographical names
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699107-prezident-pidpisav-zakon-pro-zaboronu-imperskoi-propagandi-rf-i-dekolonizaciu-toponimii-v-ukraini.html
UEFA Youth League: Alkmaar and Hayuk will meet in the final
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699108-unacka-liga-uefa-alkmaar-ta-hajduk-zustrinutsa-u-finali.html
The Russians fired four communities of Sumy region during the day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699094-rosiani-protagom-dna-obstrilali-cotiri-gromadi-sumsini.html
It is impossible to put Russia and Ukraine at the same level in the issue of negotiations - the State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699109-ne-mozna-staviti-rosiu-j-ukrainu-na-odin-riven-v-pitanni-peregovoriv-derzdep.html
Pistorius considers German fighters unsuitable for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699110-pistorius-vvazae-nimecki-vinisuvaci-nepridatnimi-dla-ukraini.html
EU countries are "very close" to the joint order of ammunition for Ukraine - EU representative
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699112-kraini-es-e-duze-blizkimi-do-spilnogo-zamovlenna-boepripasiv-dla-ukraini-predstavnik-evrosouzu.html
SBU exposed more than 300 traitors since the start of a full -scale war - a toddler
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699027-sbu-vikrila-z-pocatku-povnomasstabnoi-vijni-ponad-300-zradnikiv-maluk.html
The White House commented on the possibility of almost a complete ban on export to Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699114-bilij-dim-prokomentuvav-mozlivist-majze-povnoi-zaboroni-eksportu-v-rosiu.html
Prometheus led in a series from Epicenter-Podolyany in the final of the Volleyball Super League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699116-prometej-poviv-u-serii-z-epicentrpodolani-u-finali-volejbolnoi-superligi.html
In Russia, recognized as "inagent" head Bellingcat Christ Grozev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699115-u-rosii-viznali-inoagentom-golovu-bellingcat-hristo-grozeva.html
In Irpen, they opened the Etlasiers of the "light -steamed darkness".
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699119-v-irpeni-vidkrili-prisvacenij-energetikam-artobekt-svitloperemagaetemravu.html
The mangush taxpayers who collect "tribute" for the occupiers - DBR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/vykryto-podatkivcziv-z-mangusha-yaki-zbyrayut-danynu-dlya-okupantiv-dbr/
American senators and congressmen have submitted a resolution that condemns Russia's abduction of Ukrainian children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/amerykanski-senatory-ta-kongresmeny-podaly-rezolyucziyu-yaka-zasudzhuye-vykradennya-rosiyeyu-ukrayinskyh-ditej/
Our defenders will be able to apply their military skills in civilian life - Ministry of Veterans
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/nashi-zahysnyky-matymut-zmogu-zastosovuvaty-svoyi-vijskovi-navychky-u-czyvilnomu-zhytti-minveteraniv/
From Bakhmut "Wagnerivtsi" forcibly deported children - the office of the Prosecutor General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/iz-bahmutu-vagnerivczi-prymusovo-deportuvaly-ditej-ofis-genprokurora/
More than 110 athletes participated in fencing competitions at the CSC of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/ponad-110-sportsmeniv-vzyaly-uchast-u-zmagannyah-z-fehtuvannya-na-bazi-czsk-zsu/
Belarusian volunteers continue to defend Ukraine - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/biloruski-dobrovolczi-prodovzhuyut-zahyshhaty-ukrayinu-gur/
Representatives of the Security Sector of Ukraine, the USA, Norway and Estonia discussed the counteraction to cyber threats
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/predstavnyky-sektoru-bezpeky-ukrayiny-ssha-norvegiyi-ta-estoniyi-obgovoryly-protydiyu-kiberzagrozam/
Our aviation during the day struck six blows on the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/nasha-aviacziya-protyagom-doby-zavdala-shist-udariv-po-vorogu-3/
The General Staff of the Armed Forces reported about the number of shaped Russian "shamed"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/cziyeyi-nochi-rashysty-zastosuvaly-blyzko-10-bpla-typu-shahed-136/
The Armed Forces reflected more than 60 invaders attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/zsu-vidbyly-ponad-60-atak-okupantiv/
I will put any post on the Internet, by accident, I will press somewhere-I will come to me-intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/post-v-interneti-vystavlyu-yakyj-nebud-vypadkovo-lajk-des-natysnu-do-mene-v-gosti-pryyidut-perehoplennya-gur/
Defense forces eliminated more than 600 invaders, destroyed 8 UAVs and 6 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/syly-oborony-likviduvaly-ponad-600-okupantiv-znyshhyly-8-bpla-ta-6-bbm/
The coordination headquarters took place with the Marines families
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-iz-rodynamy-morpihiv/
Presidents of the United States and France have conducted a telephone conversation - confirmed the adamant support of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/prezydenty-ssha-ta-francziyi-provely-telefonnu-rozmovu-pidtverdyly-nepohytnu-pidtrymku-ukrayiny/
The Armed Forces of the Armed Forces have destroyed 8 Shahd-136/131 at night
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/syly-ppo-zsu-vnochi-znyshhyly-8-shahed-136-131/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Estonia has announced a new military assistance package for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/estoniya-ogolosyla-pro-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-dlya-ukrayiny/
Austria froze Russia's assets by almost 2 billion euros
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/avstriya-zamorozyla-aktyvy-rosiyi-majzhe-na-2-mlrd-yevro/
Army Alla Belinskaya - Vice -Term of Europe in Fighting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/armijka-alla-belinska-viczechempionka-yevropy-z-borotby/
In the eastern direction of the Defense force destroyed 123 invaders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/na-shidnomu-napryamku-syly-oborony-znyshhyly-123-okupanta/
Nikolaev paratroopers "Javelin" destroyed the Russian T-90 tank with mine trall
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/mykolayivski-desantnyky-dzhavelinom-znyshhyly-rosijskyj-tank-t-90-z-minnym-tralom/
South Korea allocates $ 230 million to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/pivdenna-koreya-vydilyaye-230-miljoniv-dopomogy-ukrayini/
The Head of State called on the Parliament of Mexico to become a co -creator of victory over evil
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/glava-derzhavy-zaklykav-parlament-meksyky-staty-spivtvorczem-peremogy-nad-zlom/
Last day Russian troops fired 107 settlements of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/mynuloyi-doby-rosijski-vijska-obstrilyaly-107-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny/
Alexei Reznikov and Lloyd Austin met before the Ramstein format meeting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/oleksij-reznikov-i-llojd-ostin-zustrilysya-pered-zasidannyam-u-formati-ramshtajn/
Round table "Features of working with captured military and the search for missing"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/kruglyj-stil-osoblyvosti-roboty-z-povernutymy-iz-polonu-vijskovymy-ta-rozshuk-znyklyh-bezvisty/
"The main priority of Ukraine is the protection of the Ukrainian sky" - Alexei Reznikov about "Ramstein"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/golovnyj-priorytet-ukrayiny-zahyst-ukrayinskogo-neba-oleksij-reznikov-pro-ramshtajn/
Patriot SCR already carries a combat duty in the air defense system of Ukraine-Lieutenant General Mykola Oleshchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/zrk-patriot-na-bojovomu-cherguvanni-na-odnomu-z-napryamkiv-general-lejtenant-mykola-oleshhuk/
The Minister of Defense of Ukraine told about the agenda of Ramstin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/ministr-oborony-ukrayiny-rozpoviv-pro-poryadok-dennyj-ramshtajnu/
The invaders were fired at Chernihiv region: Civilian houses were damaged
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/okupanty-vchergove-obstrilyaly-chernigivshhynu-poshkodzheno-czyvilni-budynky/
Head of State: The main goal is the strength of Ukraine to win
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/glava-derzhavy-golovna-meta-micznist-ukrayiny-shhob-peremogty/
Ramstin's participants in the year provided Ukraine with $ 55 billion safety assistance - Lloyd Austin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/uchasnyky-ramshtajnu-za-rik-nadaly-ukrayini-55-milyardiv-bezpekovoyi-dopomogy-llojd-ostin/
Revolted information about the state of prisoners of war is almost impossible - coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/dostovirnu-informacziyu-pro-stan-vijskovopolonenogo-otrymaty-majzhe-nemozhlyvo-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
Countries from all over the world condemn the atrocities and aggression of Russia and support Ukraine - Lloyd Austin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/krayiny-z-usogo-svitu-zasudzhuyut-zvirstva-ta-agresiyu-rosiyi-j-pidtrymuyut-ukrayinu-llojd-ostin/
Ukraine must win the war. And her integration to NATO will be the best investment in stability - the Minister of Defense of Poland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/ukrayina-maye-vygraty-vijnu-a-yiyi-integracziya-do-nato-stane-najkrashhoyu-investycziyeyu-u-stabilnist-ministr-oborony-polshhi/
Alexei Reznikov thanked Pentagon and Mark Millie for leadership in the anti -Kremliv Coalition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/oleksij-reznikov-podyakuvav-glavi-pentagonu-ta-marku-milli-za-liderstvo-u-antykremlivskij-koalicziyi/
In four directions at the same time, the RF continues offensive actions - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/na-chotyroh-napryamkah-odnochasno-rf-prodovzhuye-nastupalni-diyi-ganna-malyar/
Anti -air defense, ammunition and security tools - key issues of "Ramstin" - Lloyd Austin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/protypovitryana-oborona-boyeprypasy-ta-zasoby-zabezpechennya-klyuchovi-pytannya-ramshtajnu-llojd-ostin/
All alliance member countries agree that Ukraine should be part of it-NATO Secretary General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/usi-krayiny-chleny-alyansu-zgodni-z-tym-shho-ukrayina-maye-uvijty-do-jogo-skladu-gensek-nato/
The EU will increase the production of ammunition for Ukraine - Lloyd Austin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/yevrosoyuz-naroshhuvatyme-vyrobnycztvo-boyeprypasiv-dlya-ukrayiny-llojd-ostin/
NATO Secretary General at Ramstayna: We must strengthen Ukraine's support
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/generalnyj-sekretar-nato-na-ramshtajni-my-povynni-posylyty-pidtrymku-ukrayiny/
Russia continues to use managed aviation bombs on frontline settlements of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/rosiya-prodovzhuye-zastosovuvaty-kerovani-aviaczijni-bomby-po-pryfrontovyh-naselenyh-punktah-ukrayiny/
15 years in prison received a traitor who "drained" the position of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/15-rokiv-tyurmy-otrymav-zradnyk-yakyj-zlyvav-pozycziyi-zsu/
The production of weapons and ammunition in Ukraine was considered at the Supreme Commander -in -Chief Staff
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/na-stavczi-verhovnogo-golovnokomanduvacha-rozglyanuly-vyrobnycztvo-v-ukrayini-zbroyi-ta-boyeprypasiv/
NSDC Secretary: Russia fired its own cities to intimidate local
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/sekretar-rnbo-rosiya-obstrilyuye-vlasni-mista-aby-zalyakaty-misczevyh/
The heads of the Ministries of Defense of Ukraine and Estonia have entered into a memorandum of cooperation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/glavy-ministerstv-oborony-ukrayiny-ta-estoniyi-uklaly-memorandum-pro-spivpraczyu/
US President discussed the Security Support of Ukraine with the European Commission
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/prezydent-ssha-obgovoryv-z-glavoyu-yevrokomisiyi-bezpekovu-pidtrymku-ukrayiny/
Canada is allocated to Ukraine a military aid package by almost $ 29 million
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/kanada-vydilyaye-ukrayini-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-majzhe-na-29-mln/
The enemy holds in the Black Sea two rocket launchers with eight "caliber"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/vorog-trymaye-u-chornomu-mori-dva-raketonosiyi-z-vismoma-kalibramy-2/
NATO's Military Medical Services Heads of Military Medical Services took place in Oslo, which was attended by Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/v-oslo-vidbulosya-zasidannya-nachalnykiv-vijskovo-medychnyh-sluzhb-nato-v-yakomu-vzyala-uchast-i-ukrayina/
More than 80 thousand military crimes of the Russian Federation documented the Office of Prosecutor General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/ponad-80-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv-rf-zadokumentuvav-ofis-genprokurora/
A lawyer was detained in Kiev, who collected data on the places of dislocation of HIMARS for the Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/u-kyyevi-zatrymaly-advokata-yakyj-dlya-rosiyan-zbyrav-dani-pro-misczya-dyslokacziyi-rszv-himars/
LOOPARD 2 tanks that are in service with the Armed Forces will be served in Poland - Alexey Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/tanky-leopard-2-yaki-znahodyatsya-na-ozbroyenni-zsu-obslugovuvatymutsya-u-polshhi-oleksij-reznikov/
Black Sea Grain Initiative: In a week, Ukrainian ports left 14 vessels
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/chornomorska-zernova-inicziatyva-za-tyzhden-ukrayinski-porty-pokynulo-14-suden/
The Spirit of America Foundation handed the Ford Ranger SUVs to the military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/fond-spirit-of-america-peredav-vijskovym-desyat-pozashlyahovykiv-ford-ranger/
Almost 400 explosive items were neutralized by pyrotechnics per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/majzhe-400-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-zneshkodyly-pirotehniky-za-dobu/
The Head of State thanked the EBRD President for the support of Ukraine during a large -scale war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/glava-derzhavy-podyakuvav-prezydentu-yebrr-za-pidtrymku-ukrayiny-pid-chas-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-vijny/
Alexei Reznikov with NATO Secretary General: I hope to accelerate political decisions on Ukraine's integration into the Alliance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/oleksij-reznikov-z-gensekom-nato-spodivayusya-na-pryshvydshennya-politychnyh-rishen-shhodo-integracziyi-ukrayiny-v-alyans/
43 Ukrainian is evacuated for treatment in the health facilities of five European countries
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/vdalosya-evakuyuvaty-43-ukrayincziv-na-likuvannya-u-medzakladah-5-krayin-yevropy/
In four directions of defense force per day reflected 30 attacks of Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/na-chotyroh-napryamkah-syly-oborony-za-dobu-vidbyly-30-atak-rosiyan/
The occupiers were brought to the Skadovsk subdivision of convicted
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/dlya-zabezpechennya-pravoporyadku-okupanty-zavezly-do-skadovska-pidrozdil-zasudzhenyh/
The Armed Forces aviation struck the area of the cluster of Russian troops
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/aviacziya-zsu-zavdala-udaru-po-rajonu-skupchennya-rosijskyh-vijsk/
Ramstin's participating countries have provided more than 230 tanks to Ukraine-Lloyd Austin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/krayiny-uchasnyky-ramshtajnu-nadaly-ukrayini-ponad-230-tankiv-llojd-ostin/
The heads of the Ministries of Defense of Ukraine and New Zealand discussed additional ways of cooperation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/ochilnyky-ministerstv-oborony-ukrayiny-ta-novoyi-zelandiyi-obgovoryly-dodatkovi-shlyahy-spivpraczi/
Ukraine is most in need of supplying ground air defense systems - Lloyd Austin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/ukrayina-najbilshe-potrebuye-postachannya-nazemnyh-system-ppo-llojd-ostin/
Nothing will destroy our unity - Pentagon Head on Intelligence Invite Increase Information
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/nishho-ne-zrujnuye-nashu-yednist-glava-pentagonu-shhodo-informacziyi-pro-vytoky-rozviddanyh-ssha/
We need to maintain unity and concentrate on defense - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/nam-treba-zberigaty-yednist-i-konczentruvatys-na-oboroni-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Russia continues to fail and does not reach the set goals - Mark Millie
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/rosiya-prodovzhuye-zaznavaty-nevdach-i-ne-dosyagaye-postavlenyh-czilej-mark-milli/
Thank you for the courage and sustainability - the head of state appealed to the defenders of East of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/dyakuyu-za-smilyvist-i-stijkist-glava-derzhavy-zvernuvsya-do-oboroncziv-shodu-ukrayiny/
In Ukraine, compulsory exams for language and history are being introduced to obtain citizenship
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/v-ukrayini-vvodyat-obov%ca%bcyazkovi-ispyty-na-znannya-movy-ta-istoriyi-dlya-otrymannya-gromadyanstva/
Mark Millie commented on the possibility of providing Ukraine with American fighters F-16
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/mark-milli-prokomentuvav-mozhlyvist-nadannya-ukrayini-vynyshhuvachiv-f-16/
Dmytro Kuleba discussed with Josep Borrel's purchase of the European Union of ammunition for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/dmytro-kuleba-obgovoryv-z-zhozepom-borrelem-zakupivlyu-yevrosoyuzom-boyeprypasiv-dlya-ukrayiny/
Latvia will hand over to Ukraine all the Styinger's MANA
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/latviya-peredast-ukrayini-vsi-nayavni-v-neyi-pzrk-stinger/
Short. War. Day 422. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/korotko-vijna-den-422-videodajdzhest/
The Ministry of Defense of Ukraine and Estonia concluded a memorandum of cooperation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3698944-ministerstva-oboroni-ukraini-j-estonii-uklali-memorandum-pro-spivpracu.html
APL: Arsenal with Zinchenko Avoid defeat from Southampton
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699120-apl-arsenal-iz-zincenkom-unik-porazki-vid-sautgemptona.html
APL: Arsenal with Zinchenko Avoid defeat from Southampton
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699120-apl-arsenal-iz-zincenkom-unik-porazki-vid-sautgemptona.html
The Ministry of Defense of Ukraine and Estonia concluded a memorandum of cooperation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3698944-ministerstva-oboroni-ukraini-j-estonii-uklali-memorandum-pro-spivpracu.html
Germany has allocated € 3 million for UNIDO project for the development of Ukraine's industrial potential
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3699122-nimeccina-vidilila-3-miljoni-na-proekt-unido-z-rozbudovi-promislovogo-potencialu-ukraini.html
The removed Prosecutor General of Moldova is accused of illegal enrichment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3698813-vidstoronenogo-genprokurora-moldovi-obvinuvacuut-u-nezakonnomu-zbagacenni.html
Searching Groups of the Armed Forces from the beginning of the war found nearly 500 bodies of missing without the Ukrainian heroes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699124-posukovi-grupi-zsu-vid-pocatku-vijni-znajsli-majze-500-til-zniklih-bez-visti-ukrainskih-geroiv.html
Now the Alliance has become even stronger in the face of Russian aggression - Mark Millie
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/zaraz-alyans-stav-shhe-sylnishym-pered-oblychchyam-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-mark-milli/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====