乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-04-08

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Caurus Director Russia Army Shellle Topoli, Fholivka, NovoMilnsk, Yard, West, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4431
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Dibrova, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Te...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4432
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarkove, Bakhmut ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4433
At Avdiyivka and Maryinka directions Russian army shelled Novokalynove, Avdiyivka, Netaylove,...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4434
JSC Shaktarske Directio Rusian of the Army Schelled Kalledar, the fertilizer of the Andes Great Novosilka of D ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4435
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka of Donetsk region; Hulia...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4436
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4437
Donetsk Oblast(22:12). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42746
Zaporizhzhya region, Kirovohrad region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Cherkasy region, Poltava ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42753
Odeska Oblast(23:34). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilneodesa/22313
Donetsk region, Sumy region, Mykolaiv, Mykolaiv region, Kherson, Kherson region (23: From ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42758
Tactical Aviation Brigade Commander: Efficiency will be higher if we use F-16
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/komandyr-brygady-taktychnoyi-aviacziyi-efektyvnist-bude-vyshhoyu-yakshho-my-vykorystovuvatymemo-f-16/
Selection for the Positions of Civil Service in the Department of Prevention and Detection of Corruption of MOU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/ogolosheno-vidbir-na-posady-derzhsluzhby-u-departament-z-pytan-zapobigannya-ta-vyyavlennya-korupcziyi-mou/
Is Ukraine capable of producing its own technique for demining: Alexander Pavlyuk held an interagency meeting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/chy-zdatna-ukrayina-vyroblyaty-vlasnu-tehniku-dlya-rozminuvannya-oleksandr-pavlyuk-proviv-mizhvidomchu-naradu/
During the day, rescuers have almost two hundred times left for the elimination of the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-majzhe-dvisti-raziv-vyyizdyly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-5/
The enemy on duty is an excess rocket launcher with 8 "caliber"-Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/u-voroga-na-cherguvanni-perebuvaye-nadvodnyj-raketonosij-z-8-ma-kalibramy-nataliya-gumenyuk/
In Ukraine a day as a result of Russian shelling three civilians were killed, 17 were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/v-ukrayini-za-dobu-vnaslidok-rosijskyh-obstriliv-troye-czyvilnyh-zagynulo-17-poraneno/
The military who lost documents during hostilities can promptly restore them in the DMS units
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/vijskovi-yaki-vtratyly-dokumenty-pid-chas-bojovyh-dij-mozhut-operatyvno-vidnovyty-yih-v-pidrozdilah-dms/
More than 800 explosive items and airbags were neutralized per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-800-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-ta-aviabombu/
Detained FSB agent that has adjusted an enemy rocket strike at school in Donetsk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/zatrymano-agentku-fsb-yaka-skoryguvala-vorozhyj-raketnyj-udar-po-shkoli-na-donechchyni/
What difficulties does spring enemy create?
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/yaki-trudnoshhi-postanut-pered-rosarmiyeyu-z-nastannyam-vesny/
Warriors K2 told about heavy fights on the outskirts of Siversk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/voyiny-grupy-k2-rozpovily-pro-vazhki-boyi-na-okolyczyah-siverska/
Successfully on our part in poor visibility and at night work Avenger - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/uspishno-z-nashogo-boku-v-umovah-poganoyi-vydymosti-j-u-nichnyj-chas-praczyuyut-szrk-avenger-yurij-ignat/
Work is underway to introduce a summer field suit for women servicemen-Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/dlya-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-zhinok-vprovadzhuyut-kostyum-litnij-polovyj-ganna-malyar/
Coordination Staff: The enemy refuses to release seriously wounded, sick and women
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-vorog-vidmovlyayetsya-zvilnyaty-vazhkoporanenyh-hvoryh-ta-zhinok/
In 11 months of work United24 was transferred to the front nearly 500 UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/za-11-misyacziv-roboty-united24-peredano-na-front-majzhe-500-bpla/
Last year, 53 veterans - entrepreneurs received up to UAH 1 million for the development of their own business
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/mynulogo-roku-53-veterany-pidpryyemczi-otrymaly-do-1-mln-gryven-na-rozvytok-vlasnogo-biznesu/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: Almost 79 thousand war crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-majzhe-79-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
In Donetsk, the forces of defense were knocked down by a hostile assault
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/na-donechchyni-syly-oborony-zbyly-vorozhyj-shturmovyk/
Thanks to the misery of the warriors, the insubordination of our people, we won the battle north - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/zavdyaky-miczi-voyiniv-neskorenosti-nashyh-lyudej-my-peremogly-u-bytvi-za-pivnich-prezydent-ukrayiny/
We need to get a modern multi-purpose F-16 aircraft as soon as possible-Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/nam-potribno-yaknajshvydshe-otrymaty-suchasnyj-bagatoczilovyj-litak-f-16-yurij-ignat/
What are the results of testing Ukrainian pilots in the United States: Yuri Ignatus told details
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/yaki-rezultaty-testuvannya-ukrayinskyh-lotchykiv-u-ssha-yurij-ignat-rozpoviv-podrobyczi/
The tactics of hostile air attacks became more dangerous - Colonel Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/taktyka-vorozhyh-atak-z-povitrya-stala-bilsh-nebezpechnoyu-polkovnyk-yurij-ignat/
The enemy should not receive information from our telegrams about the movement of air goals in real time
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/vorog-ne-povynen-otrymuvaty-informacziyi-vid-nashyh-telegram-kanaliv-pro-ruh-povitryanyh-czilej-v-realnomu-chasi-yurij-ignat/
The Russian Federation holds in the Mediterranean three ships with 20 "calibers"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/rf-trymaye-u-seredzemnomu-mori-try-korabli-iz-20-kalibramy/
The NSDC examined the cyberattacks of the APT28 group, which is provoked with Russian special services with Russian special services
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/u-rnbo-doslidyly-kiberataky-ugrupovannya-apt28-yake-povyazuyut-z-rosijskymy-speczsluzhbamy/
Coordination Staff: Official confirmation of captivity occurs through the Red Cross
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-oficzijne-pidtverdzhennya-polonu-vidbuvayetsya-cherez-chervonyj-hrest/
Personnel of the Su-25 Storm Milk of the Occupants have been published
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/oprylyudneno-kadry-zbyttya-shturmovyka-su-25-okupantiv/
In the Feast of the Annunciation, the warriors prayed for a fair peace for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/u-svyato-blagovishhennya-voyiny-pomolylys-za-spravedlyvyj-myr-dlya-ukrayiny/
At the High Commander -in -Chief's Bion, the enemy's likely actions were discussed in the near future
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/na-stavczi-verhovnogo-golovnokomanduvacha-obgovoryly-jmovirni-diyi-voroga-najblyzhchym-chasom/
For the Ragnara Warrior, a shock drone with his call sign will be revealed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/za-voyina-ragnara-mstytymetsya-udarnyj-dron-z-jogo-pozyvnym/
Rosarmia's military abducted four Zaporozhye NPP workers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/vijskovi-rosarmiyi-vykraly-chotyroh-praczivnykiv-zaporizkoyi-aes/
Black Sea Grain Initiative: A week Ukrainian ports left 17 vessels
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/chornomorska-zernova-inicziatyva-za-tyzhden-ukrayinski-porty-pokynulo-17-suden/
The head of state formed 19 new military administrations in the Zaporozhye region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/glava-derzhavy-utvoryv-19-novyh-vijskovyh-administraczij-u-zaporizkij-oblasti/
Information from different sources is used to work on exchanges - coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/dlya-roboty-nad-obminamy-vykorystovuyetsya-informacziya-z-riznyh-dzherel-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
Above the military-political leadership of the state has several options for counter-offensive-NSDC
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/vyshhe-vijskovo-politychne-kerivnycztvo-derzhavy-maye-kilka-variantiv-kontrnastupu-rnbo/
Terroborons soldiers master new smoke grenades
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/voyiny-syl-teroborony-opanovuyut-novi-dymovi-granaty/
The Government has determined the conditions and procedure for payment of cash assistance in case of death or disability of volunteers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/uryad-vyznachyv-umovy-ta-poryadok-vyplaty-groshovoyi-dopomogy-u-razi-zagybeli-abo-invalidnosti-volonteriv/
The former Lviv priest justifies the armed aggression of the Russian Federation reported suspicion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/kolyshnomu-lvivskomu-svyashhennyku-shho-vypravdovuye-zbrojnu-agresiyu-rf-povidomleno-pro-pidozru/
As Russian IPSOs try to discredit mobilization in Ukraine: we refute fakes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/yak-rosijski-ipso-namagayutsya-dyskredytuvaty-mobilizacziyu-v-ukrayini-sprostovuyemo-fejky/
Waiting for a counter -offensive forces of security and defense undermines the moral spirit of Russian invaders - GUR MOU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/ochikuvannya-kontrnastupu-syl-bezpeky-ta-oborony-pidryvaye-moralnyj-duh-rosijskyh-okupantiv/
In Kiev presented the book "Alphabet of War": about the emotions experienced in the war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/u-kyyevi-prezentuvaly-knygu-abetka-vijny-pro-emocziyi-perezhyti-na-vijni/
Volodymyr Zelensky told about the work of the Fandering Platform United24 in March
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/volodymyr-zelenskyj-rozpoviv-pro-robotu-fandrejzyngovoyi-platformy-united24-u-berezni/
Our defenders in a day repelled over 40 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-vidbyly-po-40-vorozhyh-atak/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 9 beats in the occupants' focus
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/ukrayinski-voyiny-znyshhyly-rosijskyj-shturmovyk-su-25-poblyzu-maryinky/
In the capital, children turned old sleeves and helmets into articles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/foto-u-stolyczi-dity-peretvoryly-stari-gilzy-ta-sholomy-na-artobyekty/
The invaders threaten the eviction of Ukrainians who did not receive passports of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/okupanty-pogrozhuyut-vyselennyam-z-domivok-ukrayinczyam-yaki-ne-otrymaly-pasporty-rf/
Polish self -propelled RAK mortars are much more technological than Russian counterparts
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/polski-samohidni-minomety-rak-yaki-nezabarom-otrymayut-zsu-znachno-tehnologichnishi-za-rosijski-analogy/
In Ukraine, the project of Eng4publicService is ongoing for free learning English for civil servants
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/v-ukrayini-tryvaye-proyekt-eng4publicservice-z-bezoplatnogo-vyvchennya-anglijskoyi-movy-dlya-derzhsluzhbovcziv/
Alexei Reznikov discussed the situation at the front with the Minister of Defense of Cyprus
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/oleksij-reznikov-obgovoryv-sytuacziyu-na-fronti-na-zustrichi-z-ministrom-oborony-kipru/
The strategy of forming a system of transition from military service to civil life has been approved
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/zatverdzheno-strategiyu-formuvannya-systemy-perehodu-vid-vijskovoyi-sluzhby-do-czyvilnogo-zhyttya/
In the capital there was a meeting of Volunteer Denis Artyukhov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/u-stolyczi-vidbulasya-zustrich-pamyati-dobrovolczya-denysa-artyuhova/
Reported suspicion of the former "political scientist" Medvedchuk, who is hiding in Crimea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-kolyshnomu-politologu-medvedchuka-yakyj-perehovuyetsya-u-krymu/
The war rejected us 16 years ago in the context of welfare of citizens - the Ministry of Social Policy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/vijna-vidkynula-nas-na-16-rokiv-nazad-u-konteksti-dobrobutu-gromadyan-minsoczpolityky/
Many Russians fake diseases of illness so you don't go back to the front - intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/bagato-rosiyan-pidroblyayut-dovidky-pro-hvoroby-shhob-ne-povertatysya-na-front-perehoplennya-gur/
International organizations will assist search teams
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/mizhnarodni-organizacziyi-dopomagatymut-poshukovym-komandam-minreintegracziyi/
The Government has approved a state policy strategy for internal movement for the period up to 2025
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/uryad-shvalyv-strategiyu-derzhavnoyi-polityky-shhodo-vnutrishnogo-peremishhennya-na-period-do-2025-roku/
Russia's attempt to put Ukraine in slave conditions began with the occupation of Crimea – Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/sproba-rosiyi-postavyty-v-rabski-umovy-ukrayinu-rozpochalasya-z-okupacziyi-krymu-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded defenders for personal courage and dedication
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/volodymyr-zelenskyj-nagorodyv-zahysnykiv-za-osobystu-muzhnist-i-samoviddanist/
Respect and order will return to international relations when the Ukrainian flag will return to Crimea - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/v-mizhnarodni-vidnosyny-povernutsya-povaga-j-poryadok-koly-u-krym-povernetsya-ukrayinskyj-prapor-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Malynivka, Mala Tokmachka, Novoda...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4444
The SBU eliminated three more mobilization evasion schemes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693411-sbu-likviduvala-se-tri-shemi-uhilenna-vid-mobilizacii.html
Yulia Andriychuk: With Northern Macedonia we strive to show the best game
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693241-ulia-andrijcuk-u-matci-z-pivnicnou-makedonieu-hocemo-pokazati-najkrasu-gru.html
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4445
The democratic world must be re -armed with the threats put forward - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693409-demokraticnij-svit-mae-pereozbroitisa-z-urahuvannam-visunutih-jomu-zagroz-ekspert.html
Joel Embida became the best NBA scorer ahead of time
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693406-dzoel-embiid-dostrokovo-stav-najkrasim-bombardirom-nba.html
Only with Ukraine the Alliance will guarantee real protection in Europe - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3693398-lise-razom-z-ukrainou-alans-bude-garantuvati-spravznij-zahist-evropi-prezident.html
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled Topoli, Figolivka, two -year -old, western, starch ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4439
Syrsky showed how Ukrainian artillery destroys the enemy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693383-sirskij-pokazav-ak-ukrainska-artileria-nisit-voroga.html
The values for which Ukraine is struggling to every nation - the President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693403-cinnosti-za-aki-boretsa-ukraina-blizki-koznomu-narodu-prezident.html
Ukraine's women's national team beat Northern Macedonia in the qualification
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693402-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-gandbolu-obigrala-pivnicnu-makedoniu-u-kvalifikacii-cs.html
In the Foreign Ministry outraged by the new attempt by Pope Francis to equate the victim of war and aggressor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693401-u-mzs-obureni-novou-sprobou-papi-franciska-pririvnati-zertvu-vijni-ta-agresora.html
OSCE real update will only happen after fundamental changes in Russia and Belarus - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693400-spravzne-onovlenna-obse-stanetsa-lise-pisla-korinnih-zmin-u-rosii-ta-bilorusi-ekspert.html
Ukraine by 2030 can make more than half of its energy "green" - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3693397-ukraina-do-2030-roku-moze-zrobiti-ponad-polovinu-svoei-energetiki-zelenou-ekspert.html
In Ukraine presented a study of the vitality of companies during the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3693396-v-ukraini-prezentuvali-doslidzenna-zittestijkosti-kompanij-pid-cas-vijni.html
Hin Ming Sleep set a record of performance in APL among Asian football players
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693395-son-hin-min-vstanoviv-rekord-rezultativnosti-v-apl-sered-azijskih-futbolistiv.html
New arrangements in Poland - Zelensky became the most important result this week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3693394-najvagomisim-rezultatom-cogo-tizna-stali-novi-domovlenosti-u-polsi-zelenskij.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Novoselivske, Makiyivka, Nevske, Kuzmyne, Dibrova, Bi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4440
The Russians for a day seven times fired at Sumy Region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693393-rosiani-za-den-sim-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
Zelensky: Pleased to complete a week with good results for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693392-zelenskij-priemno-zaversuvati-tizden-iz-horosimi-rezultatami-dla-ukraini.html
In Kherson in some areas the light has disappeared
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693390-u-hersoni-v-deakih-rajonah-zniklo-svitlo.html
$ 520 million: Istanbul detained 153 suspects of fraud
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693382-sprava-na-520-miljoniv-u-stambuli-zatrimali-153-pidozruvanih-u-sahrajstvi.html
U-19 women's national team gave way to Denmark in selection for FTO 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693381-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-u19-postupilas-danii-u-vidbori-na-ce2023-z-futbolu.html
The Russians fired Kupyansky district of Kharkiv region, are dead and injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693380-rosiani-obstrilali-kupanskij-rajon-harkivsini-e-zagibli-ta-poranena.html
Five Ukrainians - Foreign Ministry were injured in an accident in Moldova.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693379-u-dtp-v-moldovi-postrazdali-patero-ukrainciv-mzs.html
The head of the National Bank went to Washington for annual IMF spring meetings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3693376-glava-nacbanku-vidbuv-do-vasingtona-na-soricni-vesnani-zbori-mvf.html
Mixed relay Walking Relay debuts at the Olympic Games in Paris
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693375-zmisana-estafeta-zi-sportivnoi-hodbi-debutue-na-olimpijskih-igrah-u-parizi.html
In the Kyiv region, the tractor driver exploded on an anti -tank mini
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693374-na-kiivsini-traktorist-pidirvavsa-na-protitankovij-mini.html
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Minkivka, Bakhmut, Bogdanivka, Ivanivske ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4441
The enemy attacked Nikopol region from heavy artillery and drones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693367-vorog-atakuvav-nikopolsinu-z-vazkoi-artilerii-ta-bezpilotnikiv.html
Iran installed cameras to detect women without hijab
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693366-v-irani-vstanovili-kameri-sob-viavlati-zinok-bez-hidzabu.html
German Finance Minister warns of budget deficits and calls for savings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3693360-ministr-finansiv-nimeccini-poperedzae-pro-deficit-budzetu-ta-zaklikae-do-ekonomii.html
Usik heads The Ring magazine regardless of weight category
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693359-usik-ocolue-rejting-zurnalu-the-ring-nezalezno-vid-vagovoi-kategorii.html
JSC Avdiivka And Marynka DirecTion Rusian Army Shelled Novobakhmutivka, Avdiivka, Severn ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4442
JSC Shaktarske Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Novomikhailivka, Coal, Wondering, Kermenz ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4443
Russian army shelled Antonivka overnight
https://t.me/suspilnekherson/24707
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Leonivka, Hremyach of Che...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4438
Donetsk Oblast, Zaporizka Oblast(08:26). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cove...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42772
Russian aviation conducted air strike at Avdiyivka and missile strikes with S-300 at Kostiant...
https://t.me/pavlokyrylenko_donoda/7436
Frightened by a counter -attack Russians form "living shields" from civilians - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693162-nalakani-kontrnastupom-rosiani-formuut-zivi-siti-z-civilnih-gumenuk.html
NBA: Mikhailuk is the most successful player of Charlotte with Gianton
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693163-nba-mihajluk-najrezultativnisij-gravec-sarlott-u-gri-z-gustonom.html
In the United States, a new leakage of secret documents on military plans of Ukraine - media was found
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693170-u-ssa-viavili-novij-vitik-sekretnih-dokumentiv-pro-vijskovi-plani-ukraini-zmi.html
Dynamo Captain met with the participants of the Premier League of School Football
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693167-kapitan-dinamo-zustrivsa-z-ucasnikami-premerligi-skilnogo-futbolu.html
Moscow failed to win the war against the Ukrainian power system - British intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693172-moskvi-ne-vdalosa-vigrati-vijnu-proti-ukrainskoi-energosistemi-britanska-rozvidka.html
About 10% of the locals remain in Severodonetsk in Severodonetsk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693173-u-severodonecku-zalisautsa-blizko-10-miscevih-ziteliv.html
At the stations will announce a moment of silence to honor the victims of rocket strike on Kramatorsk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693174-na-vokzalah-ogolosat-hvilinu-movcanna-na-vsanuvanna-zertv-raketnogo-udaru-po-kramatorsku.html
The Russian army injured 946 children in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693177-rosijska-armia-poranila-v-ukraini-946-ditej.html
In Zhytomyr region in the failure in the center of Zvyagel found an underground structure
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3693180-na-zitomirsini-u-provalli-v-centri-zvagela-viavili-pidzemnu-sporudu.html
In the Dnieper almost a day looking for a missing nine -year -old boy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693179-u-dnipri-majze-dobu-sukaut-zniklogo-devatiricnogo-hlopcika.html
In Odessa, at the opening of the cartoon exhibition was extinguished the brand depicting the first "bribe" in the city
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693185-v-odesi-na-vidkritti-vistavki-karikatur-pogasili-marku-z-zobrazennam-persogo-habara-v-misti.html
Ignatius: At the airfields of the Russian Federation - at least 12 aircraft that can attack Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693186-ignat-na-aerodromah-rf-sonajmense-12-litakiv-aki-mozut-atakuvati-ukrainu.html
From the beginning of the day, the Russian troops fired three communities of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693187-vid-pocatku-dobi-vijska-rf-obstrilali-tri-gromadi-sumsini.html
The Russians have inflicted air strike
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693194-rosiani-zavdali-aviaudaru-po-avdiivskomu-koksohimu.html
During the day, the invaders attacked eight regions of Ukraine - the erection of OVA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693196-za-dobu-vijska-rf-atakuvali-visim-oblastej-ukraini-zvedenna-ova.html
The date and time of the Dynamo UPL - Shakhtar match became known
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693197-stali-vidomi-data-ta-cas-matcu-upl-dinamo-sahtar.html
The Russians have released more than 1200 missiles and drones on key power facilities of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3693199-rosiani-vipustili-po-klucovih-energoobektah-ukraini-ponad-1200-raket-i-droniv.html
In Sweden, weapons production capacity is increasing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693200-u-svecii-narosuut-potuznosti-z-virobnictva-zbroi.html
Ukrainian handball players will play a playoff of the World Cup with Northern Macedonia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693203-ukrainski-gandbolistki-zigraut-matc-plejoff-cs-z-pivnicnou-makedonieu.html
Ignati explained why it is difficult to fight managed airbams at this time
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693210-ignat-poasniv-comu-narazi-vazko-borotisa-z-kerovanimi-aviabombami.html
Education Minister commented on a language scandal with a teacher in Irpen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693211-ministr-osviti-zaklikae-vikladaciv-pripiniti-manipulacii-navkolo-movi.html
In the Black Sea, Russia holds one carbon carrier
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693213-u-cornomu-mori-rosia-trimae-odin-nosij-kalibriv.html
At the border with Belarus and the Russian Federation, defensive boundaries are strengthened - Naev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693214-na-kordoni-z-bilorussu-i-rf-posiluut-oboronni-rubezi-naev.html
As a result of shelling by Russian troops, Orikhov was injured by a man
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693216-unaslidok-obstrilu-rosijskimi-vijskami-orihova-poranenij-colovik.html
China started military training near Taiwan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693217-kitaj-rozpocav-vijskovi-navcanna-poblizu-tajvanu.html
In Ukraine presented a study of the vitality of companies during the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3693220-v-ukraini-prezentuvali-doslidzenna-zittestijkosti-kompanij-pid-cas-vijni.html
In occupied Theodosius, two explosions were heard - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3693221-v-okupovanij-feodosii-prolunali-dva-vibuhi-zmi.html
Corrected fire on educational establishments: Nikolaev was given eight years behind bars
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693223-koriguvav-vogon-po-zakladah-osviti-zitelu-mikolaeva-dali-visim-rokiv-za-gratami.html
The hostile shelling of Berislav in Kherson region damaged the College Pedagogical
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693232-vorozij-obstril-berislava-na-hersonsini-poskodiv-pedagogicnij-koledz.html
Suspect in the preparation of riots in Chisinau has extended arrest period
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693228-pidozruvanim-u-pidgotovci-zavorusen-u-kisinevi-prodovzili-termin-arestu.html
Philanthropists handed over thermal undergraduate to physicians of emergency care
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693238-blagodijniki-peredali-termobiliznu-medikam-ekstrenoi-dopomogi.html
Negotiations should not become a "ratification" of the seizure of Russian territories in Ukraine - Blinken
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693239-peregovori-ne-povinni-stati-ratifikacieu-zahoplenna-rf-teritorij-v-ukraini-blinken.html
The DPRK claims that they have tested underwater nuclear drone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693240-u-kndr-zaavlaut-so-viprobuvali-pidvodnij-adernij-dron.html
Yermak and Amal Klouni discussed Russia's responsibility for crimes against Ukrainian children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693243-ermak-ta-amal-kluni-obgovorili-vidpovidalnist-rosii-za-zlocini-proti-ukrainskih-ditej.html
Russia lost elections to three UN bodies
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693244-rosia-prograla-vibori-do-troh-organiv-oon.html
The Army Army game appeared in the Action Action application
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3693248-u-zastosunku-dia-zavilasa-gra-armia-droniv.html
In Kharkiv region, the "director" of the school was given two years in prison for cooperation with the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693251-na-harkivsini-direktoru-skoli-dali-dva-roki-turmi-za-spivpracu-z-rosianami.html
In Ukraine, it is predicted rain, sometimes with a thunderstorm, up to 15 ° heat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693263-v-ukraini-prognozuut-dos-podekudi-iz-grozou-do-15-tepla.html
In Dnipropetrovsk, they found a nine -year -old boy who was looking for almost a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693254-na-dnipropetrovsini-znajsli-devatiricnogo-hlopcika-akogo-sukali-majze-dobu.html
Denis Molchanov gave way to the pair finale of the ATP tournament in Italy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693260-denis-molcanov-postupivsa-u-parnomu-finali-turniru-atp-v-italii.html
In the Vatican again decided to combine representatives of Ukraine and the Russian Federation on the Cross Road
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693261-u-vatikani-znovu-virisili-poednati-predstavnikiv-ukraini-ta-rf-na-hresnij-dorozi.html
In Mariupol, Russian troops damaged 90% of schools
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693262-u-mariupoli-rosijski-vijska-poskodili-90-skil.html
Kyiv region handed over drones and cars to the soldiers of the 72nd brigade who are fighting in Donetsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693264-kiivsina-peredala-droni-ta-avtivki-bijcam-72i-brigadi-aki-vouut-na-doneccini.html
In the Chernihiv region, teenagers who were mocked by a girl were held accountable
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693267-na-cernigivsini-pritagnuli-do-vidpovidalnosti-pidlitkiv-aki-znusalisa-z-divcini.html
Chernihiv-SHVSM won the Mariupol FSK in the first league match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693269-cernigivsvsm-peremig-fsk-mariupol-u-matci-persoi-ligi.html
The satellite removed the 70-kilometer "trench" of the Russians in Zaporozhye
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693270-suputnik-znav-70kilometrovij-okop-rosian-na-zaporizzi.html
31 children deported by Russia are returned to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693273-v-ukrainu-povertaetsa-31-ditina-deportovana-rosieu.html
In Turkey, IFar was organized for the communities of Ukrainians and Crimean Tatars
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3693271-u-tureccini-organizuvali-iftar-dla-gromad-ukrainciv-i-krimskih-tatar.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
Romanian F-16 was lifted to intercepts two Russian fighters over the Baltic Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693272-rumunski-f16-pidijmali-na-perehoplenna-dvoh-vinisuvaciv-rf-nad-baltijskim-morem.html
The Court has decided to eliminate RT France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693274-sud-uhvaliv-risenna-pro-likvidaciu-rt-france.html
In Moldova, the bus to Kiev is victims
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693278-u-moldovi-perekinuvsa-avtobus-do-kieva-e-postrazdali.html
Dynamo won Minaj in the Ukrainian Football Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693276-dinamo-peremoglo-minaj-u-cempionati-ukraini-z-futbolu.html
In Kramatorsk honored the memory of the victims of the rocket strike of the Russian Federation at the railway station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693279-u-kramatorsku-vsanuvali-pamat-zertv-raketnogo-udaru-rf-po-zaliznicnomu-vokzalu.html
The two museums of Sweden opened a photo exhibition of Mariupol journalist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3693280-u-dvoh-muzeah-svecii-vidkrilasa-fotovistavka-mariupolskogo-zurnalista.html
Five regions of Ukraine have received fully equipped cars "fast"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693281-pat-oblastej-ukraini-otrimali-povnistu-obladnani-avtomobili-svidkoi.html
Lithuanian Foreign Ministry seeks specific steps to integrate Ukraine in NATO at a summit in Vilnius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3693286-mzs-litvi-pragne-konkretnih-krokiv-z-integracii-ukraini-v-nato-na-samiti-u-vilnusi.html
In Estonia, a coalition agreement has been reached, the composition of a new government was determined
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693287-v-estonii-dosagnuta-koalicijna-ugoda-viznacivsa-sklad-novogo-uradu.html
Kyiv residents warn of thunderstorm and strong wind
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3693289-ziteliv-kieva-poperedzaut-pro-grozu-ta-silnij-viter.html
Niva lost LNZ in the first league champion group
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693291-niva-prograla-lnz-u-cempionskij-grupi-persoi-ligi.html
In Kharkiv, two people exploded on explosives
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693293-na-harkivsini-dvoe-ludej-pidirvalisa-na-vibuhivci.html
Twitter has lifted restrictions on the Kremlin -media accounts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3693296-twitter-znav-obmezenna-na-oblikovi-zapisi-povazani-z-kremlem-zmi.html
Ambassador Zvarych greeted the Poles with Easter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693298-posol-zvaric-privitav-polakiv-z-velikodnem.html
Kryvbas beat Dawn in Ukrainian Football Premier League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693299-krivbas-obigrav-zoru-v-ukrainskij-futbolnij-premerlizi.html
In Ukraine, because of the war, 60% of children - volunteers left their homes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693302-v-ukraini-cerez-vijnu-svoi-domivki-zalisili-60-ditej-volonteri.html
Shakhtar beat Metalist minimally in the match of the football premiere
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693304-sahtar-minimalno-obigrav-metalist-u-matci-futbolnoi-premerligi.html
The non -banking services market decreased by another 37 participants - the NBU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3693306-rinok-nebankivskih-poslug-skorotivsa-se-na-37-ucasnikiv-nbu.html
Mykola Kuleba believes that Ukrainian children deported by Russians will also be found in Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693308-mikola-kuleba-vvazae-so-deportovanih-rosianami-ukrainskih-ditej-znajdut-i-v-bilorusi.html
In the Zaporozhye region, as a result of Russian shelling, two men were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693309-u-zaporizkij-oblasti-vnaslidok-rosijskogo-obstrilu-poraneni-dvoe-colovikiv.html
APL: "Everton" with Mykolenko gave way to Manchester United "
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693314-apl-everton-z-mikolenkom-postupivsa-na-viizdi-mancester-unajted.html
In Lviv, the largest trident in Ukraine was created in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693315-u-lvovi-stvorili-najbilsij-v-ukraini-trizub-z-pasok.html
Zaluzhny discussed the situation at the front with a French colleague
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693316-zaluznij-obgovoriv-situaciu-na-fronti-iz-francuzkim-kolegou.html
"We are not volunteers", the anthem of the Russian Federation and threats - stories of Ukrainian children after deportation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693320-mi-vam-ne-volonteri-gimn-rf-ta-pogrozi-rozpovidi-ukrainskih-ditej-pisla-deportacii.html
UPL: "Movement" was unable to beat "Heather"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693322-upl-ruh-ne-zmig-peregrati-veres.html
The US can introduce troops in Taiwan in the event of China's invasion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693328-ssa-mozut-vvesti-vijska-u-tajvan-u-razi-vtorgnenna-kitau.html
Ukrainians are accessible to an interactive map to find hiss abroad
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693327-ukraincam-dostupna-interaktivna-mapa-dla-posuku-prihistku-za-kordonom.html
F -16 can destroy targets still on borders and drive to the bottom of the Fleet of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693331-f16-mozut-znisuvati-cili-se-na-kordonah-ta-zagnati-na-dno-flot-rf-komanduvac-povitranih-sil.html
In Ukraine can review the cost of administrative services - deputy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693333-v-ukraini-mozut-pereglanuti-vartist-adminposlug-deputatka.html
More than six thousand cubic meters of garbage was taken out in Kiev during the toloki
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3693335-u-kievi-pid-cas-toloki-vivezli-ponad-sist-tisac-kubometriv-smitta.html
Ukrainian Vanshelboym became an ITF tournament champion in a paired discharge
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693336-ukrainec-vanselbojm-stav-cempionom-turniru-itf-u-parnomu-rozradi.html
In the Nikolaev area the Armed Forces destroyed the reconnaissance drone of Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693337-na-mikolaivsini-zsu-znisili-rozviduvalnij-bezpilotnik-rosian.html
Zaluzhny showed how Polish howitzers "crab" perform combat missions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693341-zaluznij-pokazav-ak-polski-gaubici-krab-vikonuut-bojovi-zavdanna.html
The priest of the UOC -MP, who beat the military in the Khmelnitsky temple, was wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693347-svasennika-upc-mp-akij-pobiv-vijskovogo-v-hrami-hmelnickogo-ogolosili-v-rozsuk.html
Ukraine and USA are working on a joint energy program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3693348-ukraina-ta-ssa-pracuut-nad-spilnou-programou-u-sferi-energetiki.html
APL: Chelsea Mudrika conceded "Vulverhampton", continuing to be a win -free series
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693352-apl-celsi-mudrika-postupivsa-vulvergemptonu-prodovzivsi-bezvigrasnu-seriu.html
Ukrainian aviation per day has struck eight strokes in the areas of cluster of Russian troops
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693355-ukrainska-aviacia-za-dobu-zavdala-visim-udariv-po-rajonah-skupcenna-vijsk-rf.html
Prometheus won the Latvian-Estonian basketball league
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693356-prometej-vigrav-latvijskoestonsku-basketbolnu-ligu.html
The Russians for the second time were fired at the Orkhiv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693358-rosiani-vdruge-za-dobu-obstrilali-orihiv.html
Usik heads The Ring magazine regardless of weight category
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693359-usik-ocolue-rejting-zurnalu-the-ring-nezalezno-vid-vagovoi-kategorii.html
German Finance Minister warns of budget deficits and calls for savings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3693360-ministr-finansiv-nimeccini-poperedzae-pro-deficit-budzetu-ta-zaklikae-do-ekonomii.html
Iran installed cameras to detect women without hijab
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693366-v-irani-vstanovili-kameri-sob-viavlati-zinok-bez-hidzabu.html
The enemy attacked Nikopol region from heavy artillery and drones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693367-vorog-atakuvav-nikopolsinu-z-vazkoi-artilerii-ta-bezpilotnikiv.html
In the Kyiv region, the tractor driver exploded on an anti -tank mini
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693374-na-kiivsini-traktorist-pidirvavsa-na-protitankovij-mini.html
Mixed relay Walking Relay debuts at the Olympic Games in Paris
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693375-zmisana-estafeta-zi-sportivnoi-hodbi-debutue-na-olimpijskih-igrah-u-parizi.html
The head of the National Bank went to Washington for annual IMF spring meetings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3693376-glava-nacbanku-vidbuv-do-vasingtona-na-soricni-vesnani-zbori-mvf.html
Five Ukrainians - Foreign Ministry were injured in an accident in Moldova.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693379-u-dtp-v-moldovi-postrazdali-patero-ukrainciv-mzs.html
The Russians fired Kupyansky district of Kharkiv region, are dead and injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693380-rosiani-obstrilali-kupanskij-rajon-harkivsini-e-zagibli-ta-poranena.html
U-19 women's national team gave way to Denmark in selection for FTO 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693381-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-u19-postupilas-danii-u-vidbori-na-ce2023-z-futbolu.html
$ 520 million: Istanbul detained 153 suspects of fraud
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693382-sprava-na-520-miljoniv-u-stambuli-zatrimali-153-pidozruvanih-u-sahrajstvi.html
In Kherson in some areas the light has disappeared
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693390-u-hersoni-v-deakih-rajonah-zniklo-svitlo.html
Zelensky: Pleased to complete a week with good results for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693392-zelenskij-priemno-zaversuvati-tizden-iz-horosimi-rezultatami-dla-ukraini.html
The Russians for a day seven times fired at Sumy Region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693393-rosiani-za-den-sim-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
New arrangements in Poland - Zelensky became the most important result this week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3693394-najvagomisim-rezultatom-cogo-tizna-stali-novi-domovlenosti-u-polsi-zelenskij.html
Hin Ming Sleep set a record of performance in APL among Asian football players
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693395-son-hin-min-vstanoviv-rekord-rezultativnosti-v-apl-sered-azijskih-futbolistiv.html
In Ukraine presented a study of the vitality of companies during the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3693396-v-ukraini-prezentuvali-doslidzenna-zittestijkosti-kompanij-pid-cas-vijni.html
Ukraine by 2030 can make more than half of its energy "green" - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3693397-ukraina-do-2030-roku-moze-zrobiti-ponad-polovinu-svoei-energetiki-zelenou-ekspert.html
OSCE real update will only happen after fundamental changes in Russia and Belarus - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693400-spravzne-onovlenna-obse-stanetsa-lise-pisla-korinnih-zmin-u-rosii-ta-bilorusi-ekspert.html
In the Foreign Ministry outraged by the new attempt by Pope Francis to equate the victim of war and aggressor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693401-u-mzs-obureni-novou-sprobou-papi-franciska-pririvnati-zertvu-vijni-ta-agresora.html
Ukraine's women's national team beat Northern Macedonia in the qualification
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693402-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-gandbolu-obigrala-pivnicnu-makedoniu-u-kvalifikacii-cs.html
The values for which Ukraine is struggling to every nation - the President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693403-cinnosti-za-aki-boretsa-ukraina-blizki-koznomu-narodu-prezident.html
Syrsky showed how Ukrainian artillery destroys the enemy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693383-sirskij-pokazav-ak-ukrainska-artileria-nisit-voroga.html
Only with Ukraine the Alliance will guarantee real protection in Europe - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3693398-lise-razom-z-ukrainou-alans-bude-garantuvati-spravznij-zahist-evropi-prezident.html
Joel Embida became the best NBA scorer ahead of time
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693406-dzoel-embiid-dostrokovo-stav-najkrasim-bombardirom-nba.html
The democratic world must be re -armed with the threats put forward - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693409-demokraticnij-svit-mae-pereozbroitisa-z-urahuvannam-visunutih-jomu-zagroz-ekspert.html
The SBU eliminated three more mobilization evasion schemes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693411-sbu-likviduvala-se-tri-shemi-uhilenna-vid-mobilizacii.html
In Kiev, honored athletes who died through the war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/u-kyyevi-vshanuvaly-sportsmeniv-yaki-zagynuly-cherez-vijnu/
A political scientist from Khmelnytskyi has been reported suspicion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/politologu-z-hmelnychchyny-povidomleno-pro-pidozru-u-derzhzradi/
In Ukraine, a mobile application was launched to find missing children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/v-ukrayini-zapraczyuvav-mobilnyj-zastosunok-dlya-poshuku-znyklyh-bezvisty-ditej/
Kropyvnytskyi was eliminated by a bot farm for over 3,000 fake accounts
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/u-kropyvnyczkomu-likviduvaly-botofermu-na-ponad-3-tysyachi-fejkovyh-akauntiv/
8 million UAH of arrested Russian assets have been transferred in favor of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/na-koryst-zsu-peredano-8-mln-grn-areshtovanyh-rosijskyh-aktyviv/
Reported suspicion of a traitor who kept in the cameras stolen by patriots occupants
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-zradnyku-yakyj-utrymuvav-v-kamerah-vykradenyh-okupantamy-patriotiv/
The latest events in the Bryansk region testify - in the middle of the Russian Federation a possible armed protest against the current regime - GUR MOU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/u-bryanskyj-oblasti-nevidomi-rozstrilyaly-rosijskyh-sylovykiv/
Ukrainian soldiers have repelled more than 60 enemy attacks in the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/ukrayinski-voyiny-za-mynulu-dobu-vidbyly-ponad-60-vorozhyh-atak/
The occupiers intensified the preparation for the evacuation of the local population to the Crimea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/na-tot-okupanty-aktyvizuvaly-pidgotovku-do-evakuacziyi-misczevogo-naselennya-do-krymu/
The forces of Ukraine's defense last day destroyed 7 Russian drones
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/syly-oborony-ukrayiny-mynuloyi-doby-znyshhyly-7-rosijskyh-bezpilotnykiv/
The General Staff reported the liquidation of 570 invaders per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/generalnyj-shtab-povidomyv-pro-likvidacziyu-570-okupantiv-za-dobu/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
On the temporarily occupied Kherson region, the enemy is already panicked in anticipation of Ukrainian counter -offensive
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/na-tymchasovo-okupovanij-hersonshhyni-vorog-uzhe-panikuye-v-ochikuvanni-ukrayinskogo-kontrnastupu/
In two weeks NATO will start major military training Defender
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/za-dva-tyzhni-nato-rozpochne-velyki-vijskovi-navchannya-defender/
The President of Ukraine celebrated more than 770 Ukrainian soldiers state awards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/prezydent-ukrayiny-vidznachyv-derzhavnymy-nagorodamy-ponad-770-ukrayinskyh-voyiniv/
For the destruction of Russian managed aircraft Ukraine, Ukraine needs aircraft 4+ - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/dlya-znyshhennya-rosijskyh-kerovanyh-aviabomb-ukrayina-potrebuye-litakiv-pokolinnya-4-yurij-ignat/
Military Psychologists of the Navy of Ukraine provide professional assistance released from captivity to brothers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/vijskovi-psyhology-vms-ukrayiny-nadayut-fahovu-dopomogu-zvilnenym-z-polonu-pobratymam/
The enemy keeps four carriers of the Caliber rockets in the Black and Mediterranean Seas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/vorog-trymaye-v-gotovnosti-chotyry-nosiyi-krylatyh-raket-kalibr-u-chornomu-ta-seredzemnomu-moryah/
At least 12 strategic enemy bombers are ready to strike a blow
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/shhonajmenshe-12-strategichnyh-bombarduvalnykiv-voroga-perebuvayut-u-gotovnosti-do-zavdavannya-udaru/
Dutch Marine Corps Instructors Teach Ukrainians in Position Fighting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/niderlandski-instruktory-korpusu-morskoyi-pihoty-navchayut-ukrayincziv-vedennya-pozyczijnyh-bojovyh-dij/
Dutch Marine Corps Instructors Teach Ukrainians in Position Fighting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/niderlandski-instruktory-korpusu-morskoyi-pihoty-navchayut-ukrayincziv-vedennya-pozyczijnyh-bojovyh-dij/
Coordination Staff recalled the harmfulness of media publicity for prisoners
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-nagadav-pro-shkidlyvist-medijnoyi-publichnosti-dlya-polonenogo/
The court has appointed 8 years of imprisonment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/sud-pryznachyv-8-rokiv-uvyaznennya-koryguvalnyku-rosijskyh-raketnyh-udariv-po-shkolah-u-mykolayevi/
As pensions of the families of fallen servicemen accrued
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/yak-narahovuyutsya-pensiyi-rodynam-zagyblyh-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
Why F-16 is important for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/chomu-f-16-vazhlyvi-dlya-ukrayiny/
The memory of all the victims of last year's shelling of Kramatorsk was honored today in the city
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/pamyat-usih-zhertv-torishnogo-obstrilu-kramotorska-vshanuvaly-sogodni-v-misti/
The joint production agreement was concluded with 125-mm tank shells in Poland-Ukroboronprom
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/ukladena-ugoda-pro-spilne-vyrobnycztvo-125-mm-tankovyh-snaryadiv-na-terytoriyi-polshhi-ukroboronprom/
NATO's largest aviation training will be held in Europe under Germany
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/najbilshi-aviaczijni-navchannya-nato-projdut-v-yevropi-pid-kerivnycztvom-nimechchyny/
Open Door Day took place in the window
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/u-viknu-vidbuvsya-den-vidkrytyh-dverej/
Defense forces destroyed UAVs, ammunition composition and 3 enemy Reb stations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/syly-oborony-znyshhyly-bpla-sklad-boyeprypasiv-i-3-stancziyi-reb-protyvnyka/
To replenish the loss, the Russians will conduct early issues in military educational institutions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/dlya-popovnennya-vtrat-rosiyany-provedut-dostrokovi-vypusky-u-vijskovyh-navchalnyh-zakladah/
The General Staff warns of high probability of rocket strokes all over Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/genshtab-poperedzhaye-pro-vysoku-jmovirnist-raketnyh-udariv-po-vsij-ukrayini/
For a day of defense forces reflected more than 35 enemy attacks in the hottest sections of the front
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/syly-oborony-vidbyly-ponad-35-vorozhyh-atak/
Our experience of using the crab SAU is valuable for weapons manufacturers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/dosvid-vykorystannya-sau-krab-czinnyj/
Fused into the "Counter -Offset Plan" - Fake and Special Operation of
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/zlytyj-u-merezhu-plan-kontrnastupu-fejk/
It's nice to complete this week with good results for Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/zvernennya-volodymyra-zelenskogo/
The occupiers fired at Orikhiv and Gulyaypole of Zaporizhzhya region - proceedings were started
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/okupanty-obstrilyaly-mista-orihiv-ta-gulyajpole/
The threat of rocket strokes decreased, but did not disappear - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/zagroza-raketnyh-udariv-znyzylasya-ale-ne-znykla-nataliya-gumenyuk/
The military was told about the fighting and destruction of one of the Russian units
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/vijskovyj-rf-rozpoviv-pro-bojovi-diyi-ta-zagybel-odnogo-z-pidrozdiliv/
US continued sanctions against Russia for another year
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/ssha-prodovzhyly-sankcziyi-proty-rosiyi-shhe-na-rik/
Short. War. Day 409. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/korotko-vijna-den-409-videodajdzhest/
Media publicity of prisoner increases the risk of psychological influence of Russians - coordination
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693413-medijna-publicnist-polonenogo-zbilsue-rizik-psihologicnogo-vplivu-rosian-koordstab.html
In Britain, banknotes depicting Charles III started printing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693353-u-britanii-pocali-drukuvati-banknoti-z-zobrazennam-carlza-iii.html
In Britain, banknotes depicting Charles III started printing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693353-u-britanii-pocali-drukuvati-banknoti-z-zobrazennam-carlza-iii.html
Media publicity of prisoner increases the risk of psychological influence of Russians - coordination
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693413-medijna-publicnist-polonenogo-zbilsue-rizik-psihologicnogo-vplivu-rosian-koordstab.html
The occupiers set an additional fence to enclose the entrances to the ZPP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/okupanty-vstanovlyuyut-dodatkovyj-parkan-shhob-ogorodyty-pidyizdy-do-zaes/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====