乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-04-09

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled Topoli, Figolivka, two -year -old, western, starch ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4439
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Novoselivske, Makiyivka, Nevske, Kuzmyne, Dibrova, Bi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4440
Sumska Oblast(09:09). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42773
Chernihivska Oblast(12:20). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42777
Sumska Oblast(12:21). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42778
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(13:12). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42781
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(13:13). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/14213
Zaporizka Oblast, Poltavska Oblast, Donetsk Oblast(13:15). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens s...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42785
Sumska Oblast(13:16). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42786
Zaporizka Oblast(14:04). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42793
Donetsk Oblast(15:00). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42795
Donetsk Oblast(16:08). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42797
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(19:20). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42799
Zaporizka Oblast(00:48). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42802
In Kiev, honored athletes who died through the war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/u-kyyevi-vshanuvaly-sportsmeniv-yaki-zagynuly-cherez-vijnu/
A political scientist from Khmelnytskyi has been reported suspicion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/politologu-z-hmelnychchyny-povidomleno-pro-pidozru-u-derzhzradi/
In Ukraine, a mobile application was launched to find missing children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/v-ukrayini-zapraczyuvav-mobilnyj-zastosunok-dlya-poshuku-znyklyh-bezvisty-ditej/
Kropyvnytskyi was eliminated by a bot farm for over 3,000 fake accounts
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/u-kropyvnyczkomu-likviduvaly-botofermu-na-ponad-3-tysyachi-fejkovyh-akauntiv/
8 million UAH of arrested Russian assets have been transferred in favor of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/na-koryst-zsu-peredano-8-mln-grn-areshtovanyh-rosijskyh-aktyviv/
Reported suspicion of a traitor who kept in the cameras stolen by patriots occupants
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-zradnyku-yakyj-utrymuvav-v-kamerah-vykradenyh-okupantamy-patriotiv/
The latest events in the Bryansk region testify - in the middle of the Russian Federation a possible armed protest against the current regime - GUR MOU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/u-bryanskyj-oblasti-nevidomi-rozstrilyaly-rosijskyh-sylovykiv/
Ukrainian soldiers have repelled more than 60 enemy attacks in the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/ukrayinski-voyiny-za-mynulu-dobu-vidbyly-ponad-60-vorozhyh-atak/
The occupiers intensified the preparation for the evacuation of the local population to the Crimea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/na-tot-okupanty-aktyvizuvaly-pidgotovku-do-evakuacziyi-misczevogo-naselennya-do-krymu/
The forces of Ukraine's defense last day destroyed 7 Russian drones
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/syly-oborony-ukrayiny-mynuloyi-doby-znyshhyly-7-rosijskyh-bezpilotnykiv/
The General Staff reported the liquidation of 570 invaders per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/generalnyj-shtab-povidomyv-pro-likvidacziyu-570-okupantiv-za-dobu/
On the temporarily occupied Kherson region, the enemy is already panicked in anticipation of Ukrainian counter -offensive
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/na-tymchasovo-okupovanij-hersonshhyni-vorog-uzhe-panikuye-v-ochikuvanni-ukrayinskogo-kontrnastupu/
In two weeks NATO will start major military training Defender
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/za-dva-tyzhni-nato-rozpochne-velyki-vijskovi-navchannya-defender/
The President of Ukraine celebrated more than 770 Ukrainian soldiers state awards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/prezydent-ukrayiny-vidznachyv-derzhavnymy-nagorodamy-ponad-770-ukrayinskyh-voyiniv/
For the destruction of Russian managed aircraft Ukraine, Ukraine needs aircraft 4+ - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/dlya-znyshhennya-rosijskyh-kerovanyh-aviabomb-ukrayina-potrebuye-litakiv-pokolinnya-4-yurij-ignat/
Military Psychologists of the Navy of Ukraine provide professional assistance released from captivity to brothers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/vijskovi-psyhology-vms-ukrayiny-nadayut-fahovu-dopomogu-zvilnenym-z-polonu-pobratymam/
The enemy keeps four carriers of the Caliber rockets in the Black and Mediterranean Seas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/vorog-trymaye-v-gotovnosti-chotyry-nosiyi-krylatyh-raket-kalibr-u-chornomu-ta-seredzemnomu-moryah/
At least 12 strategic enemy bombers are ready to strike a blow
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/shhonajmenshe-12-strategichnyh-bombarduvalnykiv-voroga-perebuvayut-u-gotovnosti-do-zavdavannya-udaru/
In Austria, former military, ambassadors and experts called for a new doctrine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693591-v-avstrii-kolisni-vijskovi-posli-j-eksperti-zaklikali-uhvaliti-novu-doktrinu-bezpeki.html
Yarmolenko was distinguished for Al Ain in the match against Haur-Faccan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693703-armolenko-vidznacivsa-za-al-ajn-u-matci-proti-haurfakkana.html
In the Russian Federation stolen Ukrainian children are punished for refusing to sing the anthem of Russia - Gerasimchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693637-u-rf-vikradenih-ukrainskih-ditej-karaut-za-vidmovu-spivati-gimn-rosii-gerasimcuk.html
Joshua: My next battle is scheduled for December
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693702-dzosua-mij-nastupnij-bij-zaplanovano-na-gruden.html
Mikhailuk scored 16 points in the match with Cleveland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693700-mihajluk-nabrav-16-ocok-u-matci-z-klivlendom.html
Turkey will put on weapons a unique ship to accommodate combat drones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693699-tureccina-postavit-na-ozbroenna-unikalnij-korabel-dla-rozmisenna-bojovih-droniv.html
The President announced the work to strengthen Ukrainian defense next week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693696-prezident-anonsuvav-robotu-z-posilenna-ukrainskoi-oboroni-nastupnogo-tizna.html
Zelensky: Russia puts itself in even greater isolation from the world and humanity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693693-zelenskij-rosia-stavit-sebe-u-se-bilsu-izolaciu-vid-svitu-ta-ludstva.html
The Russians fired two border communities in Sumy region during the day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693691-rosiani-protagom-dna-obstrilali-dvi-prikordonni-gromadi-na-sumsini.html
In Ukraine tomorrow will be warm, sometimes light rain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693602-v-ukraini-zavtra-bude-teplo-podekudi-nevelikij-dos.html
In Kamianets -Podilskyi near the Cathedral, the believers began an action - they require a transition to the PCC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693688-u-kamancipodilskomu-bila-soboru-virani-pocali-akciu-vimagaut-perehodu-do-pcu.html
In the Chernivtsi region, due to the accident, the movement on the H-03 highway is complicated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693683-u-cerniveckij-oblasti-cerez-avariu-uskladnenij-ruh-na-avtoslahu-n03.html
APL: Liverpool played a draw with Arsenal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693684-apl-liverpul-zigrav-vniciu-z-arsenalom.html
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Minkivka, Zaliznyanske, Orikhovo-Basil ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4449
Iran declared a successful test of a new drone Kamikadze
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693654-iran-zaaviv-pro-uspisne-viprobuvanna-novogo-dronakamikadze.html
The first flight of a new train from Lviv arrived in Kramatorsk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693680-do-kramatorska-pribuv-persij-rejs-novogo-potaga-zi-lvova.html
Near Marinka and Avdiivka, the army of the Russian Federation loses up to two mouths daily - defense forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693677-u-rajoni-marinki-ta-avdiivki-armia-rf-sodna-vtracae-do-dvoh-rot-sili-oboroni.html
Inhabitants of the occupied territories are threatened with the removal of children, if they do not take passports of the Russian Federation - military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693679-zitelam-okupovanih-teritorij-pogrozuut-vilucati-ditej-akso-ne-bratimut-pasporti-rf-vijskovi.html
Casper Rud won the first trophy in the season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693675-kasper-ruud-vigrav-persij-trofej-u-sezoni.html
Belingcat installed the primary sources of drained Pentagon documents
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693674-u-bellingcat-vstanovili-persodzerela-zlitih-dokumentiv-pentagonu.html
In the air force explained why the F-16 theme should not go out of the mouth
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693652-u-povitranih-silah-poasnili-comu-tema-f16-ne-mae-shoditi-z-vust.html
The national team of Ukraine won 4 medals on the final day of the International Gymnastics Tournament in Sofia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693666-zbirna-ukraini-vigrala-4-medali-u-zaklucnij-den-miznarodnogo-turniru-z-hudoznoi-gimnastiki-u-sofii.html
Rocket blow to Zaporozhye: in the City Council showed how they eliminate the effects of shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693669-raketnij-udar-po-zaporizzu-u-miskradi-pokazali-ak-usuvaut-naslidki-obstrilu.html
At Avdiyivka and Maryinka directions Russian army shelled Novokalynove, Kamyanka, Stepove, Or...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4450
In the United States, an investigation was started after a new leakage of secret military documents
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693664-u-ssa-rozpocali-rozsliduvanna-pisla-novogo-vitoku-sekretnih-vijskovih-dokumentiv.html
The women's national team of Ukraine has completed the performances of the World Cup with hockey
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693662-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-zaversila-vistupi-na-cs-z-hokeu.html
Macron about war in Ukraine: now is not the time to negotiate
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693658-makron-pro-vijnu-v-ukraini-zaraz-ne-cas-dla-peregovoriv.html
Israel started mobilizing reservists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693705-izrail-rozpocav-mobilizaciu-rezervistiv.html
Donetsk Oblast(08:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42805
Zaporizka Oblast(08:55). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42806
2 person killed, including a child, one another wounded as result of 2 Russian missile strike...
https://t.me/censor_net/27513
Estonia's Foreign Minister: We do not rule out buying F-16 fighters and delivering them to Uk...
https://twitter.com/alarabiya_brk/status/1644959252933378050
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Hremyach of Chernihiv reg...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4446
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Cherneschyna of Kharkiv region; Makiyivka, Nevske, Di...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4448
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4453
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Novopil of Donetsk regi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4452
AT Shakhtarsk Directive Rossian Army Sheled Novomikhailivka, Shakhotrsk, NovoKoCheKANIK, led ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4451
Russian army shelled Seredyna-Buda in Sumy region with artillery
https://t.me/espresotb/59728
Russians strengthen the police regime in the captured territory of Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693438-rosiani-posiluut-policejskij-rezim-na-zahoplenij-teritorii-hersonsini.html
In Ukraine, it is predicted rain, sometimes with a thunderstorm, up to 15 ° heat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693263-v-ukraini-prognozuut-dos-podekudi-iz-grozou-do-15-tepla.html
Zelensky congratulated the Christians of the western rite on Easter: we equally believe in freedom
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693441-zelenskij-privitav-hristian-zahidnogo-obradu-z-velikodnem-mi-odnakovo-virimo-u-svobodu.html
The invaders per day released 495 shells in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693443-rosiani-za-dobu-vipustili-po-hersonsini-495-snaradiv.html
Russian troops hit the Zaporozhye missiles, two dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693446-vijska-rf-vdarili-raketami-po-zaporizzu-dvoe-zagiblih.html
Snak will meet with Biden in Northern Ireland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693451-sunak-zustrinetsa-z-bajdenom-u-pivnicnij-irlandii.html
Russia brought two underwater rockets to the Black Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693453-rosia-vivela-u-corne-more-dva-pidvodnih-raketonosii.html
Epiphanius called on Palm Sunday to pray for Ukrainian defenders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693455-epifanij-zaklikav-u-verbnu-nedilu-molitisa-za-ukrainskih-zahisnikiv.html
High -ranking officials greet the Easter Christians of the Western Rite
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693449-visokoposadovci-vitaut-iz-velikodnem-hristian-zahidnogo-obradu.html
Arthur Turlyak's Memorial
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692455-pamati-policejskogo-artura-turlaka.html
The invaders fired nearly 20 settlements in Zaporozhye, three people were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693457-vorog-obstrilav-majze-20-naselenih-punktiv-na-zaporizzi-troe-ludej-zaginuli.html
Today is the 20th round of the Football Premier League of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693459-sogodni-zaversuetsa-20j-tur-futbolnoi-premerligi-ukraini.html
In the Kherson region, the enemy fired at infrastructure that helps the region to recover - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693461-na-hersonsini-rosiani-obstriluut-infrastrukturu-aka-dopomagae-regionu-vidnovluvatisa-gumenuk.html
The Kremlin is trying to present the situation in Ukraine as controlled - British intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693466-kreml-namagaetsa-podavati-situaciu-v-ukraini-ak-kontrolovanu-britanska-rozvidka.html
The Russians attacked Zaporozhye at night C-300 rockets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693468-rosiani-vnoci-atakuvali-zaporizza-raketami-s300.html
Russian troops in the morning fired the community in Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693471-rosiani-zranku-obstrilali-gromadu-na-sumsini.html
The Armed Forces destroyed 178 150 Russian invaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693470-zsu-znisili-vze-178-150-rosijskih-zagarbnikiv.html
Russians because of bad weather increase the number of shelling in Luhansk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693475-rosiani-cerez-negodu-zbilsuut-kilkist-artobstriliv-na-lugansini.html
Due to Russian aggression in Ukraine, 468 children were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693474-cerez-rosijsku-agresiu-v-ukraini-zaginuli-468-ditej.html
Russian troops use artillery to compensate for reduced offensive potential - ISW
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693477-vijska-rf-vikoristovuut-artileriu-dla-kompensacii-znizenogo-nastupalnogo-potencialu-isw.html
The Russians wounded two residents of Donetsk region a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693478-rosiani-za-dobu-poranili-dvoh-ziteliv-doneccini.html
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled well, Krasne First, Novomlinsk, two -year -old, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4447
In Donetsk, Aerospace destroyed the observation post of Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693480-na-doneccini-aerorozvidniki-znisili-spostereznij-punkt-rosian.html
Next week will pass the first matches of 1/4 finals of football European Cups
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693481-nastupnogo-tizna-projdut-persi-matci-14-finalu-futbolnih-evrokubkiv.html
The French Marseille collapsed a dwelling house, there are victims
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693490-u-marseli-obvalivsa-zitlovij-budinok-e-postrazdali.html
In the south, artillerymen eliminated the enemy capacity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693487-na-pivdni-artileristi-likviduvali-vorozij-punkt-boepostacanna-na-ostrovah.html
Poland is said to be suspended by Ukrainian grain at least by July
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3693494-u-polsi-kazut-so-import-ukrainskogo-zbizza-prizupinili-sonajmense-do-lipna.html
In Turkey, a dust storm is coming from the province of the province
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693498-u-tureccini-na-postrazdali-vid-zemletrusiv-provincii-nasuvaetsa-pilova-bura.html
Lucescuy may need surgery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693497-lucesku-moze-znadobitisa-operacia.html
Missile blow to Zaporozhye: The victim is in a hospital in serious condition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693499-raketnij-udar-po-zaporizzu-postrazdala-perebuvae-v-likarni-u-vazkomu-stani.html
Damage from Russian crimes against the environment of Luhansk region exceeded ₴ 475 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693501-zbitki-vid-zlociniv-rf-proti-dovkilla-lugansini-perevisili-475-milardi.html
The Ukrainians continued for free travel by train from Poland to Germany until the summer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693503-ukraincam-do-lita-prodovzili-bezoplatnij-proizd-potagom-z-polsi-do-nimeccini.html
Epiphanius spent the liturgy on the day of the Lord's entrance to Jerusalem
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693465-epifanij-provodit-liturgiu-u-den-svata-vhodu-gospodnogo-v-erusalim.html
There will be an exhibition in Brussels on the movement of resistance of Ukrainians to Russian occupation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3693509-u-brusseli-vidbudetsa-vistavka-pro-ruh-sprotivu-ukrainciv-rosijskij-okupacii.html
Zaluzhuzhni congratulated the Christians of the Western Rite on Easter and wished the victorious peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693507-zaluznij-privitav-hristian-zahidnogo-obradu-z-velikodnem-i-pobazav-peremoznogo-miru.html
The Russian troops fired at eight regions of Ukraine - erection of OVA in the day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693511-vijska-rf-za-dobu-obstrilali-visim-oblastej-ukraini-zvedenna-ova.html
SES Pyrotechnics received 15 pickups from Tetratech
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693517-pirotehniki-dsns-otrimali-15-pikapiv-vid-kompanii-tetratech.html
The Ukrainian national team is preparing for the start at the European Gymnastics Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693516-zbirna-ukraini-gotuetsa-do-startu-na-cempionati-evropi-zi-sportivnoi-gimnastiki.html
Peacemakers will be trained in Moldova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693523-u-moldovi-projdut-navcanna-mirotvorciv.html
Epiphanius congratulated the western rite with Easter: May faith give strength to fight evil
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693526-epifanij-privitav-viran-zahidnogo-obradu-z-velikodnem-nehaj-vira-dae-sili-na-borotbu-zi-zlom.html
More than 15 enemy military groups were destroyed in the occupied part of the Zaporozhye region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693529-na-okupovanij-castini-zaporizkoi-oblasti-znisili-ponad-15-vorozih-vijskovih-ugrupuvan.html
A large -scale fire broke out in Hamburg, warn of dangerous air pollution
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693530-u-gamburzi-spalahnula-masstabna-pozeza-poperedzaut-pro-nebezpecne-zabrudnenna-povitra.html
In the Swiss Alps, an avalanche came down, nine skiers were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693535-u-svejcarskih-alpah-zijsla-lavina-postrazdali-devat-liznikiv.html
Blue and yellow flowers were planted near Lesya Ukrainka Monument in Sevastopol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3693543-bila-pamatnika-lesi-ukrainki-u-sevastopoli-visadili-sini-ta-zovti-kviti.html
In the Limano -Kupyansk direction in a day there were 202 shelling - a cherry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693553-na-limanokupanskomu-napramku-za-dobu-vidbulosa-202-obstrili-cerevatij-nazvav-vtrati-voroga.html
"Prometheus" and "Epicenter-Podolyany" will determine the winner of the Super League of Ukraine in volleyball
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693546-prometej-ta-epicentrpodolani-viznacat-peremozca-superligi-ukraini-z-volejbolu.html
In Kharkiv, a man in the garden exploded on a mini
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693564-na-harkivsini-colovik-na-vlasnomu-gorodi-pidirvavsa-na-mini.html
Rescuers warn of significant avalanche danger in the Carpathians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693561-ratuvalniki-poperedzaut-pro-znacnu-lavinnu-nebezpeku-v-karpatah.html
Latvia will build more than 60 kilometers of a fence on the border with Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693565-latvia-pobudue-se-ponad-60-kilometriv-parkanu-na-kordoni-z-bilorussu.html
Kalinina took part in a photo shoot for WTA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693563-kalinina-vzala-ucast-u-fotosesii-dla-wta.html
An exhibition of Ukrainian avant -gardists is held at the Estonian Museum of Kumu
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3693566-v-estonskomu-muzei-kumu-prohodit-vistavka-ukrainskih-avangardistiv.html
China simulates blows on targets in Taiwan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693571-kitaj-imitue-udari-po-cilah-na-teritorii-tajvanu.html
Cherevaty: providing the military in Bakhmut continues despite undermining the bridge on chrome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693558-cerevatij-zabezpecenna-vijskovih-u-bahmuti-trivae-popri-pidriv-mostu-na-hromove.html
The enemy has caused the Air Force on the border of Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693569-rosiani-zavdali-aviaudaru-po-prikordonnu-cernigivsini.html
The Russians attacked Kherson region by managed airbots
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693575-rosiani-atakuvali-hersonsinu-kerovanimi-aviabombami.html
French Defense Ministry denies the presence of its military in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693579-minoboroni-francii-zaperecue-prisutnist-svoih-vijskovih-v-ukraini.html
Russian troops fired at the community in Zaporozhye - kissed the school
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693581-vijska-rf-obstrilali-gromadu-na-zaporizzi-pocilili-u-skolu.html
Pope Francis prayed for peace in Ukraine and "Easter Light" for the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693586-papa-francisk-pomolivsa-za-mir-v-ukraini-ta-svitlo-pashi-dla-rosian.html
Mortar invaders fired at the village in Kharkiv region, wounded civilian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693588-zagarbniki-z-minometiv-obstrilali-selo-na-harkivsini-poranenij-civilnij.html
UPL: "Alexandria" in the majority could not beat Chernomorets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693589-upl-oleksandria-u-bilsosti-ne-zmogla-peregrati-cornomorec.html
Dnipro-1 defeated Lviv in the match of the Football Premier League of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693590-dnipro1-rozgromiv-lviv-u-matci-futbolnoi-premerligi-ukraini.html
The Armed Forces in Bakhmut direction use Australian Bushmaster
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693592-zsu-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-vikoristovuut-avstralijski-bushmaster.html
The Ministry of Health told who the prosthetics in Ukraine is funded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693593-u-moz-rozpovili-kim-finansuetsa-protezuvanna-v-ukraini.html
In Kiev and the region in the next hour, a thunderstorm is expected
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3693598-na-kiivsini-u-najblizcu-godinu-ocikuetsa-groza.html
In Zaporozhye, Russians use aircraft, the most affected by Orihiv and Guliaypole
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693576-na-zaporizzi-rosiani-zastosovuut-aviabombi-najbilse-strazdaut-orihiv-i-gulajpole.html
Ukrainian artillerymen destroyed the Russian gun
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693601-ukrainski-artileristi-znisili-rosijsku-garmatu.html
Commander of the Joint Forces on Palm Sunday participated in the Liturgy in the Refectory Temple of Lavra
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693604-komanduvac-obednanih-sil-u-verbnu-nedilu-vzav-ucast-u-liturgii-v-trapeznomu-hrami-lavri.html
The Armed Forces beat over Sumy region enemy drone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693603-zsu-zbili-nad-sumsinou-rosijskij-bezpilotnik.html
CHATGPT Development Company has declared the ChAT Botte security
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3693609-kompaniarozrobnik-chatgpt-zaavila-pro-pidvisenna-rivna-bezpeki-catbota.html
Ukraine's women's football team will play a control match in Estonia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693606-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-futbolu-zigrae-kontrolnij-matc-v-estonii.html
In the Tokmak area in Zaporozhye a series of explosions sounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693608-u-rajoni-tokmaka-na-zaporizzi-prolunala-seria-vibuhiv.html
Up to 10 people under the rubble of two houses in Marseille
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693613-pid-zavalami-dvoh-budinkiv-u-marseli-perebuvaut-do-10-ludej.html
Volunteers from the Netherlands were sent to Ukrainian defenders 13 cars
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3693612-volonteri-z-niderlandiv-dopravili-ukrainskim-zahisnikam-13-avtomobiliv.html
The City Council Secretary of the City Council was burned in Uzhgorod - he talks about arson
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693617-v-uzgorodi-zgorila-avtivka-sekretara-miskradi-vin-kaze-pro-pidpal.html
Austria continued the effect of refugees from Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693615-avstria-prodovzila-diu-posvidcen-bizencam-z-ukraini.html
The Russians fired Druzhkivka in Donetsk region, wounded two civilians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693622-rosiani-obstrilali-druzkivku-na-doneccini-poraneni-dvoe-civilnih.html
The church community in Cherkasy region went to the PCCU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693623-cerkovna-gromada-na-cerkasini-perejsla-do-pcu.html
In Congo, militants attacked the village, killed about 20 people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693626-u-kongo-pid-cas-napadu-bojovikiv-na-selo-zaginuli-blizko-20-ludej.html
The Government plans to start a large -scale demining program as soon as possible
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3693628-urad-planue-aknajsvidse-rozpocati-masstabnu-programu-z-rozminuvanna-smigal.html
Defense forces have destroyed a rare enemy radar station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693630-sili-oboroni-znisili-ridkisnu-radiolokacijnu-stanciu-voroga.html
UPL. Orikhovsky's double helped Kolos to defeat Metalist 1925
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693633-upl-dubl-orihovskogo-dopomig-kolosu-rozgromiti-metalist-1925.html
The Russians reduced the number of shelling of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces in Zaporozhye and Donetsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693632-rosiani-zmensili-kilkist-obstriliv-pozicij-zsu-na-zaporizzi-ta-doneccini.html
Israel has continued humanitarian aid to Ukrainian refugees
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693635-izrail-prodovziv-gumanitarnu-dopomogu-ukrainskim-bizencam.html
Vladimir Konev - MVP of the Basketball Super League season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693643-volodimir-konev-mvp-sezonu-basketbolnoi-superligi.html
In the French Alps as a result of an avalanche, four people were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693642-u-francuzkih-alpah-unaslidok-shodzenna-lavini-zaginuli-cotiri-ludini.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
Poland has changed the rules of importing pets from Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693647-polsa-zminila-pravila-vvezenna-domasnih-tvarin-z-ukraini.html
Media: Bavaria is ready to pay for Kane 100 million euros
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693656-zmi-bavaria-gotova-zaplatiti-za-kejna-100-miljoniv-evro.html
The Armed Forces per day struck 17 areas of focus of the enemy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693657-zsu-za-den-urazili-17-rajoniv-zoseredzenna-voroga.html
Macron about war in Ukraine: now is not the time to negotiate
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693658-makron-pro-vijnu-v-ukraini-zaraz-ne-cas-dla-peregovoriv.html
The women's national team of Ukraine has completed the performances of the World Cup with hockey
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693662-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-zaversila-vistupi-na-cs-z-hokeu.html
In the United States, an investigation was started after a new leakage of secret military documents
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693664-u-ssa-rozpocali-rozsliduvanna-pisla-novogo-vitoku-sekretnih-vijskovih-dokumentiv.html
Rocket blow to Zaporozhye: in the City Council showed how they eliminate the effects of shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693669-raketnij-udar-po-zaporizzu-u-miskradi-pokazali-ak-usuvaut-naslidki-obstrilu.html
The national team of Ukraine won 4 medals on the final day of the International Gymnastics Tournament in Sofia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693666-zbirna-ukraini-vigrala-4-medali-u-zaklucnij-den-miznarodnogo-turniru-z-hudoznoi-gimnastiki-u-sofii.html
In the air force explained why the F-16 theme should not go out of the mouth
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693652-u-povitranih-silah-poasnili-comu-tema-f16-ne-mae-shoditi-z-vust.html
Belingcat installed the primary sources of drained Pentagon documents
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693674-u-bellingcat-vstanovili-persodzerela-zlitih-dokumentiv-pentagonu.html
Casper Rud won the first trophy in the season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693675-kasper-ruud-vigrav-persij-trofej-u-sezoni.html
Inhabitants of the occupied territories are threatened with the removal of children, if they do not take passports of the Russian Federation - military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693679-zitelam-okupovanih-teritorij-pogrozuut-vilucati-ditej-akso-ne-bratimut-pasporti-rf-vijskovi.html
Near Marinka and Avdiivka, the army of the Russian Federation loses up to two mouths daily - defense forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693677-u-rajoni-marinki-ta-avdiivki-armia-rf-sodna-vtracae-do-dvoh-rot-sili-oboroni.html
The first flight of a new train from Lviv arrived in Kramatorsk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693680-do-kramatorska-pribuv-persij-rejs-novogo-potaga-zi-lvova.html
Iran declared a successful test of a new drone Kamikadze
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693654-iran-zaaviv-pro-uspisne-viprobuvanna-novogo-dronakamikadze.html
APL: Liverpool played a draw with Arsenal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693684-apl-liverpul-zigrav-vniciu-z-arsenalom.html
In the Chernivtsi region, due to the accident, the movement on the H-03 highway is complicated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693683-u-cerniveckij-oblasti-cerez-avariu-uskladnenij-ruh-na-avtoslahu-n03.html
In Kamianets -Podilskyi near the Cathedral, the believers began an action - they require a transition to the PCC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693688-u-kamancipodilskomu-bila-soboru-virani-pocali-akciu-vimagaut-perehodu-do-pcu.html
In Ukraine tomorrow will be warm, sometimes light rain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693602-v-ukraini-zavtra-bude-teplo-podekudi-nevelikij-dos.html
The Russians fired two border communities in Sumy region during the day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693691-rosiani-protagom-dna-obstrilali-dvi-prikordonni-gromadi-na-sumsini.html
Zelensky: Russia puts itself in even greater isolation from the world and humanity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693693-zelenskij-rosia-stavit-sebe-u-se-bilsu-izolaciu-vid-svitu-ta-ludstva.html
The President announced the work to strengthen Ukrainian defense next week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693696-prezident-anonsuvav-robotu-z-posilenna-ukrainskoi-oboroni-nastupnogo-tizna.html
Turkey will put on weapons a unique ship to accommodate combat drones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693699-tureccina-postavit-na-ozbroenna-unikalnij-korabel-dla-rozmisenna-bojovih-droniv.html
Mikhailuk scored 16 points in the match with Cleveland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693700-mihajluk-nabrav-16-ocok-u-matci-z-klivlendom.html
Joshua: My next battle is scheduled for December
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693702-dzosua-mij-nastupnij-bij-zaplanovano-na-gruden.html
In the Russian Federation stolen Ukrainian children are punished for refusing to sing the anthem of Russia - Gerasimchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693637-u-rf-vikradenih-ukrainskih-ditej-karaut-za-vidmovu-spivati-gimn-rosii-gerasimcuk.html
Yarmolenko was distinguished for Al Ain in the match against Haur-Faccan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693703-armolenko-vidznacivsa-za-al-ajn-u-matci-proti-haurfakkana.html
In Austria, former military, ambassadors and experts called for a new doctrine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693591-v-avstrii-kolisni-vijskovi-posli-j-eksperti-zaklikali-uhvaliti-novu-doktrinu-bezpeki.html
Israel started mobilizing reservists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693705-izrail-rozpocav-mobilizaciu-rezervistiv.html
The occupiers set an additional fence to enclose entrances to the ZPP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/okupanty-vstanovlyuyut-dodatkovyj-parkan-shhob-ogorodyty-pidyizdy-do-zaes/
Norwegian National Guard teaches Ukrainian recruits to lead a rifle battle on the forefront
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/norvezka-naczionalna-gvardiya-navchaye-ukrayinskyh-novobrancziv/
How to support the military family who went to war - the advice of a psychologist
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/yak-pidtrymaty-rodynu-vijskovogo/
Ukrainian T-64 tanks will be overwhelmed in Poland-Ukroboronprom
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/ukrayinski-tanky-t-64-budut-kapitalno-vidnovlyuvatysya-na-terytoriyi-polshhi-ukroboronprom/
How to behave while passing checkpoints
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/pravyla-yak-povodytysya-pid-chas-prohodzhennya-blokpostiv/
Sanctions in action - Ukraine and the world united against Russian aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/sankcziyi-v-diyi-ukrayina-i-svit-obyednalysya-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi/
Captive servicemen are entitled to partially reimbursement of mortgage lending
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/na-mykolayivshhyni-chastkovo-vidshkodovuyut-ipotechni-kredyty-vijskovopolonenyh/
The Major of Russia tries to assign the Ukrainian artist Borovikovsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/krayina-maroder-rosiya-namagayetsya-prysvoyity/
The United Kingdom will teach 20,000 Ukrainian soldiers in 2023
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/velyka-brytaniya-pragne-navchyty-20-tysyach-ukrayinskyh-soldativ-u-2023-roczi/
During the day the enemy lost 14 UAVs and 5 stations of radio -electronic wrestling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/za-dobu-vorog-vtratyv-14-bpla-ta-5-stanczij-radioelektronnoyi-borotby/
The occupiers terrorize the inhabitants of the Kherson region by raids, checks and searches
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/okupanty-teroryzuyut-zhyteliv-tot-hersonshhyny-rejdamy-perevirkamy-ta-obshukamy/
Russians do not stop applying rocket and aviation terror tactics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/rosiyany-ne-prypynyayut-zastosovuvaty-taktyku-raketnogo-ta-aviaczijnogo-teroru/
I sincerely congratulate Ukrainians and all Christians who celebrate Easter today - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/vidznachayut-velykden-prezydent-ukrayiny/
During the day, the defenders of Ukraine reflected more than 50 racist attacks in four directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/zahysnyky-ukrayiny-vidbyly-ponad-50-atak-rashystiv/
The International Institute noted Ukraine's success in counteracting Russian cybergression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/mizhnarodnyj-instytut-vidznachyv-uspihy-ukrayiny-v-protydiyi-rosijskij-kiberagresiyi/
How to participate in a grant veterans program on your own business
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/yak-vzyaty-uchast-u-grantovij-programi-dlya-veteraniv-na-vlasnyj-biznes/
The Army Army game appeared in the Action - Manage Virtual drones and Donsta on the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/u-diyi-zyavylasya-gra-armiya-droniv-kerujte-virtualnymy-bezpilotnykamy-ta-donatte-na-zsu/
The effects of enemy shelling in Zaporozhye have been eliminated
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/likvidovano-naslidky-vorozhogo-obstrilu-u-zaporizhzhi/
Enemy loss per day: minus 470 invaders, 4 BBM and 14 drones - the General Staff of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-minus-470-okupantiv-4-bbm-ta-14-bezpilotnykiv-genshtab-zsu/
May the feast of Christ the Resurrection give us the insubordination of the spirit and the victorious peace - Valery Zaluzhny
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/nehaj-svyato-hrystovogo-voskresinnya-daruye-nam-neskorenist-duhu-i-peremozhnyj-myr-valerij-zaluzhnyj/
During the day, rescuers went over a hundred times to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-ponad-sto-raziv-vyyizdyly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-20/
Russia brought two underwater rocket launchers to the Black Sea - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/rosiya-vyvela-u-chorne-more-dva-pidvodnyh-raketonosiyi-natalya-gumenyuk/
The United Kingdom is testing the latest ground combat work
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/velyka-brytaniya-vyprobovuye-novitni-nazemni-bojovi-roboty/
Due to Russian aggression in Ukraine, 468 children were killed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/cherez-rosijsku-agresiyu-v-ukrayini-zagynuly-468-ditej/
During the day of the Pyrotechnics of the SESS, almost 300 explosive items and airbags were neutralized
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-majzhe-300-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-ta-aviabombu/
Australian Bushmaster work effectively in the Bakhmut direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/avstralijski-bushmaster-efektyvno-praczyuyut-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: more than 79 thousand military crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-79-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
The enemy was fired at the border of Chernihiv region again
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/vorog-vchergove-obstrilyav-prykordonnya-chernigivshhyny-2/
Every day in Bakhmut the enemy loses more than a hundred invaders - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/shhodoby-v-bahmuti-protyvnyk-vtrachaye-ponad-sotnyu-okupantiv-sergij-cherevatyj/
The Armed Forces destroyed the ammunition point of the Russian Federation in Kherson Islands
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/zsu-znyshhyly-punkt-boyepostachannya-vijsk-rf-na-ostrovah-hersonshhyny/
A meeting with the families of terroborons took place at the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-iz-rodynamy-teroboroncziv/
Last day Russian troops fired 144 settlements of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/mynuloyi-doby-rosijski-vijska-obstrilyaly-144-naseleni-punkty-ukrayiny/
In Lviv presented a book of poems of the deceased Hero of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/u-lvovi-prezentuvaly-knygu-virshiv-zagyblogo-geroya-ukrayiny/
Due to the fear of a counter -offensive, the occupiers in Zaporozhye intensively equip and change defensive positions - Alexei Dmitrashkivsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/cherez-strah-pered-kontrnastupom-okupanty-na-zaporizhzhi-intensyvno-oblashtovuyut-ta-minuyut-oboronni-pozycziyi-oleksij-dmytrashkivskyj/
Documented 10 beats in Donetsk per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/zadokumentovano-10-udariv-po-donechchyni-za-dobu/
During the week of Ukraine's defense forces destroyed more than three thousand invaders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/za-tyzhden-syly-oborony-ukrayiny-znyshhyly-ponad-try-tysyachi-okupantiv/
The coordination headquarters took place with the Marines families
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodynamy-morpihiv-3/
Ukrainian missile troops and artillery struck 4 SPRs, 11 districts
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/ukrayinski-raketni-vijska-ta-artyleriya-urazyly-4-zrk-11-rajoniv-zoseredzhennya-zhyvoyi-syly-ta-5-stanczij-reb-rosiyan/
During the day, the Ukrainian military repelled more than 40 attacks by Russians, 20 of them near Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/protyagom-doby-ukrayinski-vijskovi-vidbyly-ponad-40-atak-rosiyan-20-iz-nyh-bilya-bahmuta/
The occupiers of this era have struck 23 aviation and 4 missile strikes in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/okupanty-cziyeyi-doby-zavdaly-po-ukrayini-23-aviaczijnyh-ta-4-raketnyh-udary/
In Kherson and Zaporozhye, the occupiers are increasing "defensive borders"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/na-hersonshhyni-ta-zaporizhzhi-okupanty-naroshhuyut-oboronni-rubezhi/
In the Luhansk region, Russian invaders abduct civilians who support Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/na-luganshhyni-rosijski-zagarbnyky-vykradayut-czyvilnyh-gromadyan-yaki-pidtrymuyut-ukrayinu/
We now need planes that can at least be combined with Russian Su-30 and Su-35-Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/nyni-nam-potribni-litaky-yaki-zmozhut-hocha-by-na-rivni-borotysya-z-rosijskymy-su-30-i-su-35-yurij-ignat/
The main fakes that promoted the Russian media this week
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/osnovni-fejky-yaki-prosuvaly-rosijski-zmi-czogo-tyzhnya/
Military Russian Federation on "Grandfather's Experience" developed techniques to combat Leopard
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/vijskovi-rf-na-dosvidi-didiv-rozrobyly-metodychky-dlya-borotby-z-leopard/
In Donetsk, our Marines eliminate the enemy with shock drones
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/na-donechchyni-nashi-morpihy-likvidovuyut-voroga-udarnymy-dronamy/
We must be sure that evil is losing, we must approach the loss of evil, and we are approaching - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/mayemo-buty-vpevneni-shho-zlo-prograye-mayemo-nablyzhaty-progrash-zla-i-my-nablyzhayemo-prezydent-ukrayiny/
The offensive of the Russian Federation has choked and fades along the entire front line - isw
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/nastup-rf-zahlynuvsya-i-zgasaye-vzdovzh-usiyeyi-liniyi-frontu-isw/
Instructors of the royal regiment of the United Kingdom teach Ukrainians to defend and step on
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/instruktory-korolivskogo-polku-velykoyi-brytaniyi-vchat-ukrayincziv-oboronyatys-j-nastupaty/
Sanctions against Russia as of April 9
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/sankcziyi-proty-rosiyi-stanom-na-9-kvitnya/
Short. War. Day 411. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/korotko-vijna-den-411-videodajdzhest/
Turkey prepares for launching satellite of own production
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3693659-tureccina-gotue-do-zapusku-suputnik-vlasnogo-virobnictva.html
Turkey prepares for launching satellite of own production
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3693659-tureccina-gotue-do-zapusku-suputnik-vlasnogo-virobnictva.html
Opposition in Tbilisi held a rally for the resignation of the government and the European course of Georgia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693706-opozicia-u-tbilisi-provela-miting-za-vidstavku-uradu-ta-evropejskij-kurs-gruzii.html
We are preparing to integrate into the peaceful life of our defenders and defenders - Yulia Laputina
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/my-gotuyemosya-do-integracziyi-v-myrne-zhyttya-nashyh-zahysnykiv-i-zahysnycz-yuliya-laputina/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====