乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-07-12

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Krasno Pershe, Novomolinsk, Dvorichny, West, MAS ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5328
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske, Ver...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5329
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Bogdanivka, Chrome, Time Yar, Ivanov ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5330
At Avdiyivka direction Russian army shelled Avdiyivka, Pervomayske and Nevelske of Donetsk re...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5331
At Shakhtarske direction Russian army shelled Vuhledar, Storozheve, Blahodatne of Donetsk reg...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5333
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Novodarivka, Levadne, Malynivka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5334
The SES received 14 specialized cars for pyrotechnic units from UNDP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/dsns-otrymala-14-speczializovanyh-avto-dlya-pirotehnichnyh-pidrozdiliv-vid-proon/
The draft law on strengthening defense in the context of Euro -Atlantic integration of Ukraine is considered
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/rozglyanuto-zakonoproyekt-shhodo-zmicznennya-oboronozdatnosti-u-konteksti-yevroatlantychnoyi-integracziyi-ukrayiny/
EVERYONE: Over 1,400 applicants received a financial assistance for housing repair
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/yevidnovlennya-ponad-1400-zayavnykiv-otrymaly-groshovu-dopomogu-na-remont-zhytla/
76% of Ukrainian refugees plan or hope to return home - UN survey
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/76-ukrayinskyh-bizhencziv-planuyut-abo-spodivayutsya-povernutysya-dodomu-opytuvannya-oon/
Up to 15 years in prison sentenced a man who served the so -called police DNR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/do-15-rokiv-uvyaznennya-zasudzheno-cholovika-yakyj-sluzhyv-tak-zvanym-policzejskym-dnr/
Over the past day, our aviation has made 15 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/za-mynulu-dobu-nasha-aviacziya-zavdala-15-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
It remains high probability of rocket launchers and air strikes in Ukraine - General Staff
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/zalyshayetsya-vysokoyu-jmovirnist-zavdavannya-raketnyh-ta-aviaudariv-po-ukrayini-genshtab/
Defense forces per day destroyed more than half a thousand invaders, helicopter and 17 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/syly-oborony-za-dobu-znyshhyly-shhe-ponad-piv-tysyachi-okupantiv-gelikopter-ta-17-bbm/
The air defense forces that night destroyed 26 of 28 drones
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/syly-ppo-cziyeyi-nochi-znyshhyly-26-iz-28-droniv-kamikadze-ta-rozviduvalnyj-bpla-typu-zala/
Ukrainians are urged
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/iryna-vereshhuk-zaklykaye-ukrayincziv-podavatysya-do-rezervu-praczivnykiv-dlya-roboty-na-deokupovanyh-terytoriyah/
13 years behind the lattice will be held by LNR fighter who captured Lisichansk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/13-rokiv-za-gratamy-provede-bojovyk-lnr-yakyj-zahoplyuvav-lysychansk/
The state will increase government order for the training of doctors, rehabilitologists and social workers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/derzhava-zbilshyt-derzhzamovlennya-na-pidgotovku-medykiv-reabilitologiv-i-soczpraczivnykiv/
Our defenders successfully holding back enemy attacks in all directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/nashi-zahysnyky-uspishno-strymuyut-ataky-voroga-na-vsih-napryamkah/
NATO summit began in Lithuania: what to wait for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/u-lytvi-rozpochynayetsya-samit-nato-chogo-chekaty-ukrayini/
The Cabinet of Ministers has approved the project of the Law of Ukraine on the development of adaptive sports
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/kabinetom-ministriv-shvaleno-proyekt-zakonu-ukrayiny-shhodo-rozvytku-adaptyvnogo-sportu/
Introduction to the EU: Zelensky and the Chairman of the Euro Council discussed the possibility of starting negotiations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734975-vstup-do-es-zelenskij-i-golova-evroradi-obgovorili-mozlivist-startu-peregovoriv.html
Shakhtar will receive compensation for the transition of Solomon - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734965-sahtar-otrimae-kompensaciu-za-perehid-solomona-zmi.html
The Russian army fired a house in Kherson, a man was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734936-rosijska-armia-obstrilala-budinok-u-hersoni-zaginuv-colovik.html
The enemy hit the artillery on the border village in Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734940-vorog-vdariv-z-artilerii-po-prikordonnomu-selu-na-harkivsini.html
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Hirsk of Chernihiv region...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5337
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Krasno Pershe, Novomolinsk, Dvorichny, West, MAS ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5338
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske, Ver...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5339
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Bogdanivka, Chrome, Time Yar, Ivanov ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5340
At Avdiyivka direction Russian army shelled Avdiyivka, Pervomayske and Nevelske of Donetsk re...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5341
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian of the Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, Marynka, St. George and Andaa. ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5342
At Shakhtarske direction Russian army shelled Vuhledar, Storozheve, Blahodatne of Donetsk reg...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5343
In Mariupol there are explosions - Andryushchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735097-u-mariupoli-lunaut-vibuhi-andrusenko.html
Defense forces advanced on the southern flank near Bakhmut - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735100-sili-oboroni-prosunulisa-na-pivdennomu-flanzi-bila-bahmuta-malar.html
The Prime Minister of the Netherlands: Ukraine's future - in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735095-premer-niderlandiv-majbutne-ukraini-v-nato.html
The Ministry of Health told that patients will receive in the event of a draft law on Medkanabis
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735087-u-moz-rozpovili-so-otrimaut-pacienti-u-razi-uhvalenna-zakonoproektu-pro-medkanabis.html
Her Zhpapa discussed the security situation in the Black Sea region with an American colleague
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735085-neizpapa-obgovoriv-bezpekovu-situaciu-v-cornomorskomu-regioni-z-amerikanskim-kolegou.html
Putin is still mistakenly believed to be able to survive Ukraine - Biden
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735084-putin-dosi-pomilkovo-vvazae-so-zmoze-pereziti-ukrainu-bajden.html
Ukrainian air defense shot down 11 of 15 Russian Shahed drones overnight
https://t.me/kpszsu/3219
2 person wounded as result of Russian drones attack in Cherkasy district
https://t.me/cherkaskaODA/5351
Long-term aid plan for Ukraine to show Russia time 'not on its side', says US
https://twitter.com/afp/status/1679018212426665984
President of the European Council: The European Union is ready to contribute to providing sec...
https://twitter.com/AlArabiya_Brk/status/1679031875279495169
NATO summit statement: Russia is the most important threat to peace and stability in the Euro...
https://twitter.com/AlArabiya_Brk/status/1679044970253090818
In Vilnius President of Ukraine Zelensky held meetings with PM of Canada Justin Trudeau, Chan...
https://twitter.com/ZelenskyyUa/status/1679044205245595649
Shelling reported in Kherson
https://twitter.com/kava2402/status/1679047909461962753
Ukrainian defence forces have advanced to the north and south of Bakhmut, have partial succes...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5336
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Novodarivka, Levadne, Malynivka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5344
Kremlin says Western security guarantees for Ukraine are "dangerous" for Russia, adds that a ...
https://twitter.com/guyelster/status/1679062728676081664
2 servicemen killed, 4 wounded as result of landmine explosion in Rivne region
https://twitter.com/racurs_ua/status/1679063059959287810
PM of Australia: I’ve just met with President @ZelenskyyUa and confirmed we’ll provide 30 mor...
https://twitter.com/AlboMP/status/1679054668293607426
Air defense was active near Zaporizhzhia against a drone
https://t.me/lachentyt/31648
Jens Stoltenberg: An honour to welcome President @ZelenskyyUa to our NATOSummit for the inaug...
https://twitter.com/jensstoltenberg/status/1679080421886251011
President of Ukraine Zelensky met with President of France Macron
https://t.me/babel/35455
6 person wounded as result of explosion in Zaporizhzhia
https://t.me/suspilnenews/22414
Ukrainian startup fund funded 352 teams for $ 8.2 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3735098-ukrainskij-fond-startapiv-profinansuvav-352-komandi-na-82-miljona.html
Ukraine seeks to get a "roaming visa waiver" from the EU on a permanent basis - Denis Shmigal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/ukrayina-pragne-otrymaty-roumingovyj-bezviz-iz-yes-na-postijnij-osnovi-denys-shmygal/
Macron: The G-7 declaration on the security framework to support Ukraine reflects long-term s...
https://twitter.com/AsharqNewsBrk/status/1679131948499828750
NATO Secretary General: What is happening in Ukraine is a war of attrition and logistical sup...
https://twitter.com/AsharqNewsBrk/status/1679131237108133891
"We make it clear that our support will last long and into the future.", - President Biden sa...
https://twitter.com/CBSNews/status/1679123540635705346
Macron: Zelensky's demands for more aid are legitimate to protect his country and people
https://twitter.com/AsharqNewsBrk/status/1679132930579349506
President Volodymyr Zelensky began a meeting with President Joe Biden at the NATO summit in V...
https://twitter.com/censor_net/status/1679133482855936007
.@pzydzpl @AndrzejDuda: As it is emphasized, NATO's nuclear umbrella extends over all the sta...
https://twitter.com/TOPTVPINFO/status/1679133992048549894
President Zelensky responded to question as to whether NATO was a success considering his fru...
https://twitter.com/JonLemire/status/1679132872454578176
President Erdoğan on the Grain corridor: Zelensky favors the continuation of the initiative, ...
https://twitter.com/AACanli/status/1679139498414800897
Musk has introduced a new XAI company that should “understand the true nature of the universe”
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3735096-mask-predstaviv-novu-kompaniu-xai.html
89% of Ukrainians want to see Ukraine in NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/89-ukrayincziv-hochut-bachyty-ukrayinu-v-skladi-nato/
1 person killed, another wounded as result of shelling in Kherson
https://t.me/kherson_non_fake/8951
In the Chernihiv region the car came under the train - three dead, among them a child
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3735119-na-cernigivsini-avtivka-potrapila-pid-potag-troe-zagiblih-sered-nih-ditina.html
UEFA Champions League: "Sheriff" with a blacksmith won minimally in Romania "Farulu"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735121-liga-cempioniv-uefa-serif-iz-kovalem-minimalno-postupivsa-v-rumunii-farulu.html
A motorcycle exploded at Zemska street in Feodosia, 2 reportedly wounded
https://t.me/ENews112/14535
1.7 billion hryvnias allocated a government to restore medical institutions in 9 regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/17-mlrd-gryven-vydilyv-kabinet-ministriv-na-vidnovlennya-medzakladiv-u-9-oblastyah-ukrayiny/
Ukraine in NATO will be able to guarantee the safety of its eastern flank - deputy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735123-ukraina-v-nato-zmoze-garantuvati-bezpeku-jogo-shidnogo-flangu-deputatka.html
Zelenskaya in Vilnius visited the Ukrainian Center for Migrants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3734885-zelenska-u-vilnusi-vidvidala-ukrainskij-centr-dla-pereselenciv.html
Russians in a day 28 times fired at Sumy region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735113-rosiani-za-den-28-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
The third summit of the first ladies and gentlemen will take place in the fall in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734914-tretij-samit-persih-ledi-ta-dzentlmeniv-vidbudetsa-voseni-v-kievi.html
During the day, the enemy caused 65 air strikes and carried out 71 shelling with RSZV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/protyagom-doby-vorog-zavdav-ponad-65-aviaudariv-i-zdijsnyv-71-obstril-z-rszv/
Sanatoriums in Crimea are filled by the Russian military - human rights activists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3734915-sanatorii-v-krimu-zapovneni-rosijskimi-vijskovimi-pravozahisniki.html
The National Bank has canceled licenses of an insurance company
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734916-nacbank-anuluvav-licenzii-strahovij-kompanii.html
Solsky discussed the issue of transit of Ukrainian agro -products with Romanian Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734919-solskij-obgovoriv-z-rumunskim-ministrom-pitanna-tranzitu-ukrainskoi-agroprodukcii.html
In Kiev conducted joint training in the protection of the city
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3734918-u-kievi-proveli-spilni-navcanna-iz-zahistu-mista.html
FIFA forbade Al-Pomrazor to register new players
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734921-fifa-zaboronila-alnasru-reestruvati-novih-gravciv.html
Ukraine's women's national team will boycott the fighting tournament in Hungary
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734924-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-bojkotuvatime-turnir-iz-borotbi-v-ugorsini.html
Ukraine managed to return the bodies of 19 dead in Russian captivity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734926-v-ukrainu-povernuli-tila-19-zagiblih-u-rosijskomu-poloni.html
Biden will discuss with Zelensky supply of long -range missiles - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734925-bajden-obgovorit-iz-zelenskim-postacanna-dalekobijnih-raket-bilij-dim.html
In Rivne region, two soldiers were killed during detonation of explosives, four wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3734927-na-rivnensini-pid-cas-detonacii-vibuhivki-zaginuli-dvoe-vijskovih-cetvero-poraneni.html
In Belarus, they plan to attract "Wagnerians" in the preparation of special forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734932-u-bilorusi-planuut-zaluciti-vagnerivciv-do-pidgotovki-specpriznacenciv.html
Explosion in Zaporozhye: In hospital - six children with injuries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3734930-vibuh-u-zaporizzi-v-likarni-sestero-ditej-iz-travmami-serednoi-vazkosti.html
UNESCO experts carry out 3D scanning of Russia destroyed by Russia in the center of Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3734934-eksperti-unesko-provodat-3dskanuvanna-zrujnovanoi-rosieu-budivli-v-centri-lvova.html
G7 leaders agreed at the NATO summit Declaration of Supporting Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734931-g7-pogodila-na-samiti-nato-deklaraciu-pro-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
In Transcarpathia detained the FSB agent who helped the Russians seize Severodonetsk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3734815-na-zakarpatti-zatrimali-agenta-fsb-akij-dopomagav-rosianam-zahopiti-severodoneck.html
A charity concert was held in Riga to support the Kherson Regional Clinic
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3734933-u-rizi-projsov-blagodijnij-koncert-na-pidtrimku-hersonskoi-oblasnoi-kliniki.html
Journalists have shown samples of a female military uniform
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3734935-zurnalistam-prodemonstruvali-zrazki-zinocoi-vijskovoi-formi.html
Instant response: The Armed Forces stopped one of the attempts of the Russian troops breakthrough
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734846-mitteva-reakcia-ak-zsu-zupinili-odnu-zi-sprob-prorivu-rosijskih-vijsk.html
In Ukraine tomorrow will be hot, in the west - raining with thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3734853-v-ukraini-zavtra-bude-spekotno-na-zahodi-dosi-z-grozami.html
In the Kyiv region, a cement factory and a line from the construction of modular homes were launched
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3734949-na-kiivsini-zapustili-cementnij-zavod-i-liniu-zi-sporudzenna-modulnih-budinkiv.html
NATO Summit Expert: We got less than hoped - but the results are satisfactory
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734955-ekspert-pro-samit-nato-mi-otrimali-mense-niz-rozrahovuvali-ale-rezultati-zadovilni.html
Zelensky and Biden held a meeting in Vilnius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734962-zelenskij-i-bajden-provodat-zustric-u-vilnusi.html
In Serbia, the court denied Ukraine the extradition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3734958-u-serbii-sud-vidmoviv-ukraini-v-ekstradicii-eksgenerala-sbu-naumova-zmi.html
NATO Summit Decision in Vilnius corresponds to the Ministry of Ukraine-Stephanishin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734960-risenna-samitu-nato-u-vilnusi-vidpovidae-programiminimum-ukraini-stefanisina.html
In Vilnius, good decisions were made for Ukraine - Scholtz
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734963-u-vilnusi-uhvalili-dobri-dla-ukraini-risenna-solc.html
Kaliber missile launches were reported from the Black Sea, over Mykolaiv region now
https://t.me/vanek_nikolaev/15965
In Zaporozhye, the number of victims from the explosion increased to 18
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3734967-u-zaporizzi-kilkist-postrazdalih-vid-vibuhu-zrosla-do-18.html
Shakhtar will receive compensation for the transition of Solomon - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734965-sahtar-otrimae-kompensaciu-za-perehid-solomona-zmi.html
Air raid alert in Kyiv and Kyiv region due to drone threat
https://t.me/kpszsu/3235
Introduction to the EU: Zelensky and the Chairman of the Euro Council discussed the possibility of starting negotiations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734975-vstup-do-es-zelenskij-i-golova-evroradi-obgovorili-mozlivist-startu-peregovoriv.html
The G7 declaration symbolizes for Ukraine the presence of "umbrella" in the form of security guarantees - Yermak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734968-deklaracia-g7-simvolizue-dla-ukraini-naavnist-parasolki-u-vigladi-garantij-bezpeki-ermak.html
Long -term Ukraine's security commitments will not depend on its reforms - Biden
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734969-dovgostrokovi-zobovazanna-sodo-bezpeki-ukraini-ne-zalezatimut-vid-ii-reform-bajden.html
The court in Russia left the Crimean Political Prisoner of Muratov.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3734971-sud-u-rosii-zalisiv-cinnim-virok-krimskomu-politvaznu-muratovu.html
In Malin in Zhytomyr region renamed the street in honor of Valery Zaluzhny
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3734976-na-zitomirsini-perejmenuvali-vulicu-u-malini-na-cest-valeria-zaluznogo.html
UkrPoshta will release a brand with f-16 fighters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3734978-ukrposta-vipustit-marku-z-vinisuvacami-f16.html
Famous second pair of Wimbledon semi -finalists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734980-vidoma-druga-para-pivfinalistok-vimbldonu.html
The Ministry of Economy together with business is working on the development of the Plan of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734984-minekonomiki-spilno-z-biznesom-pracuut-nad-rozrobkou-planu-ukraini.html
Ukraine can increase agricultural production in 10 years to 200 million tons - Ministry of Agrarian Policy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734985-ukraina-moze-za-10-rokiv-narostiti-agrarne-virobnictvo-do-200-miljoniv-tonn-minagropolitiki.html
Poland in the event of Russian aggression will protect up to 100,000 military from NATO countries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734991-polsu-u-razi-rosijskoi-agresii-zahisatime-do-100-tisac-vijskovih-iz-krain-nato-duda.html
The "servant of the people" will exclude from the faction MP Marchenko, who was exposed on a bribe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734988-sluga-narodu-viklucit-iz-frakcii-deputatku-marcenko-aku-vikrili-na-habari.html
The President's Office has published a G7 declaration on Ukraine support
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734990-ofis-prezidenta-opublikuvav-deklaraciu-g7-pro-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
In the air force told how many "shahas" destroyed this night
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/u-povitryanyh-sylah-rozpovily-skilky-shahediv-znyshhyly-cziyeyi-nochi-2/
99% of European Business Association companies have been fully resumed in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734992-v-ukraini-povnistu-vidnovili-robotu-99-kompanij-evropejskoi-biznes-asociacii.html
Usik arrived in London for a second press conference before the Duba's battle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734997-usik-pribuv-do-londona-na-drugu-preskonferenciu-pered-boem-z-dubua.html
Counterintelligence of the Russian Federation detained and isolated General Surovikin - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735001-kontrrozvidka-rf-zatrimala-ta-izoluvala-generala-surovikina-zmi.html
The Ukrainian team for beach football can boycott the World Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734999-zbirna-ukraini-z-plaznogo-futbolu-moze-bojkotuvati-cs.html
The White Wolf special unit has destroyed more than a dozen units of Russian technology
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735002-specpidrozdil-bilij-vovk-znisiv-se-ponad-desatok-odinic-rosijskoi-tehniki.html
Biden: I look forward to celebrating the official membership of Ukraine in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735004-bajden-cekau-z-neterpinnam-sobi-vidsvatkuvati-oficijne-clenstvo-ukraini-v-nato.html
The Armed Forces with SCalp missiles will be taken by the Kerch Bridge and Crimea under fire control - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3735006-zsu-iz-raketami-scalp-vizmut-kercenskij-mist-i-krim-pid-vognevij-kontrol-ekspert.html
Sunflower processing has increased in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735008-v-ukraini-zrosla-pererobka-sonasniku.html
Elections in Ukraine will definitely take place after the end of the war - MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735009-vibori-v-ukraini-odnoznacno-vidbudutsa-pisla-zaversenna-vijni-deputatka.html
The head of the Kiev Ova will be sued by the commission's decision to squeeze it in the NABU competition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735010-golova-kiivskoi-ova-suditimetsa-cerez-risenna-komisii-vidsiati-jogo-na-konkursi-v-nabu.html
In the Donetsk region through Russian shelling, seven people wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3735012-na-doneccini-cerez-rosijski-obstrili-poraneni-semero-ludej.html
Zelensky is convinced that Ukraine will become a member of NATO after the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735016-zelenskij-perekonanij-ukraina-pisla-vijni-stane-clenom-nato.html
The occupiers fired again Kherson - a wounded woman
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735019-okupanti-znovu-obstrilali-herson-poranena-zinka.html
Zelensky: The meeting with Biden lasted at least twice as long as planned
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735018-zelenskij-zustric-iz-bajdenom-trivala-sonajmense-vdvici-dovse-niz-planuvalosa.html
The court returned the "Medvedchuk" Tube to state property
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735020-sud-povernuv-trubu-medvedcuka-u-derzavnu-vlasnist.html
Frozen conflict is not a victory for Ukraine - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735024-zamorozenij-konflikt-ne-e-peremogou-dla-ukraini-zelenskij.html
Doctors from Poland - Moravetsky were admitted to Saakashvili
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735023-do-saakasvili-dopustili-likariv-z-polsi-moraveckij.html
The Ukrainian Basketball team was published in the Euro-2023 playoffs (U20), beating Kosovo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735021-zbirna-ukraini-z-basketbolu-vijsla-u-plejoff-evro2023-u20-obigravsi-kosovo.html
At the Ministry of Health, they created a group to develop mechanisms of interaction of state and private medicine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735022-pri-moz-stvorili-grupu-z-napracuvanna-mehanizmiv-vzaemodii-derzavnoi-i-privatnoi-medicini.html
Zelensky: We will never give our land - even one village where one grandfather lives
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735029-zelenskij-mi-nikoli-ne-viddamo-svoei-zemli-navit-odnogo-sela-de-zive-odin-did.html
Duda named two important solutions for Ukraine at NATO summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735033-duda-nazvav-dva-vazlivi-risenna-dla-ukraini-na-samiti-nato.html
Ludmila Kichenok will play for the first time in the final of the Wimbledon tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735030-ludmila-kicenok-vperse-zigrae-u-finali-vimbldonskogo-turniru.html
Heavy battles go on five directions of the front - 22 collisions per day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735035-vazki-boi-jdut-na-pati-napramkah-frontu-22-zitknenna-za-dobu.html
Canada will transmit the latest drones to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735036-kanada-peredast-ukraini-novitni-kameri-dla-droniv.html
Zelensky - About supply atacms: There are no decisions yet
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735037-zelenskij-pro-postacanna-atacms-risen-poki-nemae.html
Dynamo has played a draw with Switzerland champion at a meeting in Austria
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735101-dinamo-zigralo-vniciu-z-cempionom-svejcarii-na-zborah-v-avstrii.html
Erdogan commented on the return to Ukraine of the defenders of "Azovstal"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735039-erdogan-prokomentuvav-povernenna-v-ukrainu-zahisnikiv-azovstali.html
Ukrainian soldiers were eliminated more than 500 invaders per day, 17 artisystems and 7 BBM were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/ukrayinski-voyiny-za-dobu-likviduvaly-ponad-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-17-artsystem-ta-7-bbm/
Zelensky thanked Britain for all the help provided
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735043-zelenskij-podakuvav-britanii-za-vsu-nadanu-dopomogu.html
In the Nikolaev area, the forces of the air defense were destroyed by four Russian drones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735044-na-mikolaivsini-sili-ppo-znisili-cotiri-rosijski-bezpilotniki.html
Wallace compared Shogu and Gerasimov with the famous comedian duo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735045-volles-porivnav-sojgu-j-gerasimova-iz-vidomim-duetom-komikiv.html
Naussed on the formulation of Ukraine's prospects in NATO: it was the maximum possible
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735046-nauseda-pro-formuluvanna-perspektiv-ukraini-v-nato-ce-buv-maksimum-mozlivogo.html
Kubilus considers the mistake of compeling Ukraine to go on negotiations because of fear of instability in the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735047-kubilus-vvazae-pomilkou-zmusuvati-ukrainu-piti-na-peregovori-cerez-strah-nestabilnosti-u-rf.html
Ukraine is already starting to develop bilateral documents with garants - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735050-ukraina-vze-pocinae-rozroblati-dvostoronni-dokumenti-z-derzavamigarantami-zelenskij.html
The Russians fired from heavy artillery Nikopol district
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735051-rosiani-obstrilali-z-vazkoi-artilerii-nikopolskij-rajon.html
NATO summit in Vilnius brought Ukraine closer to victory - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735053-samit-nato-u-vilnusi-nabliziv-ukrainu-do-peremogi-zelenskij.html
The Canadian Diaspora criticized NATO's refusal to grant membership of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3735054-kanadska-diaspora-rozkritikuvala-vidmovu-nato-vid-nadanna-clenstva-ukraini.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
Volker - about the results of NATO Vilnius Summit: almost the same as in Bucharest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735055-volker-pro-rezultati-vilnuskogo-samitu-nato-prakticno-te-same-so-v-buharesti.html
Zelensky against the location of other armed forces in Ukraine before NATO accession
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735058-zelenskij-proti-roztasuvanna-v-ukraini-insih-zbrojnih-sil-do-vstupu-v-nato.html
The training of Ukrainian pilots on F-16 can last up to eight months-the Netherlands Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735057-navcanna-ukrainskih-pilotiv-na-f16-moze-trivati-do-vosmi-misaciv-minoboroni-niderlandiv.html
During a meeting in Vilnius, Zelensky informed Biden about the situation at the front
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735059-pid-cas-zustrici-u-vilnusi-zelenskij-poinformuvav-bajdena-pro-situaciu-na-fronti.html
Turkey Parliament will not be able to ratify Sweden's application for NATO - Erdogan in the summer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735064-parlament-tureccini-ne-zmoze-vlitku-ratifikuvati-zaavku-svecii-sodo-nato-erdogan.html
Norway and Britain will provide € 5 million for the development of the Chernobyl Exclusion Zone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3735062-norvegia-i-velikobritania-nadadut-5-miljoniv-na-rozvitok-cornobilskoi-zoni-vidcuzenna.html
The UN Secretary General should be involved in ensuring further work of the Grain Corridor - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735065-gensek-oon-mae-dolucitisa-do-zabezpecenna-podalsoi-roboti-zernovogo-koridoru-zelenskij.html
The International Damage Register can work fully in the fall - MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3735068-miznarodnij-reestr-zbitkiv-moze-povnocinno-zapracuvati-voseni-deputatka.html
In Truskavets the hotel caught up, people evacuated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3735069-u-truskavci-zagorivsa-gotel-ludej-evakuuvali.html
Zelensky about Israel's support: premieres are different, the result is the same
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735074-zelenskij-pro-pidtrimku-z-boku-izrailu-premeri-rizni-rezultat-toj-samij.html
Greece and Turkey in Vilnius agreed to establish relationships
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735080-grecia-j-tureccina-u-vilnusi-domovilisa-nalagoditi-vidnosini.html
Putin is still mistakenly believed to be able to survive Ukraine - Biden
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735084-putin-dosi-pomilkovo-vvazae-so-zmoze-pereziti-ukrainu-bajden.html
Her Zhpapa discussed the security situation in the Black Sea region with an American colleague
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735085-neizpapa-obgovoriv-bezpekovu-situaciu-v-cornomorskomu-regioni-z-amerikanskim-kolegou.html
The Ministry of Health told that patients will receive in the event of a draft law on Medkanabis
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735087-u-moz-rozpovili-so-otrimaut-pacienti-u-razi-uhvalenna-zakonoproektu-pro-medkanabis.html
The Prime Minister of the Netherlands: Ukraine's future - in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735095-premer-niderlandiv-majbutne-ukraini-v-nato.html
Defense forces advanced on the southern flank near Bakhmut - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735100-sili-oboroni-prosunulisa-na-pivdennomu-flanzi-bila-bahmuta-malar.html
In Mariupol there are explosions - Andryushchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735097-u-mariupoli-lunaut-vibuhi-andrusenko.html
Ukrainian arbitrators are appointed at the UEFA Conference League match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735115-ukrainskih-arbitriv-priznaceno-na-matci-ligi-konferencij-uefa.html
F-16 training: Poland will give Ukrainian pilots its infrastructure
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/navchannya-na-f-16-polshha-nadast-ukrayinskym-pilotam-svoyu-infrastrukturu/
Ukrainian startup fund funded 352 teams for $ 8.2 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3735098-ukrainskij-fond-startapiv-profinansuvav-352-komandi-na-82-miljona.html
Dynamo has played a draw with Switzerland champion at a meeting in Austria
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735101-dinamo-zigralo-vniciu-z-cempionom-svejcarii-na-zborah-v-avstrii.html
In the ZPP, they are preparing to transfer the fourth power unit from a cold to a hot state of stopping - IAEA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735103-na-zaes-gotuutsa-perevesti-cetvertij-energoblok-z-holodnogo-v-garacij-stan-zupinu-magate.html
Truskavets extinguished a fire at the hotel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3735104-u-truskavci-zagasili-pozezu-v-goteli.html
In Odessa, they beat the editor of a local newspaper
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3735105-na-odesini-pobili-redaktora-miscevoi-gazeti.html
Russia sent to China equipment for nuclear power
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735108-rosia-vidpravila-do-kitau-obladnanna-dla-budivnictva-aes.html
Ukrainian defenders with the help of a drone discovered and destroyed Russian Buk-M2
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735094-ukrainski-zahisniki-za-dopomogou-bezpilotnika-viavili-ta-znisili-rosijskij-bukm2.html
Minsfra will cooperate with Cyberfame GmbH in the field of cybersecurity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3735112-mincifri-spivpracuvatime-iz-cyberfame-gmbh-u-sferi-kiberbezpeki.html
The State Department has officially confirmed a cyber fall on its post server
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735111-derzdep-oficijno-pidtverdiv-kibernapad-na-svij-postovij-server.html
Musk has introduced a new XAI company that should “understand the true nature of the universe”
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3735096-mask-predstaviv-novu-kompaniu-xai.html
In the Chernihiv region the car came under the train - three dead, among them a child
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3735119-na-cernigivsini-avtivka-potrapila-pid-potag-troe-zagiblih-sered-nih-ditina.html
UEFA Champions League: "Sheriff" with a blacksmith won minimally in Romania "Farulu"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735121-liga-cempioniv-uefa-serif-iz-kovalem-minimalno-postupivsa-v-rumunii-farulu.html
Ukraine in NATO will be able to guarantee the safety of its eastern flank - deputy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735123-ukraina-v-nato-zmoze-garantuvati-bezpeku-jogo-shidnogo-flangu-deputatka.html
Russians in a day 28 times fired at Sumy region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735113-rosiani-za-den-28-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
In Ukraine tomorrow will be hot, in the west - raining with thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3734853-v-ukraini-zavtra-bude-spekotno-na-zahodi-dosi-z-grozami.html
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
European drone manufacturer plans to open a plant in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/yevropejskyj-vyrobnyk-droniv-planuye-vidkryty-zavod-v-ukrayini/
The Ukrainian system of situational awareness of Delta has been tested by NATO and can integrate F-16 fighters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/ukrayinska-systema-sytuaczijnoyi-obiznanosti-delta-projshla-vyprobuvannya-nato-i-mozhe-integruvaty-vynyshhuvachi-f-16/
In the ZPP, they are preparing to transfer the fourth power unit from a cold to a hot state of stopping - IAEA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735103-na-zaes-gotuutsa-perevesti-cetvertij-energoblok-z-holodnogo-v-garacij-stan-zupinu-magate.html
Presidents of the United States and Turkey have discussed the support of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/prezydenty-ssha-ta-turechchyny-obgovoryly-pidtrymku-ukrayiny/
On July 13, the Military Media Center will host a discussion panel on "Summary and Evaluation of NATO Vilnius Summit"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/13-lypnya-u-military-media-center-vidbudetsya-dyskusijna-panel-na-temu-pidsumky-ta-oczinky-vilnyuskogo-samitu-nato/
Alexei Danilov: Ukraine will do everything dependent to become a member of NATO as soon as possible
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/oleksij-danilov-ukrayina-robytyme-vse-zalezhne-aby-yakomoga-shvydshe-staty-chlenom-nato/
Expanded list of persons who can get UBD status
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/rozshyreno-perelik-osib-yaki-mozhut-otrymaty-status-ubd/
In Vilnius we have to solve three priority issues - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/u-vilnyusi-mayemo-vyrishyty-try-priorytetni-pytannya-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Truskavets extinguished a fire at the hotel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3735104-u-truskavci-zagasili-pozezu-v-goteli.html
The Government has improved the order of reservation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/uryad-udoskonalyv-poryadok-bronyuvannya-vijskovozobov%ca%bcyazanyh/
Grateful to Justin Trudeau and Canada for strengthening our soldiers armored vehicles - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/vdyachnyj-dzhastinu-tryudo-i-kanadi-za-posylennya-nashyh-voyiniv-bronetehnikoyu-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Ukraine will receive additional Patriot from Germany
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/ukrayina-otrymaye-dodatkovi-patriot-vid-nimechchyny/
This agreement opens great opportunities for the Armed Forces and for Swedish companies - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/czya-ugoda-vidkryvaye-velyki-mozhlyvosti-dlya-zsu-i-dlya-shvedskyh-kompanij-oleksij-reznikov/
In August, the Netherlands will begin preparation of Ukrainian pilots
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/u-serpni-niderlandy-rozpochnut-pidgotovku-ukrayinskyh-pilotiv/
The Government has increased state order for the training of rehabilitation professionals and psychologists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/uryad-zbilshyv-derzhzamovlennya-na-pidgotovku-fahivcziv-z-reabilitacziyi-ta-psyhologiv/
In Odessa, they beat the editor of a local newspaper
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3735105-na-odesini-pobili-redaktora-miscevoi-gazeti.html
Ukraine should apply the best and most effective medical practices in the world - NSDC
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/ukrayina-maye-zastosuvaty-najkrashhi-i-najefektyvnishi-medychni-praktyky-svitu-rnbo/
Ukraine and Germany have started systematic cooperation in the field of strategic communications
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/ukrayina-ta-nimechchyna-zapochatkuvaly-systemnu-spivpraczyu-u-sferi-strategichnyh-komunikaczij/
Nearly 1400 fire tasks per day have completed art units of defense forces in the Tavriya direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/majzhe-1400-vognevyh-zavdan-za-dobu-vykonaly-artpidrozdily-syl-oborony-na-tavrijskomu-napryamku/
Intelligence warriors hone the skill of a knife battle
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/voyiny-rozvidnyky-vidtochuyut-majsternist-nozhovogo-boyu/
The government focused assistance to those IDPs who need more
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/uryad-sfokusuvav-dopomogu-na-tyh-vpo-hto-bilshe-yiyi-potrebuye/
As veterans and their families not be a victim of cybershachrai
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/yak-veteranam-ta-chlenam-yihnih-simej-ne-staty-zhertvoyu-kibershahrayiv/
On July 13, a round table will take place on the topic: "Why Russia is bypassing international sanctions"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/13-lypnya-vidbudetsya-kruglyj-stil-na-temu-chomu-rosiya-obhodyt-mizhnarodni-sankcziyi/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 15 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zadala-15-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Australia for 30 additional bushmaster armored personnel carriers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/volodymyr-zelenskyj-podyakuvav-avstraliyi-za-30-dodatkovyh-bronetransporteriv-bushmaster/
Front Situation: Five Directions continue heavy battles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/sytuacziya-na-fronti-na-pyatoh-napryamkah-tryvayut-vazhki-boyi/
Russia sent to China equipment for nuclear power
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735108-rosia-vidpravila-do-kitau-obladnanna-dla-budivnictva-aes.html
"Our NATO cooperation is something that will fill the safety deficit" - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/nasha-spivpraczya-z-nato-cze-te-shho-tochno-zapovnyt-deficzyt-bezpeky-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Alexei Reznikov: I am sure that Ukraine will soon join the NATO family
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/oleksij-reznikov-ya-vpevnenyj-shho-ukrayina-nezabarom-pryyednayetsya-do-rodyny-nato/
In Vilnius, Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Emmanuel Macron discussed further defense support of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/u-vilnyusi-volodymyr-zelenskyj-ta-emmanyuel-makron-obgovoryly-podalshu-oboronnu-pidtrymku-ukrayiny/
Ukrainian troops are successful in the offensive in two directions near Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/ukrayinski-vijska-mayut-uspih-u-nastupi-na-dvoh-napryamkah-bilya-bahmuta/
Japan will transfer to Ukraine systems to detect UAVS
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/yaponiya-peredast-ukrayini-systemy-dlya-vyyavlennya-bpla/
The Government has approved a plan for celebrating the Day of Remembrance of Defenders of Ukraine in 2023
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/uryad-zatverdyv-plan-zahodiv-iz-vidznachennya-u-2023-roczi-dnya-pamyati-zahysnykiv-ukrayiny/
Alliance Summit: Security Guarantees for Ukraine on the way to NATO but not instead of NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/samit-alyansu-garantiyi-bezpeky-dlya-ukrayiny-na-shlyahu-v-nato-ale-ne-zamist-nato/
In the Black Sea - six enemy ships without "caliber"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/u-chornomu-mori-shist-vorozhyh-korabliv-bez-kalibriv/
In France, nearly 5,200 Ukrainian military was trained
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/u-francziyi-projshly-pidgotovku-majzhe-5200-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/
President of Poland: NATO adoption will become a great force for the Alliance in the future
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/prezydent-polshhi-pryjnyattya-ukrayiny-do-nato-stane-velycheznoyu-syloyu-dlya-alyansu-v-majbutnomu/
Minister: What are the employment services available on the guide?
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/minczyfry-yaki-poslugy-u-sferi-zajnyatosti-dostupni-na-gidi/
Ukrainian defenders with the help of a drone discovered and destroyed Russian Buk-M2
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735094-ukrainski-zahisniki-za-dopomogou-bezpilotnika-viavili-ta-znisili-rosijskij-bukm2.html
In Vilnius, the first meeting of the Ukraine-NATO Council began
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/u-vilnyusi-rozpochalosya-pershe-zasidannya-rady-ukrayina-nato/
During the day, Russia fired 10 regions of Ukraine: there is a hit in 49 infrastructure sites
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/za-dobu-rosiya-obstrilyala-10-oblastej-ukrayiny-ye-vluchannya-u-49-obyektiv-infrastruktury/
Registration starts for the All-Ukrainian online product "I am honoring warriors, running for Heroes of Ukraine"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/startuye-reyestracziya-na-vseukrayinskyj-onlajn-zabig-shanuyu-voyiniv-bizhu-za-geroyiv-ukrayiny/
More than 97 thousand war crimes have documented the Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/ponad-97-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv-zadokumentuvav-ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-2/
Norway transmits Ukraine's anti -aircraft missile systems NASAMS
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/norvegiya-peredaye-ukrayini-zenitni-raketni-kompleksy-nasams/
The invaders for eight times fired at the border of Chernihiv and Sumy region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/zagarbnyky-protyagom-doby-visim-raziv-obstrilyaly-prykordonnya-chernigivshhyny-ta-sumshhyny/
Russian troops are changing objects in the Zaporizhzhya NPP - Military Media Center
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/rosijski-vijska-minuyut-obyekty-na-terytoriyi-zaporizkoyi-aes-military-media-center/
Norway provides Ukraine with a batch
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/norvegiya-nadaye-ukrayini-partiyu-rozviduvalnyh-droniv-black-hornet/
NATO Summit: G7 leaders have agreed to support Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/samit-nato-lidery-g7-pogodyly-deklaracziyu-pro-pidtrymku-ukrayiny/
Betrayed Ukraine and became a "Wagner" terrorist: a resident of Kirovograd region will go under court
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/zradyv-ukrayini-j-stav-terorystom-vagnerivczem-meshkanecz-kirovogradshhyny-pide-pid-sud/
Minsfra will cooperate with Cyberfame GmbH in the field of cybersecurity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3735112-mincifri-spivpracuvatime-iz-cyberfame-gmbh-u-sferi-kiberbezpeki.html
More than 500 people enrolled in the employees' reserve to work in de -checked territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/ponad-500-ohochyh-vstupyly-u-rezerv-praczivnykiv-dlya-roboty-na-deokupovanyh-terytoriyah/
In Chernihiv region, the next cities were restored and commissioned
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/na-chernigivshhyni-vidnovleno-ta-vvedeno-v-ekspluatacziyu-chergovyj-mist/
We will help Ukraine build a powerful defense on land, in the air and at sea - Joe Biden
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/my-dopomozhemo-ukrayini-pobuduvaty-potuzhnu-oboronu-na-suhodoli-u-povitri-ta-na-mori-dzho-bajden/
Admiral of the Fleet of the Russian Federation, which ordered to hit Vinnitsa "caliber", received a new suspicion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/admiral-flotu-rf-shho-viddav-nakaz-udaryty-po-vinnyczi-kalibramy-otrymav-novu-pidozru/
The occupiers focus efforts on five directions, during the day - 22 combat clashes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/okupanty-zoseredzhuyut-zusyllya-na-pyaty-napryamkah-protyagom-doby-22-bojovyh-zitknennya/
Germany at NATO summit gathered for Ukraine one of the largest military assistance packages
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/nimechchyna-na-samiti-nato-zibrala-dlya-ukrayiny-odyn-iz-najbilshyh-paketiv-vijskovoyi-dopomogy/
Military Russian Federation is making mass raids on the homes of local residents of temporarily captured Mariupol
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/okupanty-zdijsnyuyut-masovi-rejdy-po-budynkah-misczevyh-meshkancziv-tymchasovo-zahoplenogo-mariupolya/
Thousands of ammunition and combat vehicles: Britain provides Ukraine with a new package of military assistance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/tysyachi-boyeprypasiv-ta-bojovi-mashyny-brytaniya-nadaye-ukrayini-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy/
The forces of air defense destroyed four Russian drones in Mykolaiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/syly-ppo-znyshhyly-chotyry-rosijski-bezpilotnyky-na-mykolayivshhyni/
The appeal of prisoners to international organizations accelerates the return of defenders home - coordination
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/zvernennya-rodychiv-polonenyh-do-mizhnarodnyh-organizaczij-pryskoryuye-povernennya-zahysnykiv-dodomu-koordshtab/
The regions are united for the reconstruction of Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/regiony-obyednalysya-dlya-vidbudovy-hersonshhyny/
Ukrainian arbitrators are appointed at the UEFA Conference League match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735115-ukrainskih-arbitriv-priznaceno-na-matci-ligi-konferencij-uefa.html
By defending Ukrainian business, we protect the interests of defense - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/zahyshhayuchy-ukrayinskyj-biznes-my-zahyshhayemo-interesy-oborony-oleksij-reznikov/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy: G7 Declaration is a significant victory in the field of Ukraine's security
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/volodymyr-zelenskyj-deklaracziya-g7-cze-znachna-peremoga-u-sferi-bezpeky-ukrayiny/
Alexei Zhpapa discussed the security situation in the Black Sea region with an American colleague
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/oleksij-neyizhpapa-obgovoryv-bezpekovu-sytuacziyu-v-chornomorskomu-regioni-z-amerykanskym-kolegoyu/
Ukrainian aviation has made 8 blows in hostile positions, technique and SCR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/ukrayinska-aviacziya-zavdala-8-udariv-po-vorozhyh-pozycziyah-tehniczi-ta-zrk/
Ukraine and Germany have started systematic cooperation in the field of strategic communications
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/ukrayina-ta-nimechchyna-zapochatkuvaly-systemnu-spivpraczyu-u-sferi-strategichnyh-komunikaczij-2/
Biden - Zelensky: I look forward to a day when we will meet to celebrate Ukraine's membership in NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/bajden-zelenskomu-ya-z-neterpinnyam-chekayu-dnya-koly-my-provedemo-zustrich-dlya-svyatkuvannya-chlenstva-ukrayiny-v-nato/
The Russian agent was detained who helped the racists seize Severodonetsk and then fled to Transcarpathia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/zatrymano-agenta-rf-yakyj-dopomagav-rashystam-zahopyty-syevyerodoneczk-a-potim-vtik-do-zakarpattya/
There is a uniqueness that Ukraine will be in NATO - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/ye-odnoznachnist-u-tomu-shho-ukrayina-bude-v-nato-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
The White Wolf special unit destroyed the 400th anniversary enemy target
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/speczpidrozdil-bilyj-vovk-znyshhyv-400-tu-yuvilejnu-vorozhu-czil/
Short. War. Day 504. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/korotko-vijna-den-504-videodajdzhest/
The State Department has officially confirmed a cyber fall on its post server
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735111-derzdep-oficijno-pidtverdiv-kibernapad-na-svij-postovij-server.html
Evacuation from the border of Sumy region will take place within the districts - the head of the Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735081-evakuacia-z-prikordonna-sumsini-vidbuvatimetsa-v-mezah-rajoniv-golova-ova.html
Kiev schools received over 300 laptops from Chinese twin cities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3735128-skoli-kieva-otrimali-ponad-300-noutbukiv-vid-kitajskih-mistpobratimiv.html
President: For the first time in independence, we have formed the foundation for safety on the way to NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735127-prezident-uperse-za-cas-nezaleznosti-mi-sformuvali-fundament-bezpeki-dla-ukraini-na-slahu-do-nato.html
Biden still thinks whether to provide Ukraine with ATACMS missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735126-bajden-vse-se-dumae-ci-nadavati-ukraini-raketi-atacms.html
The enemy launched "calibers" and UAV, in Kiev and a number of regions - air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735124-povitrani-sili-poperedzaut-pro-mozlivij-zapusk-kalibriv.html
The enemy launched "calibers" and UAV, in Kiev and a number of regions - air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735124-povitrani-sili-poperedzaut-pro-mozlivij-zapusk-kalibriv.html
Biden still thinks whether to provide Ukraine with ATACMS missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735126-bajden-vse-se-dumae-ci-nadavati-ukraini-raketi-atacms.html
President: For the first time in independence, we have formed the foundation for safety on the way to NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735127-prezident-uperse-za-cas-nezaleznosti-mi-sformuvali-fundament-bezpeki-dla-ukraini-na-slahu-do-nato.html
Kiev schools received over 300 laptops from Chinese twin cities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3735128-skoli-kieva-otrimali-ponad-300-noutbukiv-vid-kitajskih-mistpobratimiv.html
Evacuation from the border of Sumy region will take place within the districts - the head of the Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735081-evakuacia-z-prikordonna-sumsini-vidbuvatimetsa-v-mezah-rajoniv-golova-ova.html
We return from NATO summit with good result for our country and our soldiers - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735129-povertaemosa-z-samitu-nato-z-horosim-rezultatom-dla-nasoi-derzavi-ta-nasih-voiniv-zelenskij.html
In Khmelnytskyi, explosions were heard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735130-na-hmelniccini-prolunali-vibuhi.html
In the capital there are explosions, in Kyiv region there are air defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3735131-u-stolici-cuti-vibuhi-na-kiivsini-pracue-ppo.html
Veterans are recruiting in Ukraine: how to take part
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/13/v-ukrayini-nabyrayut-pomichnykiv-veteraniv-yak-vzyaty-uchast/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====