乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-03-27

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

In Crimea, the occupiers sell real estate
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/v-krymu-okupanty-rozprodayut-neruhomist/
Ukraine and the world are against Russian aggression. Action sanctions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-13/
In Kherson, national guards honored the memory of the dead brothers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/u-hersoni-naczionalni-gvardijczi-vshanuvaly-pamyat-zagyblyh-pobratymiv/
The SSSU Chairman met with the Deputy Chairman of the US Mission and discussed the areas of cooperation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/golova-dpsu-zustrivsya-iz-zastupnykom-golovy-misiyi-ssha-ta-obgovoryv-napryamky-spivrobitnycztva/
The fighters answered the questions of children-peers of the National Guard of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/bijczi-vidpovily-na-pytannya-ditej-odnolitkiv-naczionalnoyi-gvardiyi-ukrayiny/
Our artillerymen struck 3 management points and 5 districts of enemy forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/nashi-artylerysty-urazyly-3-punkty-upravlinnya-ta-5-rajoniv-zoseredzhennya-syl-protyvnyka/
During the day, the Defense Forces repelled more than 85 attacks of Russian invaders – HSC of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/protyagom-doby-syly-oborony-vidbyly-ponad-85-atak-rosijskyh-zagarbnykiv-gsh-zsu/
In Zaporozhye, the occupiers introduce special traffic to moving in the occupied territory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/na-zaporizhzhi-okupanty-vvodyat-speczperepustky-dlya-peremishhennya-po-okupovanij-terytoriyi/
CEO of the IAEA will visit the Zaporozhye NPP next week
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/gendyrektor-magate-vidvidaye-zaporizku-aes-nastupnogo-tyzhnya/
Most enterprises will transfer to the sphere of management of the State Property Fund - Denis Shmigal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/bilshist-derzhavnyh-pidpryyemstv-budut-peredani-do-sfery-upravlinnya-fondu-derzhmajna-denys-shmygal/
Another minus 660 occupants, 15 tanks and 15 BBM: daily loss of enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/shhe-minus-660-okupantiv-15-tankiv-ta-15-bbm-dobovi-vtraty-voroga/
In two months in Ukraine, more than 300 cyberattacks were recorded in the State Secretariat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/za-dva-misyaczi-v-ukrayini-zafiksuvaly-ponad-300-kiberatak-derzhspeczzvyazku/
Rosarmia troops fired the border of Chernihiv region, there is damage
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/26/vijska-rosarmiyi-obstrilyaly-prykordonnya-chergivshhyny-ye-rujnuvannya/
Can't be mentally far from war, support our fighters when possible - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/ne-mozhna-buty-podumky-daleko-vid-vijny-pidtrymujte-nashyh-bijcziv-koly-cze-mozhlyvo-prezydent-ukrayiny/
IKEA Swedish Company sold its latest enterprise in
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/shvedska-kompaniya-ikea-prodala-ostannye-svoye-pidpryyemstvo-na-rosiyi/
In action you can get adoption consultation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/u-diyi-mozhna-otrymaty-konsultacziyu-z-usynovlennya/
A selection of fakes that promoted Russian media last week
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/pidbirka-fejkiv-yaki-prosuvaly-rosijski-zmi-mynulogo-tyzhnya/
Ukrainian cynologists have started a specialized training course in Spain
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/ukrayinski-fahivczi-kinology-rozpochaly-speczializovanyj-kurs-pidgotovky-v-ispaniyi/
Russians complain about electricity disruptions in Belgorod region - intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/rosiyany-skarzhatsya-na-pereboyi-elektropostachannya-u-byelgorodskij-oblasti-perehoplennya-gur/
The Ministry of Defense showed a duel of Ukrainian tankers and Russian anti -tankists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/u-minoborony-pokazaly-dvobij-ukrayinskyh-tankistiv-ta-rosijskyh-protytankistiv/
In Bakhmut, the border guards eliminated the Wagner's cell
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/u-bahmuti-prykordonnyky-likviduvaly-oseredok-vagnerivcziv/
Ukrainian defenders per day repelled more than 60 hostile attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-vidbyly-ponad-60-vorozhyh-atak/
In the Luhansk region, the local morgue replenished about 100 bodies of dead occupiers, another 140 were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/na-luganshhyni-misczevyj-morg-popovnyly-blyzko-100-til-zagyblyh-okupantiv-shhe-140-poraneno/
Our artillery during the day struck the Russian management point and 4 areas of focus of occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/nasha-artyleriya-protyagom-doby-urazyla-rosijskyj-punkt-upravlinnya-ta-4-rajony-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv/
More than 171 thousand military lost the army of the Russian Federation since the beginning of large -scale aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/ponad-171-tysyachu-vijskovyh-vtratyla-armiya-rf-z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-agresiyi/
NATO will protect the Alliance countries regardless of nuclear weapons nearby - Lithuanian Defense Minister
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/nato-zahyshhatyme-krayiny-alyansu-nezalezhno-vid-nayavnosti-yadernoyi-zbroyi-nepodalik-kordoniv-ministr-oborony-lytvy/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
The number of attacks of Russian hackers on local authorities of Ukraine - the State Secretariat of Communications has increased
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/zbilshylasya-kilkist-atak-hakeriv-rf-na-misczevi-organy-vlady-ukrayiny-derzhspeczzvyazku/
Polish Foreign Ministry: Placement of nuclear weapons of the Russian Federation in Belarus increases the threat of peace in Europe
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/mzs-polshhi-rozmishhennya-yadernoyi-zbroyi-rf-u-bilorusi-zbilshuye-zagrozu-myru-v-yevropi/
"Gold" and "Silver" have won our armies at the European Championships from karate
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/zoloto-ta-sriblo-zdobuly-nashi-armijky-na-chempionati-yevropy-z-karate/
The most intense phase of Bakhmut's battles is ongoing - Alexander Syrsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/tryvaye-najbilsh-intensyvna-faza-boyiv-za-bahmut-oleksandr-syrskyj/
During the day, rescuers went over a hundred times to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-ponad-sto-raziv-vyyizdyly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-18/
The ecmanifier of Donetsk "Golden Eagle" was suspected of participating in a terrorist organization
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/ekskomandyr-doneczkogo-berkutu-otrymav-pidozru-za-uchast-u-terorystychnij-organizacziyi/
Lithuania will require new sanctions against Russia for the placement of nuclear weapons in Belarus
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/lytva-vymagatyme-zaprovadzhennya-novyh-sankczij-proty-rf-za-rozmishhennya-yadernoyi-zbroyi-v-bilorusi/
The FSB agent group that prepared rocket strokes along the routes of military echelons was disposed of
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/zneshkodzheno-agenturnu-grupu-fsb-yaka-gotuvala-raketni-udary-po-marshrutah-ruhu-vijskovyh-esheloniv/
Alexei Danilov about Putin's statement: Kremlin took Belarus in nuclear hostages
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/oleksij-danilov-pro-zayavu-putina-kreml-vzyav-bilorus-v-yaderni-zaruchnyky/
73 of the settlements of Ukraine fired the army of the Russian Federation per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/73-naselenyh-punkty-ukrayiny-obstrilyala-armiya-rf-za-dobu/
Over 200 explosive items have been neutralized per day of Pyrotechnics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-200-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-9/
Ukrainians have raised over UAH 58.5 million for drones-Kamikadze for intelligence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/ukrayinczi-zibraly-ponad-585-mln-gryven-na-drony-kamikadze-dlya-rozvidky/
The Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces awarded the defender who heroically reflected the assault group of occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/golovnokomanduvach-zsu-nagorodyv-zahysnyka-yakyj-geroyichno-vidbyv-shturmovu-grupu-okupantiv/
Ukrainian military in the United Kingdom has completed training on Challenger 2 tanks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/ukrayinski-vijskovi-u-velykij-brytaniyi-zavershyly-navchannya-na-tankah-challenger-2/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy about the shelling of Slavyansk: Ukraine will not forgive these deaths and wounds
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/volodymyr-zelenskyj-pro-obstril-slovyanska-ukrayina-ne-probachyt-czyh-smertej-i-poranen/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: more than 76 thousand military crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-76-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
There are 7 enemy ships in the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/zagalnyj-zalp-vorozhyh-kalibriv-u-seredzemnomu-mori-stanovyt-20-raket/
The coordination headquarters took place online meeting with families of captive paratroopers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-onlajn-zustrich-z-rodynamy-polonenyh-desantnykiv/
Athletes from the Russian Federation and Belarus should not be admitted to international competitions - a joint statement of Ukraine, Poland and the Baltic countries
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/sportsmeny-z-rf-ta-bilorusi-ne-mayut-buty-dopushheni-do-mizhnarodnyh-zmagan-spilna-zayava-ukrayiny-polshhi-ta-krayin-baltiyi/
Moldova has begun JCET-2023 military exercises with the participation of three NATO countries
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/u-moldovi-rozpochalysya-vijskovi-navchannya-jcet-2023-za-uchasti-troh-krayin-nato/
Head of State: Forcing the occupier to respond for every shot against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/glava-derzhavy-zmusymo-okupanta-vidpovisty-za-kozhen-postril-proty-ukrayiny/
In Lviv, a hostile informant was detained, which under the guise of displaced was collecting information about the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/u-lvovi-zatrymano-vorozhu-informatorku-yaka-pid-vyglyadom-pereselenky-zbyrala-dani-pro-zsu/
NATO has to place troops on the borders with Russia - Lithuanian Foreign Ministry
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/nato-maye-rozmistyty-vijska-na-kordonah-z-rosiyeyu-mzs-lytvy/
More than 10 explosions were heard in the territory of Sumy and Chernihiv border
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/ponad-10-vybuhiv-prolunalo-na-terytoriyi-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-i-chernigivshhyny/
The first steps in Ukraine to create a normative legal framework for cybersecurity have been taken
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/v-ukrayini-zrobleni-pershi-kroky-shhodo-stvorennya-normatyvno-pravovoyi-bazy-z-kiberbezpeky/
The first steps in Ukraine to create a normative legal framework for cybersecurity have been taken
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/v-ukrayini-zrobleni-pershi-kroky-shhodo-stvorennya-normatyvno-pravovoyi-bazy-z-kiberbezpeky/
In Crimea, a guerrilla movement against the occupiers intensified
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/u-krymu-aktyvizuvavsya-partyzanskyj-ruh-proty-okupantiv/
The head of state visited the leading positions of Ukrainian troops in the Zaporozhye region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/glava-derzhavy-vidvidav-peredovi-pozycziyi-ukrayinskyh-vijsk-u-zaporizkij-oblasti/
Germany launched a platform for the restoration of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/nimechchyna-zapustyla-platformu-dlya-vidnovlennya-ukrayiny/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Zaporizhzhia command post and held a meeting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/volodymyr-zelenskyj-vidvidav-komandnyj-punkt-ouv-zaporizhzhya-j-proviv-naradu/
NATO: Russia's nuclear rhetoric is dangerous and irresponsible. The Alliance monitors the situation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/nato-yaderna-rytoryka-rosiyi-ye-nebezpechnoyu-ta-bezvidpovidalnoyu-alyans-uvazhno-stezhyt-za-sytuacziyeyu/
The President of Ukraine visited the military hospital and presented awards to the doctors and the wounded defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/prezydent-ukrayiny-vidvidav-vijskovyj-gospital-i-vruchyv-nagorody-medykam-i-poranenym-zahysnykam/
March 29 at Military Media Center will be briefed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/29-bereznya-u-military-media-center-vidbudetsya-bryfing-predstavnykiv-naczionalnogo-vijskovo-istorychnogo-muzeyu/
Ukrainian intelligence proposes to rename the street of the capital in honor of the deceased Hero of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/ukrayinska-rozvidka-proponuye-perejmenuvaty-vulyczyu-stolyczi-na-chest-zagyblogo-geroya-ukrayiny/
In four directions of defense forces, they repelled 41 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/poblyzu-bahmutu-pidrozdily-syl-oborony-ukrayiny-vidbyly-41-ataku-protyvnyka/
Anna Malyar told how to read headlines during the war and not frightened
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/ganna-malyar-rozpovila-pro-te-yak-chytaty-zagolovky-pid-chas-vijny-i-ne-lyakatys/
The reinforced fist becomes more powerful - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/armovanyj-kulak-staye-potuzhnishym-oleksij-reznikov/
The President of Ukraine got acquainted with the course of elimination of the consequences of the Russian blow to Zaporozhye on March 22
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/prezydent-ukrayiny-oznajomyvsya-z-perebigom-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-rosijskogo-udaru-po-zaporizhzhyu-22-bereznya/
Ukrainian aviation has struck nine blows in the areas of focus of occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/ukrayinska-aviacziya-zavdala-devyat-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv/
Bakhmut continues to remain the main direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/bahmut-i-nadali-zalyshayetsya-golovnym-napryamkom-udaru-rashystiv-sergij-cherevatyj/
The head of state met with the CEO of the IAEA in the Dniproges territory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/glava-derzhavy-zustrivsya-z-gendyrektorom-magate-na-terytoriyi-dniproges/
Over the last five days, Russians are actively using chemical ammunition - Dmitrashkivsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/uprodovzh-ostannih-pyaty-dniv-rosiyany-aktyvno-zastosovuyut-himichni-boyeprypasy-dmytrashkivskyj/
In Dnipropetrovsk, Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the Nikopol district, which is constantly undergoing enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/na-dnipropetrovshhyni-volodymyr-zelenskyj-vidvidav-nikopolskyj-rajon-yakyj-postijno-zaznaye-vorozhyh-obstriliv/
In the direction of Avdiivka - Marinka two brigades of the Russian Federation suffered great losses
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/na-napryamku-avdiyivka-maryinka-dvi-brygady-rf-zaznaly-velykyh-vtrat/
He held a meeting of exit rates - in the Dnieper, the strategic city of the Center of Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/proviv-zasidannya-stavky-na-vyyizdi-u-dnipri-strategichnomu-misti-czentru-ukrayiny-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
The enemy fired at five settlements of Chernihiv and Sumy region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/vorog-obstrilyav-pyat-naselenyh-punktiv-chernigivshhyny-ta-sumshhyny/
Short. War. Day 397. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/korotko-vijna-den-397-videodajdzhest/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====