乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-04-23

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Krasno Pershe, Novomolinsk, Dvorichny, West, Cat ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4559
AT LIMAN DIRETIIN RUSSIAN Army Shelled Stelmakhivka, Makeevka, Nezeke, Dibrova And Bilohri ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4560
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Rozdolivka, Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomark ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4561
JSC Avdiivka Directiones Rusian Army Shelled Novokalin, Steppe, Avdiivka, Tonyne, First ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4562
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Krasnohorivka, Maryinka, Pobyeda and Novomykhayliv...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4563
JSC Shaktarske Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Picistivka, Novoukrainka, Golden Niva, Great ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4564
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Olhivske, Pavlivka, Malynivka, Hu...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4565
Donetsk Oblast(12:07). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43561
Nikolaev, Mykolaiv region, Kherson, Kherson region (12:12). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. WITH...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43563
Zaporizka Oblast(12:49). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43564
Donetsk Oblast(17:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43569
Donetsk Oblast(19:38). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43571
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(21:02). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24117
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Zaporizhzhya region (22:16). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Su ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43577
Donetsk Oblast(22:50). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43578
Task-to remove any opportunities for Russia to bypass sanctions-President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/zavdannya-prybraty-bud-yaki-mozhlyvosti-rosiyi-obhodyty-sankcziyi-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Sudan was evacuated by the first group of the Dutch
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699714-iz-sudanu-evakuuvali-persu-grupu-niderlandciv.html
In Russia, the second one for the day of the State Duma from the ruling party died
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699689-u-rosii-pomer-drugij-za-den-deputat-derzdumi-vid-pravlacoi-partii.html
In Zaporozhye, the enemy continues to erect fortifications and change territories - military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699513-na-zaporizzi-vorog-prodovzue-zvoditi-fortifikacijni-sporudi-ta-minuvati-teritorii-vijskovi.html
Ukrainian Paravoleibolists have become vicewiches at the International Tournament in Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699712-ukrainski-paravolejbolisti-stali-vicecempionami-na-miznarodnomu-turniri-u-nimeccini.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka, Nevske and Bilohorivka of Luhansk region a...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4569
States lowed their representation in the UN Council during the presidency of Russia - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699708-stati-ponizili-riven-svogo-predstavnictva-v-radbezi-oon-pid-cas-golovuvanna-rosii-derzdep.html
The German General called on the government to transfer to Ukraine more ammunition for air defense and F-16 fighters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699709-nimeckij-general-zaklikav-urad-peredati-ukraini-bilse-boepripasiv-dla-ppo-ta-vinisuvaci-f16.html
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Rozdolivka, Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomark ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4570
The Russians during the day fired two communities in Sumy region - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699702-rosiani-uprodovz-dna-obstrilali-dvi-gromadi-na-sumsini-ova.html
JSC Avdiivka Directiones Rusian Army Shelled Novokalin, Steppe, Avdiivka, Tonyne, First ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4571
The reeds were burning in Kiev, the fire was eliminated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3699705-u-kievi-goriv-oceret-pozezu-likviduvali.html
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian of the Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, Georgiyevka and Novomikhailivka of ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4572
JSC Shaktarske Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Kalledar, Wondering, Novoukrainka, Golden No ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4573
Zelensky announced several important international events for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699701-zelenskij-anonsuvav-dekilka-vazlivih-miznarodnih-podij-dla-ukraini.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Zelene Pole of Donetsk ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4574
Manchester United went out to the Final of the Cup of England
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699699-mancester-unajted-vijsov-u-final-kubka-anglii.html
Humeniuk explained why the enemy strengthened the shelling of the Right Bank of Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699682-gumenuk-poasnila-comu-vorog-posiliv-obstrili-pravoberezza-hersonsini.html
Ukrainians won silver and bronze at the European Championships in Greco-Roman Wrestling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699697-ukrainci-zdobuli-sriblo-ta-bronzu-na-cempionati-evropi-z-grekorimskoi-borotbi.html
President: Our victory in this war will be common - everyone who was approaching it
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699696-zelenskij-nasa-peremoga-v-cij-vijni-bude-spilnou-usih-hto-ii-nablizav.html
Stefanchuk arrived in Prague to participate in the EU Parliament Speakers Conference
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699694-stefancuk-pribuv-do-pragi-dla-ucasti-u-konferencii-spikeriv-parlamentiv-es.html
In Ukraine, rains are expected, sometimes with thunderstorms, in the afternoon up to 19 ° heat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699593-v-ukraini-ocikuutsa-dosi-podekudi-iz-grozami-vden-do-19-tepla.html
Zelensky thanked the forces of defense who showed the result in battle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699698-zelenskij-podakuvav-silam-oboroni-aki-pokazali-rezultat-u-bou.html
Twitter renewed a blue tick for famous accounts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3699606-twitter-vidnoviv-sinu-galocku-dla-vidomih-akauntiv.html
Patriot can knock down the C -300 missiles but rationally destroy these SCRs on Earth - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699667-patriot-moze-zbivati-raketi-s300-ale-racionalnise-nisiti-ci-zrk-na-zemli-ignat.html
Ukrainian Oliynikov defeated Lithuanian Bubelite in the ITF 15 finals in Spain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699688-ukrainka-olijnikova-peremogla-litovku-bubelite-u-finali-itf-15-v-ispanii.html
One of the richest deputies of the State Duma of the Russian Federation died, who was sentenced in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699675-pomer-odin-iz-najbagatsih-deputativ-derzdumi-rf-akogo-zasudili-v-ukraini.html
The actions of the Russians in the Tavriysk direction became more intense - military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699681-najblizcim-casom-vorog-sprobue-sturmuvati-vugledarskij-napramok-vijskovi.html
President FSU Zubko: Coach Staff received one task from the federation - to win
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699680-prezident-fhu-zubko-trenerskij-stab-otrimav-vid-federacii-odne-zavdanna-peremagati.html
Kenya has exhumed bodies already 47 people who were starving to death
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699674-u-kenii-eksgumuvali-tila-vze-47-osib-aki-goloduvali-do-smerti.html
In Russia, it was reacted to a non -giving visa to its journalists to work at the UN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699655-u-rosii-vidreaguvali-na-nevidacu-viz-ii-zurnalistam-dla-roboti-v-oon.html
La Liga: Barcelona won "Athletico" minimally
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699673-la-liga-barselona-minimalno-peremogla-atletiko.html
Aviation of Defense Forces has struck 11 blows on Russian invaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699672-aviacia-sil-oboroni-zavdala-11-udariv-po-rosijskih-zagarbnikah.html
Hockey: The national team of Ukraine gave way to China in Overtime on the World Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699666-hokej-zbirna-ukraini-postupilasa-kitau-v-overtajmi-na-cs.html
Promised by Air Defense Partners already on the way to their future positions - Air Force
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699662-obicani-partnerami-sistemi-ppo-vze-u-dorozi-do-svoih-majbutnih-pozicij-povitrani-sili.html
The invaders dumped the shells on Nikopol, three wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699659-zagarbniki-skinuli-snaradi-na-nikopol-troe-poranenih.html
UPL: "Chernomorets" torn out a victory in Kryvbas in an effective match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699643-upl-cornomorec-virvav-peremogu-u-krivbasa-v-rezultativnomu-matci.html
Borrel called the "unacceptable" statement the Ambassador of China on the sovereignty of the former Soviet republics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699715-borrel-nazvav-neprijnatnou-zaavu-posla-knr-sodo-suverenitetu-kolisnih-radanskih-respublik.html
Shmigal: Ukraine starts one of ten priority reforms - complex changes in energy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699612-smigal-ukraina-pocinae-odnu-z-desati-prioritetnih-reform-kompleksni-zmini-v-energetici.html
Drone dropped explosive device in Marhanets yesterday, no casualties
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/40315
Russian army launched missiles at several settlements of Kharkiv region and Kharkiv city last...
https://t.me/UkraineNow/32051
Donetsk Oblast(08:49). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43584
Russian army launched S-300 missile at Sloviansk overnight
https://t.me/UkraineNow/32053
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Novomlynsk, Zapadne, Masutivka, Synkivka, Kyslivka...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4568
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4575
Zaporizka Oblast(09:48). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43585
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(10:14). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43589
Donetsk Oblast(10:21). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43590
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(10:24). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43591
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(10:50). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43592
Russian airstrikes reported in Bilozerka district
https://t.me/hueviyherson/38326
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(10:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/14646
Donetsk Oblast(11:52). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43599
An earthquake occurred in the southeast of Turkey
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699455-na-pivdennomu-shodi-tureccini-stavsa-zemletrus.html
The Armed Forces Aviation per day has struck enemy enem
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699457-aviacia-zsu-za-dobu-zavdala-visim-udariv-po-rajonah-skupcenna-voroga.html
Mass protests have renewed in Israel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699458-v-izraili-ponovilisa-masovi-protesti.html
G7 countries called on to continue and expand the "grain agreement"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699462-kraini-g7-zaklikali-prodovziti-ta-rozsiriti-zernovu-ugodu.html
Turkey evacuates its citizens from Sudan through a third country
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699464-tureccina-evakuue-svoih-gromadan-iz-sudanu-cerez-tretu-krainu.html
The Russians from the drone fired at the Nikopol region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699467-rosiani-z-bezpilotnika-obstrilali-nikopolsinu.html
The Ukrainian national team will play with China's hockey players at the World Cup in Estonia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699433-zbirna-ukraini-zigrae-z-hokeistami-kitau-na-starti-cempionatu-svitu-v-estonii.html
The army of the Russian Federation last day released 236 shells in Kherson region, is dead and injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699468-zagarbniki-minuloi-dobi-vipustili-236-snaradiv-po-hersonsini-e-zagibli-ta-poraneni.html
Defense forces destroyed 186 420 Russian invaders already
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699470-sili-oboroni-znisili-vze-186-420-rosijskih-zagarbnikiv.html
Yesterday the enemy carried out an artillery attack on the water area of the Ochakov community
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699471-ucora-vorog-zdijsniv-artilerijsku-ataku-po-akvatorii-ocakivskoi-gromadi.html
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(14:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43601
In Turkey will be the last before the election of the Parliament meeting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699475-u-tureccini-projde-ostanne-pered-viborami-zasidanna-parlamentu.html
As a result of shelling in Donetsk, four civilians were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699479-unaslidok-obstriliv-na-doneccini-poraneni-cetvero-civilnih.html
Two matches of the Football Premier League of Ukraine will be held today
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699481-sogodni-projdut-dva-matci-futbolnoi-premerligi-ukraini.html
Spain sent six Leopard 2 tanks to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699484-ispania-vidpravila-sist-tankiv-leopard-2-v-ukrainu.html
Sniper's memory Dmitry Ivanov (Bender call sign)
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696189-pamati-snajpera-dmitra-ivanova-pozivnij-bender.html
Donetsk Oblast(15:05). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43603
2 person wounded as result of shelling in Kizomys village of Kherson region today
https://t.me/suspilnekherson/25265
US evacuated the Embassy staff in Sudan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699486-ssa-evakuuvali-personal-posolstva-u-sudani.html
Sinegubov showed the effects of rocket attack by the Russians of Kharkiv and the region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699487-sinegubov-pokazav-naslidki-raketnogo-obstrilu-rosianami-harkova-ta-oblasti.html
Philadelphia reached the quarterfinals of the NBA playoffs, beating "Brooklyn"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699489-filadelfia-vijsla-do-cvertfinalu-plejoff-nba-obigravsi-bruklin.html
The Russian Federation seeks to postpone open mobilization to minimize internal dissent - Britain's intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699490-rf-pragne-vidklasti-vidkritu-mobilizaciu-sob-minimizuvati-vnutrisne-inakomislenna-rozvidka-britanii.html
The Israeli Early Alert System Will Significantly Help Ukraine - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699497-izrailska-sistema-rannogo-opovisenna-suttevo-dopomoze-ukraini-ignat.html
In Luhansk region, invaders do not take on the sale of local manufacturers' products
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699494-na-lugansini-zagarbniki-ne-berut-na-realizaciu-produkti-miscevih-virobnikiv.html
The invaders at night struck a missile strike on Slavyansk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699496-rosiani-vnoci-zavdali-raketnogo-udaru-po-slovansku.html
NHL: Vegas on Bolits beat Winnipeg in the match of the Stanley Cup playoffs series
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699499-nhl-vegas-po-bulitah-obigrav-vinnipeg-u-matci-serii-plejoff-kubka-stenli.html
Cyprus has frozen accounts of persons who helped Russian oligarchs to bypass sanctions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699502-kipr-zamoroziv-rahunki-osib-aki-dopomagali-rosijskim-oligarham-obhoditi-sankcii.html
Russia by autumn will not be able to accumulate even a third of the missiles released - air forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699506-rosii-do-oseni-ne-vdastsa-nakopiciti-navit-tretinu-vid-vipusenih-neu-raket-povitrani-sili.html
Border settlements of Kharkiv region are undergoing up to 60 shelling daily - the head of the Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699507-prikordonni-naseleni-punkti-harkivsini-sodna-zaznaut-do-60-obstriliv-glava-ova.html
Donetsk Oblast(16:17). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43605
In Zaporozhye as a result of artillery shelling a man is injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699509-na-zaporizzi-vnaslidok-artilerijskogo-obstrilu-poranenij-colovik.html
Kruty and Marchenko will perform at the ATP tournament in Ostrava
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699510-krutih-i-marcenko-vistuplat-na-turniri-atp-v-ostravi.html
Danilov urged to stop planting Ukraine at the negotiation table
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699512-danilov-zaklikav-pripiniti-sadzati-ukrainu-za-stil-peregovoriv.html
Zaporizka Oblast(16:53). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43606
In Kiev for the day of water in the Dnieper fell by another 5 centimeters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3699519-u-kievi-za-den-riven-vodi-u-dnipri-vpav-se-na-5-santimetriv.html
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(17:08). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43607
More than 1200 farms remain flooded in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699520-v-ukraini-zalisautsa-pidtoplenimi-ponad-1200-dvorogospodarstv.html
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(17:14). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43608
In Severodonetsk, Russians under the pretext of repairs are engaged in looting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699525-u-severodonecku-rosiani-pid-privodom-remontiv-zajmautsa-maroderstvom.html
Prigogine probably convinces Putin to go to defense before the Counfield of the Armed Forces - isw
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699522-prigozin-imovirno-perekonue-putina-perejti-do-oboroni-pered-kontrnastupom-zsu-isw.html
Ukrainian tennis players won the ITF tournament in Spain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699527-ukrainski-tenisisti-vigrali-turnir-itf-v-ispanii.html
Above Mariupol increased the activity of enemy aviation - Andryushchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699528-nad-mariupolem-posililas-aktivnist-vorozoi-aviacii-andrusenko.html
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(17:37). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43610
The Latvian government will allocate € 4 million for language courses for Ukrainian refugees
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3699529-urad-latvii-vidilit-4-miljoni-na-navcanna-ukrainskih-bizenciv-latiskoi-movi.html
Humeniuk calls for information silence about the landing of the Armed Forces on the Left Bank
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699531-gumenuk-zaklikae-do-informacijnoi-tisi-sodo-visadki-zsu-na-livomu-berezi.html
Russia has brought two rocket launchers with eight "caliber" to the Black Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699534-rosia-vivela-u-corne-more-dva-raketonosii-z-vismoma-kalibrami.html
Became the famous composition of the national team of Ukraine for the World Judo World Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699535-stav-vidomij-sklad-zbirnoi-ukraini-na-cempionat-svitu-z-dzudo.html
France commented on the statement of the People's Republic of China to Paris on the sovereignty of the former Soviet republics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699536-u-francii-prokomentuvali-zaavu-posla-knr-u-parizi-sodo-suverenitetu-kolisnih-radanskih-respublik.html
In Khmelnytskyi, another parish went to the PCC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699537-na-hmelniccini-se-odna-parafia-perejsla-do-pcu.html
The Russians received a new Shamos Party and try to find our air defense - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699542-rosiani-otrimali-novu-partiu-sahediv-i-namagautsa-znajti-nasu-ppo-gumenuk.html
Grain and fuel prices: G7 ministers are concerned about the war on food safety
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699541-stribok-cin-na-zerno-ta-palivo-ministri-g7-sturbovani-vplivom-vijni-na-prodovolcu-bezpeku.html
The share of Chinese yuan in global payments in March increased to 2.26%
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699546-castka-kitajskogo-uana-v-globalnih-platezah-u-berezni-zrosla-do-226.html
Books without borders are being implemented in 37 countries - Zelenskaya
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3699547-proekt-knizki-bez-kordoniv-realizuut-uze-v-37-krainah-zelenska.html
The movie "Between Heaven and Mountains" will show on Treto Film Festival
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3699548-film-miz-nebom-ta-gorami-pokazut-na-trento-film-festival.html
In the north of France the car drove into the crowd at the festival, at least 11 victims
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699543-na-pivnoci-francii-avtomobil-vihav-u-natovp-na-festivali-sonajmense-11-postrazdalih.html
In Sophia Cathedral presented an exhibition dedicated to the dead of the Terroborons fighters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3699553-u-sofijskomu-sobori-prezentuvali-vistavku-prisvacenu-zagiblim-bijcam-teroboroni.html
5 Russian attacks today in Nikopol using drones
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/40359
Democracy must be in line with the attempts of autocracy to dispose of the world order - Yermak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699556-demokratia-mae-vidpovidati-silou-na-sprobi-avtokratii-obnuliti-svitovij-poradok-ermak.html
The first Junior Expo 2023 youth entrepreneurship fair is held in Lviv in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699562-u-lvovi-prohodit-persij-v-ukraini-armarok-molodiznogo-pidpriemnictva-junior-expo-2023.html
In the Nikolaev area, the anti -aircraft were knocked down by a Russian reconnaissance drone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699565-na-mikolaivsini-zenitniki-zbili-rosijskij-rozviduvalnij-bezpilotnik.html
Musk replied King that Zadonative $ 100 million for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3699574-mask-vidpoviv-kingu-so-zadonativ-100-miljoniv-dla-ukraini.html
Chief of Russian mercenaries of PMC Wagner Group Prigozhin says his fighters will not take an...
https://t.me/bbbreaking/153616
In Istanbul, a executive party's office was fired from weapons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699576-u-stambuli-ofis-kerivnoi-partii-obstrilali-zi-zbroi.html
Ukrainian freestylists have completed the season "gold" and "silver" of the European Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699580-ukrainski-fristajlisti-zaversili-sezon-zolotom-ta-sriblom-kubka-evropi.html
The Polish Foreign Ministry criticized Germany's position on Ukraine's accession to NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699585-u-mzs-polsi-rozkritikuvali-poziciu-nimeccini-sodo-vstupu-ukraini-do-nato.html
In the south, the anti-aircraft was destroyed by four Russian Drons-Kamikadze Lacet
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699586-na-pivdni-zenitniki-znisili-cotiri-rosijski-dronikamikadze-lancet.html
UPL: Lviv lost to Metalist 1925
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699595-upl-lviv-prograv-metalistu-1925.html
Vinnytsia and German Carlsruhe became twin cities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699598-vinnica-ta-nimecke-karlsrue-stali-mistamipobratimami.html
The Defense Ministry showed how the tactical classes of Ukrainian paratroopers take place
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699597-u-minoboroni-pokazali-ak-prohodat-takticni-zanatta-ukrainskih-desantnikiv.html
In Dnipropetrovsk, more than 150 objects remain flooded through waterfalls
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699599-na-dnipropetrovsini-cerez-vodopilla-zalisautsa-pidtoplenimi-ponad-150-obektiv.html
Pope urged the world not to forget about Ukrainians suffering from war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699602-papa-rimskij-zaklikav-svit-ne-zabuvati-pro-ukrainciv-aki-strazdaut-vid-vijni.html
Ukrainian Onoprienko - the second in exercises with maces on the COP in Baku
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699605-ukrainka-onoprienko-druga-u-vpravah-z-bulavami-na-ks-v-baku.html
PACE will hold a debate on the participation of Russian and Belarusian athletes at the 2024 Olympics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699607-u-pare-provedut-debati-sodo-ucasti-rosijskih-ta-biloruskih-sportsmeniv-na-olimpiadi2024.html
Prometheus won the Volleyball Super League of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699609-prometej-vigrav-volejbolnu-superligu-ukraini.html
Warsaw has a charity business forum Be Brave Like Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3699610-u-varsavi-vidbuvsa-blagodijnij-biznesforum-be-brave-like-ukraine.html
Reznikov, together with the Odessa Chernomorets, collect a team from the Ministers of Defense of Partner countries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699615-reznikov-razom-z-odeskim-cornomorcem-zbiraut-komandu-iz-ministriv-oboroni-krainpartneriv.html
Vienna City Marathon this year gathered 40,000 participants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699618-videnskij-miskij-marafon-zibrav-cogoric-40-tisac-ucasnikiv.html
British diplomats were evacuated from Sudan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699620-britanskih-diplomativ-evakuuvali-iz-sudanu.html
Russian troops massively fired a village in Kherson region, two wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699621-rosijski-vijska-obstrilali-selo-na-hersonsini-dvoe-poranenih.html
On the Day of the Charles III Coronation Newborn Children will get a memorial mug
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699628-u-den-koronacii-carlza-iii-novonarodzeni-diti-otrimaut-pamatnij-kuhol.html
Obolon FC won "Polesie" and headed the first league
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699629-fk-obolon-peremig-polissa-j-ocoliv-persu-ligu.html
In Kenya found dozens of bodies of believers who were starving to death
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699632-u-kenii-viavili-desatki-til-viran-aki-goloduvali-do-smerti.html
In the direction of Kiev is complicated traffic through an accident
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3699633-u-napramku-kieva-uskladnenij-ruh-transportu-cerez-dtp.html
Within the framework of the action "Ukrainian children - Ukrainian Book" more than 50 thousand books were handed over
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3699635-u-ramkah-akcii-ukrainskim-ditam-ukrainsku-knigu-peredali-ponad-50-tisac-knizok.html
Putin's compromise will become a fatal mistake - Dmitry Kuleb
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699636-kompromis-iz-putinim-stane-fatalnou-pomilkou-dmitro-kuleba.html
In Dubensky Castle, a children's point "jointly" from UNICEF was launched
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699641-u-dubenskomu-zamku-zapracuvala-ditaca-tocka-spilno-vid-unisef.html
Russian troops fired a cemetery in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699619-vijska-rf-obstrilali-kladovise-na-hersonsini.html
Postol: I was offered a fight against Belarus, but I immediately refused
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699647-postol-meni-proponuvali-bij-proti-bilorusa-ale-a-odrazu-vidmovivsa.html
G7 labor ministers urge to invest in people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699648-ministri-praci-krain-g7-zaklikaut-investuvati-v-ludej.html
Hostile planes move towards the south, can be used managed airbags - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699654-vorozi-litaki-ruhautsa-u-bik-pivdna-mozut-zastosuvati-kerovani-aviabombi-ignat.html
Japan launched in Okinawa cross -clippers of ballistic missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699657-aponia-rozgornula-na-okinavi-perehopluvaci-balisticnih-raket.html
The invaders dumped the shells on Nikopol, three wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699659-zagarbniki-skinuli-snaradi-na-nikopol-troe-poranenih.html
Promised by Air Defense Partners already on the way to their future positions - Air Force
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699662-obicani-partnerami-sistemi-ppo-vze-u-dorozi-do-svoih-majbutnih-pozicij-povitrani-sili.html
Hockey: The national team of Ukraine gave way to China in Overtime on the World Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699666-hokej-zbirna-ukraini-postupilasa-kitau-v-overtajmi-na-cs.html
As a result of the shelling of Kherson region three people are injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699652-unaslidok-obstriliv-hersonsini-poraneni-tri-ludini.html
Aviation of Defense Forces has struck 11 blows on Russian invaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699672-aviacia-sil-oboroni-zavdala-11-udariv-po-rosijskih-zagarbnikah.html
La Liga: Barcelona won "Athletico" minimally
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699673-la-liga-barselona-minimalno-peremogla-atletiko.html
In Russia, it was reacted to a non -giving visa to its journalists to work at the UN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699655-u-rosii-vidreaguvali-na-nevidacu-viz-ii-zurnalistam-dla-roboti-v-oon.html
Kenya has exhumed bodies already 47 people who were starving to death
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699674-u-kenii-eksgumuvali-tila-vze-47-osib-aki-goloduvali-do-smerti.html
President FSU Zubko: Coach Staff received one task from the federation - to win
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699680-prezident-fhu-zubko-trenerskij-stab-otrimav-vid-federacii-odne-zavdanna-peremagati.html
The actions of the Russians in the Tavriysk direction became more intense - military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699681-najblizcim-casom-vorog-sprobue-sturmuvati-vugledarskij-napramok-vijskovi.html
One of the richest deputies of the State Duma of the Russian Federation died, who was sentenced in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699675-pomer-odin-iz-najbagatsih-deputativ-derzdumi-rf-akogo-zasudili-v-ukraini.html
Ukrainian Oliynikov defeated Lithuanian Bubelite in the ITF 15 finals in Spain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699688-ukrainka-olijnikova-peremogla-litovku-bubelite-u-finali-itf-15-v-ispanii.html
Patriot can knock down the C -300 missiles but rationally destroy these SCRs on Earth - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699667-patriot-moze-zbivati-raketi-s300-ale-racionalnise-nisiti-ci-zrk-na-zemli-ignat.html
Twitter renewed a blue tick for famous accounts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3699606-twitter-vidnoviv-sinu-galocku-dla-vidomih-akauntiv.html
Zelensky thanked the forces of defense who showed the result in battle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699698-zelenskij-podakuvav-silam-oboroni-aki-pokazali-rezultat-u-bou.html
In Ukraine, rains are expected, sometimes with thunderstorms, in the afternoon up to 19 ° heat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699593-v-ukraini-ocikuutsa-dosi-podekudi-iz-grozami-vden-do-19-tepla.html
Stefanchuk arrived in Prague to participate in the EU Parliament Speakers Conference
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699694-stefancuk-pribuv-do-pragi-dla-ucasti-u-konferencii-spikeriv-parlamentiv-es.html
President: Our victory in this war will be common - everyone who was approaching it
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699696-zelenskij-nasa-peremoga-v-cij-vijni-bude-spilnou-usih-hto-ii-nablizav.html
Ukrainians won silver and bronze at the European Championships in Greco-Roman Wrestling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699697-ukrainci-zdobuli-sriblo-ta-bronzu-na-cempionati-evropi-z-grekorimskoi-borotbi.html
Humeniuk explained why the enemy strengthened the shelling of the Right Bank of Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699682-gumenuk-poasnila-comu-vorog-posiliv-obstrili-pravoberezza-hersonsini.html
Manchester United went out to the Final of the Cup of England
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699699-mancester-unajted-vijsov-u-final-kubka-anglii.html
Zelensky announced several important international events for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699701-zelenskij-anonsuvav-dekilka-vazlivih-miznarodnih-podij-dla-ukraini.html
The reeds were burning in Kiev, the fire was eliminated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3699705-u-kievi-goriv-oceret-pozezu-likviduvali.html
The Russians during the day fired two communities in Sumy region - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699702-rosiani-uprodovz-dna-obstrilali-dvi-gromadi-na-sumsini-ova.html
The German General called on the government to transfer to Ukraine more ammunition for air defense and F-16 fighters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699709-nimeckij-general-zaklikav-urad-peredati-ukraini-bilse-boepripasiv-dla-ppo-ta-vinisuvaci-f16.html
States lowed their representation in the UN Council during the presidency of Russia - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699708-stati-ponizili-riven-svogo-predstavnictva-v-radbezi-oon-pid-cas-golovuvanna-rosii-derzdep.html
Ukrainian Paravoleibolists have become vicewiches at the International Tournament in Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699712-ukrainski-paravolejbolisti-stali-vicecempionami-na-miznarodnomu-turniri-u-nimeccini.html
In Russia, the second one for the day of the State Duma from the ruling party died
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699689-u-rosii-pomer-drugij-za-den-deputat-derzdumi-vid-pravlacoi-partii.html
Sudan was evacuated by the first group of the Dutch
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699714-iz-sudanu-evakuuvali-persu-grupu-niderlandciv.html
Borrel called the "unacceptable" statement the Ambassador of China on the sovereignty of the former Soviet republics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699715-borrel-nazvav-neprijnatnou-zaavu-posla-knr-sodo-suverenitetu-kolisnih-radanskih-respublik.html
Syrsky: The Armed Forces in Bakhmut continue to keep strategic borders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699716-sirskij-proihav-vsieu-linieu-zitknenna-na-bahmutskomu-napramku.html
In Kherson region, the occupiers are forcibly evicting the residents of the left bank of the Dnieper
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/na-hersonshhyni-okupanty-prymusovo-vysylyayut-meshkancziv-livogo-berega-dnipra/
The head of state signed decrees on imposing sanctions on 422 individuals and legal entities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/glava-derzhavy-pidpysav-ukazy-pro-vvedennya-sankczij-shhodo-422-fizychnyh-ta-yurydychnyh-osib/
The occupiers return the forced “proof”
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/na-tot-okupanty-povertayut-prymusovu-prodrazverstku/
Ukraine begins to build a critical infrastructure protection system according to the best practices
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/ukrayina-pochynaye-buduvaty-systemu-zahystu-krytychnoyi-infrastruktury-vidpovidno-do-najkrashhyh-svitovyh-praktyk/
Regional authorities are involved in the search for missing persons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/regionalni-organy-vlady-zaluchayutsya-do-poshuku-znyklyh-bezvisty/
Russia should be stopped and held accountable for international criminals - the Prosecutor General of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/slid-zupynyty-rosiyu-ta-prytyagnuty-do-vidpovidalnosti-mizhnarodnyh-zlochyniv-genprokuror-ukrayiny/
Defense forces repelled 58 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/syly-oborony-vidbyly-58-atak-protyvnyka/
The Armed Forces struck 4 areas of focus of enemy's living power and 2 ammunition deposits
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/zsu-urazyly-4-rajony-zoseredzhennya-zhyvoyi-syly-voroga-ta-2-sklady-boyeprypasiv/
Ukraine is ready for deepening cooperation with cyber defense partners
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/ukrayina-gotova-do-poglyblennya-spivpraczi-z-partneramy-u-sferi-kiberzahystu/
Enemy Loss per day: Almost 700 invaders, 3 tanks and 5 artisystems have been eliminated
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-majzhe-700-okupantiv-3-tanky-i-5-artsystem/
The ship group of occupiers in the Black Sea has 10 units, two of which underwater rocket launchers - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/korabelne-ugrupovannya-okupantiv-u-chornomu-mori-nalichuye-10-odynycz-dva-iz-yakyh-pidvodni-raketonosiyi-nataliya-gumenyuk/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-2/
Alexei Reznikov thanked the Ministers of Defense of Germany and Spain for Leopard tanks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/oleksij-reznikov-podyakuvav-ministram-oborony-nimechchyny-ta-ispaniyi-za-tanky-leopard/
We do not ask for hostile purposes about their "freshness", we destroy them!- Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/ne-zapytuyemo-u-vorozhyh-czilej-pro-yihnyu-svizhist-my-yih-nyshhymo-yurij-ignat/
Over the past day, the SES units made 153 trips to eliminate the consequences of Russian shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/za-mynulu-doby-pidrozdily-dsns-zdijsnyly-153-vyyizdy-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-rosijskyh-obstriliv/
Air Force Air Force spokesman: Foreign air defense systems can be received now, and the planes are waiting with hope
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/rechnyk-povitryanyh-syl-zsu-inozemni-systemy-ppo-mozhna-otrymuvaty-vzhe-i-zaraz-a-litaky-chekayemo-z-nadiyeyu/
"Kherson's lessons for the invaders have not been in vain - they are panicked" - Alexey Dmitrashkivsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/uroky-hersona-dlya-okupantiv-ne-mynuly-daremno-vony-panichno-boyatsya-oleksij-dmytrashkivskyj/
During the last day, Russian troops fired the territory of 8 regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-rosijski-vijska-obstrilyaly-terytoriyu-8-oblastej-ukrayiny-2/
“Our strength is in our people” - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/nasha-syla-v-nashyh-lyudyah-prezydent-ukrayiny/
US lawmakers called on Russia to immediately return deported Ukrainian children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/amerykanski-zakonodavczi-zaklykaly-rosiyu-negajno-povernuty-deportovanyh-ukrayinskyh-ditej/
The Prosecutor General's office has documented more than 82 thousand military crimes of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/ofis-genprokurora-zadokumentuvav-ponad-82-tysyachi-voyennyh-zlochyniv-rf/
Doctors make an invaluable contribution to the state's defense capability - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/likari-roblyat-svij-neoczinennyj-vnesok-v-oboronozdatnist-derzhavy-ganna-malyar/
An on -site meeting of the Provisional Special Commission of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine took place in Kharkiv
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/u-harkovi-vidbulosya-vyyizne-zasidannya-tymchasovoyi-speczialnoyi-komisiyi-verhovnoyi-rady-ukrayiny/
In the Nikolaevshchina a Russian reconnaissance drone was shot down
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/na-mykolayivshhyni-zbyto-rosijskyj-rozviduvalnyj-bezpilotnyk/
The Russian Federation continues to violate the International Convention on the Protection of Human Life at Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/komanduvannya-vms-zsu-oprylyudnylo-dani-pro-kilkist-korabliv-rf-u-chornomu-seredzemnomu-ta-azovskomu-moryah/
New anti -Russian sanctions: MIC, political parties and persons close to oligarchs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/novi-antyrosijski-sankcziyi-vpk-politychni-partiyi-ta-osoby-nablyzheni-do-oligarhiv/
The General Staff showed training of landing units
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/genshtab-pokazav-trenuvannya-desantno-shturmovyh-pidrozdiliv/
Russians plan to mobilize migrants from Central Asia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/rosiyany-planuyut-mobilizovuvaty-migrantiv-z-czentralnoyi-aziyi/
"True peace is the restoration of internationally recognized borders of Ukraine" - Dmytro Kuleba
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/spravzhnij-myr-cze-vidnovlennya-mizhnarodno-vyznanyh-kordoniv-ukrayiny-dmytro-kuleba/
International organizations continue to assist Ukrainians who have left their homes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/mizhnarodni-organizacziyi-prodovzhuyut-nadavaty-dopomogu-ukrayinczyam-yaki-vymusheno-pokynuly-svoyi-domivky/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 11 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-11-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
The enemy concentrates offensive efforts on Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/vorog-zoseredzhuye-nastupalni-osnovni-zusyllya-na-bahmutskomu-avdiyivskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah/
The Russian Federation uses up to 40 airports for air attacks in Ukraine - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/rf-vykorystovuye-do-40-letovyshh-dlya-povitryanyh-atak-po-ukrayini-yurij-ignat/
In the northern direction of signs of offensive groups of the Russians not revealed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/na-pivnichnomu-napryamku-oznak-nastupalnyh-ugrupovan-rosiyan-ne-vyyavleno/
Medical institutions in the temporarily captured territories are overflowing with unarmed invaders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/medzaklady-na-tymchasovo-zahoplenyh-terytoriyah-perepovneni-nedostrilyanymy-zagarbnykamy/
The Wagnerians have already started to find out relationships with Rashist soldiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/vagnerivczi-vzhe-pochaly-zyasovuvaty-stosunky-z-rashystskymy-voyakamy/
Our victory in this war will be common - everyone who was approaching it - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/nasha-peremoga-v-czij-vijni-bude-spilnoyu-usih-hto-yiyi-nablyzhav-prezydent-ukrayiny/
According to the online platform "Children of War" 19 393 Ukrainian children were deported by rashists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/za-danymy-onlajn-platformy-dity-vijny-19-393-ukrayinskyh-ditej-deportovano-rashystamy/
Some aspects of social protection: Topical advice from the Cabinet of Ministers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/deyaki-aspekty-soczzahystu-aktualni-porady-vid-kabminu/
The Fighters of the Armed Forces found "Superbacteria", resistant to antibiotics - CPD about fakes of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/u-bijcziv-zsu-znajshly-superbakteriyi-stijki-do-antybiotykiv-czpd-pro-fejky-rf/
On the fact of today's shelling, Nikopol drones have started pre -trial reconciliation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/za-faktom-sogodnishnogo-obstrilu-bezpilotnykamy-nikopolya-rozpochato-dosudove-rozsluduvannya/
Short. War. Day 424
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/korotko-vijna-den-424/
In Italy a day rescued over one hundred migrants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699665-v-italii-za-dobu-vratuvali-ponad-sto-migrantiv.html
Humeniuk announced the "cotton" season in temporarily occupied Crimea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3699717-gumenuk-anonsuvala-sezon-bavovni-u-timcasovo-okupovanomu-krimu.html
在乌克兰，北极光对于我们的纬度极为罕见
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699718-v-ukraini-zafiksuvali-pivnicne-sajvo.html
Minoreintegration has published algorithms of actions for families missing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/minreintegracziyi-opublikuvalo-algorytmy-dij-dlya-rodyn-znyklyh-bezvisty/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====