乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-28

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled Krasne First, Figolivka, Novomlinsk, two -year, M ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5201
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske, Serebryanka...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5202
JSC Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Markovo, Chrome, Time Yar, Ivanovsk ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5203
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Sukha Balka, Avdiivka, Orlovka, Water, Karlik ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5204
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Heorhiy Vika, Maryinka and Pobeda of Donetsk region...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5205
At Shakhtarsk Directive Russian Army Shelled Ilyinka, Paraskoveevka, Novomikhailivka, Vuhle ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5206
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled  Temyrivka, Novodarivka, Levadne,...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5207
They will judge a traitor from Crimea, who in the ranks of the FSB investigated the case against prisoners of Ukrainian sailors and pursued the Crimean Tatars
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/27/sudytymut-zradnyka-z-krymu-yakyj-u-lavah-fsb-rozsliduvav-spravu-proty-polonenyh-ukrayinskyh-moryakiv-ta-peresliduvav-krymskyh-tatar/
8 years behind the lattice will conduct the FSB informant who "drained" the Locations of the Armed Forces near Nikolaev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/27/8-rokiv-za-gratamy-provede-informator-fsb-yakyj-zlyvav-lokacziyi-zsu-poblyzu-mykolayeva/
Defense forces struck 12 enemy artillery units
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/27/syly-oborony-urazyly-12-artylerijskyh-pidrozdiliv-voroga/
Air defense forces destroyed 2 winged missiles and 7 Shahmed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/27/sylamy-ppo-znyshheno-2-krylati-rakety-ta-7-shahediv/
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated 590 invaders, destroyed 28 Artisystems, 14 BBM and 2 RSZV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/27/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-590-okupantiv-znyshhyly-28-artsystem-14-bbm-i-2-rszv/
About the disappearance of man the military unit sends to his native notifications on the results of official investigation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/27/pro-znyknennya-lyudyny-vijskova-chastyna-nadsylaye-ridnym-spovishhennya-za-rezultatamy-sluzhbovogo-rozsliduvannya/
Families of missing persons can get free legal advice
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/27/rodyny-znyklyh-bezvisty-mozhut-otrymaty-bezkoshtovnu-yurydychnu-konsultacziyu/
Today in all directions our soldiers had a forward advance, and this is a happy day - the president
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/27/sogodni-na-vsih-napryamkah-u-nashyh-voyiniv-bulo-prosuvannya-vpered-i-cze-shhaslyvyj-den-prezydent/
The head of state visited the leading positions of Ukrainian troops in Zaporozhye
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/27/glava-derzhavy-vidvidav-peredovi-pozycziyi-ukrayinskyh-vijsk-na-zaporizhzhi/
The National Information Bureau has developed a correspondence rule for families of prisoners
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/27/naczionalne-informaczijne-byuro-rozrobylo-pravylo-lystuvannya-dlya-rodyn-polonenyh/
The occupier's wife told him about the reasons for continuing and scaling mobilization
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/27/druzhyna-okupanta-rozpovila-jomu-pro-prychyny-prodovzhennya-ta-masshtabuvannya-mobilizacziyi/
38 combat clashes took place in Liman, Bakhmut and Marinskaya Directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/27/38-bojovyh-zitknen-vidbulosya-na-lymanskomu-bahmutskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah/
NATO summit and military needs of Ukraine: Dmytro Kuleba has a conversation with the Foreign Minister of Canada
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/27/samit-nato-ta-vijskovi-potreby-ukrayiny-dmytro-kuleba-proviv-rozmovu-iz-glavoyu-mzs-kanady/
Another "official" of the Russian Kativni, who acted during the occupation of Kherson
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/27/zatrymano-shhe-odnogo-posadovczya-rosijskoyi-kativni-yaka-diyala-pid-chas-okupacziyi-hersona/
Front guns are testing a unique complex- "Invisible" arthraun: Report from "zeros"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/27/frontovi-garmashi-testuyut-unikalnyj-kompleks-nevydymku-artrozvidky-reportazh-z-nuliv/
The Wild Duck Squad turned into a rifle air forces brigade
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/27/zvedenyj-zagin-dyka-kachka-peretvoryvsya-na-strileczku-brygadu-povitryanyh-syl/
The occupiers made a rocket strike on Kramatorsk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/27/raketnyj-udar-okupantiv-po-kramatorsku/
Among the victims of rocket stroke on Kramatorsk - children and foreign citizens
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/27/sered-zhertv-raketnogo-udaru-po-kramatorsku-dity-ta-inozemni-gromadyany/
The number of injured as a result of rocket attack on Kramatorsk increases
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/27/kilkist-poranenyh-vnaslidok-raketnoyi-ataky-kramatorska-zrostaye/
Ukraine appreciates the readiness of Lithuania and Poland to assist on the way to the EU and NATO - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729026-ukraina-cinue-gotovnist-litvi-ta-polsi-dopomagati-na-slahu-do-es-ta-nato-smigal.html
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Katerynivka, Elizabeth, Bogoyavlenka, good ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5215
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Novodarivka, Olhivske, Poltavka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5216
Ukrainian fighters "Igla" knocked down the Russian Su-25 fighter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729020-ukrainski-bijci-iglou-zbili-rosijskij-vinisuvac-su25.html
EU in the European Union is planned to introduce an "euro"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728999-v-evrosouzi-planuut-vvesti-elektronne-evro.html
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5217
In Serbia and Montenegro will release the cartoon "Mavka"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3728959-u-serbii-ta-cornogorii-vijde-u-prokat-multfilm-mavka.html
In the center of Kiev, over 3,000 square meters of paving stones have already been translated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3728926-u-centri-kieva-pereklali-vze-ponad-3-tisaci-kvadratnih-metriv-brukivki.html
Purchased by Lithuania two NASAMS settings will soon arrive in Ukraine - Nauseda
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728922-pridbani-litvou-dvi-ustanovki-nasams-nezabarom-pribudut-do-ukraini-nauseda.html
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Masutivka, Kyslivka, Kotlyarivka and Berestove of ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5210
India gave Vietnam a warship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729039-india-podaruvala-vetnamu-vijskovij-korabel.html
The "Wagner" in Belarus will be few, because Ukrainian soldiers destroyed them over 20,000 - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728914-vagnerivciv-u-bilorusi-bude-nebagato-bo-ukrainski-voini-znisili-ih-ponad-20-tisac-zelenskij.html
Ukrainian farmers expect high wheat yield
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3728906-ukrainski-fermeri-ocikuut-visoku-vrozajnist-psenici.html
Tekbolist Shevchuk: We set ourselves the purpose of reaching the quarterfinals of European games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729037-tekbolist-sevcuk-stavimo-pered-sobou-cil-vijti-do-cvertfinalu-evropejskih-igor.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Dibrova, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Ya...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5211
Bax arrested the head of the Ternopil Regional Council Golovka
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729035-vaks-arestuvav-golovu-ternopilskoi-oblradi-golovka.html
The Ukrainian duo jumped into the water of Kolodiy and Konovalov won another "gold" of European Games 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729033-ukrainskij-duet-stribuniv-u-vodu-kolodij-i-konovalov-zdobuv-cergove-zoloto-evropejskih-igor2023.html
AT Bakhmut Direction Rusian Army Shelled Nikiforivka, Vasukivka, Rozdolivka, Markovo, Chromo
https://t.me/lumsrc/5212
Zelensky told Poland and Lithuanian presidents about the needs of Ukrainian troops
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729032-zelenskij-rozpoviv-prezidentam-polsi-j-litvi-pro-potrebi-ukrainskih-vijsk.html
Turkey accused Sweden in complicity in the burning of the Qur'an
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729031-tureccina-zvinuvatila-sveciu-u-spivucasti-v-spalenni-koranu.html
JS
https://t.me/lumsrc/5213
Dmytro Kuleba warned the OSCE of the risks of committing Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729029-dmitro-kuleba-poperediv-obse-pro-riziki-vcinenna-rosieu-teraktu-na-zaes.html
In Ukraine tomorrow short -term rains and thunderstorms, in the afternoon to +23 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3728804-v-ukraini-zavtra-korotkocasni-dosi-ta-grozi-vden-do-23.html
At NATO Summit, it is important to get a mechanism for effective security guarantees - Stefanchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729023-na-samiti-nato-ukraini-vazlivo-otrimati-mehanizm-dievih-garantij-bezpeki-stefancuk.html
Death toll of Russian missile strike with Iskander missile in Kramatorsk increased to 8 dead,...
https://t.me/suspilnedonbas/14350
Ukrainian air defense shot down 6 Shahed drones overnight
https://t.me/kpszsu/2902
Explosions reported in Melitopol
https://t.me/lachentyt/31185
Ukrainian Defense forces advance near Rozdolivka, north to Soledar, south to Paraskoviivka,...
https://www.facebook.com/GeneralStaff.ua/posts/pfbid09ZY2o4QTsXEban1NfVcYDsS5U7Tk3v5VY5bdNSyYQL15KTgbSxDC8VafVVTrrumtl
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Zarichchya and Tymonovych...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5209
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Maryinka, Illinka and Pobyeda of Donetsk region. R...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5214
Death toll of a missile strike in Kramatorsk increased to 10, 3 more person could be under th...
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/55383
3 people killed at Vovchanski Khutory as result of Russian shelling
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/26300
Presidents of Poland and Lithuania to meet Zelensky in Kyiv
https://t.me/liganet/28665
Where to go to the families of missing in Donetsk, Kherson, Ivano-Frankivsk, Kirovograd regions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/kudy-zvertatysya-rodynam-znyklyh-bezvisty-u-doneczkij-hersonskij-ivano-frankivskij-kirovogradskij-oblastyah/
Mobile Mobile Class Mine Safety is working in the Zaporozhye region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/u-zaporizkij-oblasti-praczyuye-peresuvnyj-mobilnyj-klas-z-minnoyi-bezpeky/
The President met with Magura's Main Master-Satellite Valery Marcus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729058-prezident-zustrivsa-z-golovnim-majsterserzantom-brigadi-magura-valeriem-markusom.html
Poland strengthens its border with Belarus through the "Wagner"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729060-polsa-ukriplue-svij-kordon-z-bilorussu-cerez-vagnerivciv.html
The terrorist state and the abductor of Ukrainian children-Russia-is not a place in the OSCE!- Vesespicler Elena Kondratyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/derzhavi-terorystu-ta-vykradachu-ukrayinskyh-ditej-rosiyi-ne-miscze-v-obsye-viczespikerka-olena-kondratyuk/
Gaverz went to Arsenal with Chelsea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729061-gaverc-perejsov-perejsov-v-arsenal-z-celsi.html
How does integrated airfilling and NATO anti -missile defense work
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/yak-praczyuye-integrovana-protypovitryana-ta-protyraketna-oborona-nato/
Russia should feel that the price of terror for her will only increase - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729063-rosia-mae-vidcuvati-so-cina-teroru-dla-nei-lise-zbilsuvatimetsa-zelenskij.html
Planet Labs showed satellite images of a probable "Wagner" camp in Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729065-planet-labs-pokazav-suputnikovi-znimki-jmovirnogo-taboru-vagnerivciv-u-bilorusi.html
Ukraine's potential is able to provide GDP at $ 1 Trillion - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3728874-potencial-ukraini-zdaten-zabezpeciti-vvp-na-rivni-1-triljona-zelenskij.html
Lubinets: We know the name of every Crimean Muslim, which is in the captivity of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3728869-lubinec-znaemo-ima-koznogo-krimskogo-musulmanina-akij-znahoditsa-u-poloni-rf.html
China's Foreign Ministry does not deny the words of his ambassador to the EU's support of Ukraine's borders in 1991
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728887-mzs-kitau-ne-zaperecue-sliv-svogo-posla-v-es-pro-pidtrimku-kordoniv-ukraini-1991-roku.html
Zelensky: Our goal is tax -free tax, customs without customs officers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3728879-zelenskij-nasa-meta-podatkova-bez-podatkivciv-mitnica-bez-mitnikiv.html
Ukrainians won the gold of European games in the team shooting tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3728870-ukrainki-vigrali-zoloto-evropejskih-igor-u-komandnomu-turniri-z-kulovoi-strilbi.html
Cherkasy honored the memory of one of the creators of the Constitution of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3728880-u-cerkasah-vsanuvali-pamat-zemlaka-odnogo-iz-tvorciv-konstitucii-ukraini.html
The World Congress of Ukrainians expressed greetings on the occasion of Constitution Day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3728885-svitovij-kongres-ukrainciv-visloviv-vitanna-z-nagodi-dna-konstitucii.html
NATO countries should stop looking at the Kremlin when making important decisions - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3728888-kraini-nato-maut-perestati-oziratisa-na-kreml-pri-uhvalenni-vazlivih-risen-zelenskij.html
The work of Smetanin at the head of Ukroboronprom will monitor the Independent Anti -Corruption Committee
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3728890-za-robotou-smetanina-na-coli-ukroboronpromu-stezitime-nezaleznij-antikorupcijnij-komitet.html
Ukraine will take place in Ukraine to overcome the consequences of a possible ZPP accident
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3728893-v-ukraini-projdut-navcanna-z-podolanna-naslidkiv-mozlivoi-avarii-na-zaes.html
Ukraine should become an exporter of high value -added goods - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3728892-ukraina-mae-stati-eksporterom-tovariv-z-visokou-dodanou-vartistu-prezident.html
Market demand for mortgage loans is almost no - NBU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3728895-rinkovogo-popitu-na-ipotecni-krediti-majze-nemae-nbu.html
Ukrenergo has performed about half of the work to restore their own networks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3728894-ukrenergo-vikonalo-blizko-polovini-robit-iz-vidnovlenna-vlasnih-merez.html
Astronomers showed the nebula that reminds them of the head of the red cat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3728897-astronomi-pokazali-tumannist-so-nagadue-im-golovu-rudogo-kota.html
In Ukraine, more than three thousand cases are being investigated on the facts of civilian abduction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3728847-v-ukraini-rozsliduut-ponad-tri-tisaci-sprav-za-faktami-vikradenna-civilnih.html
Zelensky: Russia's leadership should not avoid responsibility because of alleged "immunity"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728901-zelenskij-kerivnictvo-rosii-ne-mae-uniknuti-vidpovidalnosti-cerez-nibito-imunitet.html
The head of a minestable will control the state of shelter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/golova-minstrategpromu-kontrolyuvatyme-stan-ukryttiv/
Zelensky in Kiev met with Presidents of Poland and Lithuania
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3728923-zelenskij-u-kievi-zustrivsa-z-prezidentami-polsi-ta-litvi.html
Privatbank leaves the estimates for ecuilers with the unchanged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3728877-privatbank-zalisae-tarifi-na-ekvajring-nezminnimi.html
In Kiev, military and volunteers were presented with the mayor's honors
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3728891-u-kievi-vijskovim-i-dobrovolcam-vrucili-vidznaki-miskogo-golovi.html
Potential allows Ukraine to become one of Europe's energy security guarantors - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3728904-potencial-dozvolae-ukraini-stati-odnim-iz-garantiv-energeticnoi-bezpeki-evropi-zelenskij.html
Ukrenergo has attracted almost € 900 million from international partners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3728905-ukrenergo-zalucilo-vid-miznarodnih-partneriv-majze-900-miljoniv.html
For each region of Ukraine there should be its own vision of transformation - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3728907-dla-koznogo-regionu-ukraini-mae-buti-svoa-vizia-transformacii-zelenskij.html
Ukraine should become a country where you will not call anyone an oligarch - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3728909-ukraina-mae-stati-krainou-de-nikogo-ne-nazves-oligarhom-zelenskij.html
Six UPL Six Club players reached 1/4 of the Euro-2023 youth
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3728910-futbolisti-sesti-klubiv-upl-vijsli-do-14-finalu-molodiznogo-evro2023.html
Macron condemned the murder of a teenager in Paris
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728911-makron-zasudiv-vbivstvo-policejskim-pidlitka-u-parizi.html
In Lviv near the Opera House, a sculpture of the giant "Mr. Arbitrium" was installed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3728903-u-lvovi-bila-opernogo-teatru-vstanovili-skulpturu-veletna-mister-arbitrium.html
Ukraine will always help the neighboring countries to defend-President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3728913-ukraina-zavzdi-dopomagatime-krainamsusidam-zahisatisa-prezident.html
In Kharkiv region, electricity supply in the village of Upper Salt was restored
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3728916-na-harkivsini-vidnovili-elektropostacanna-v-seli-verhnij-saltiv.html
The Council has been submitted by a bill that enhances responsibility for corruption - Maslov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729067-u-radu-podano-zakonoproekt-so-posilue-vidpovidalnist-za-korupciu-maslov.html
Wizz Air got its first Airbus collected in China
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3728917-wizz-air-otrimala-svij-persij-airbus-zibranij-u-kitai.html
The President has identified five directions to create internal security in the state
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3728920-prezident-viznaciv-pat-napramiv-dla-stvorenna-vnutrisnoi-bezpeki-v-derzavi.html
Missile blow to Kramatorsk: The explosive wave is damaged by 32 homes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3728921-raketnij-udar-po-kramatorsku-vibuhovou-hvileu-poskodzeni-32-budinki.html
Ukrainian culture should become an export industry - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3728924-ukrainska-kultura-mae-stati-eksportnou-galuzzu-zelenskij.html
The Odessa Winner Borisov was released - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728929-odeskogo-voenkoma-borisova-zvilnili-gumenuk.html
At the hospital in Ivano -Frankivsk, a "Mural of Hope" appeared - by Nikita Titov's sketch
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3728927-na-likarni-v-ivanofrankivsku-zavivsa-mural-nadii-za-eskizom-nikiti-titova.html
The NBU revised the loan portfolio banks' loans through war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3728928-nbu-pereglanuv-prognoz-vtrat-bankami-kreditnogo-portfela-cerez-vijnu.html
Ukrenergo hopes that new priced caps will be enough to increase import
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3728930-v-ukrenergo-spodivautsa-so-novih-prajskepiv-bude-dostatno-dla-zbilsenna-importu.html
Turkey may join the restoration of the Akkerman fortress in Odesa region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3728933-tureccina-moze-dolucitisa-do-restavracii-akkermanskoi-forteci-na-odesini.html
In a bare pier invaders arranged warehouses of a robbed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3728934-u-golij-pristani-zagarbniki-oblastuvali-skladi-nagrabovanogo.html
Ukraine's Women's Beach Football team has overcome Italy at European Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3728935-zinoca-zbirna-z-plaznogo-futbolu-peregrala-italiu-na-evropejskih-igrah.html
Zelensky: We must be sure that after the war Ukraine will become a member of NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3728939-zelenskij-mi-povinni-buti-upevneni-so-pisla-vijni-ukraina-stane-clenom-nato.html
South Korea citizens from now on "younger" for at least a year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728977-gromadani-pivdennoi-korei-vidsogodni-pomolodsali-sonajmense-na-rik.html
Summit of Peace Formula: Zelensky told when there would be agreements on the date and venue
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3728938-samit-formuli-miru-zelenskij-rozpoviv-koli-budut-domovlenosti-pro-datu-ta-misce-provedenna.html
Duda: nuclear weapons and Wagner PEC in Belarus change the security architecture in the region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3728942-duda-aderna-zbroa-i-pvk-vagner-u-bilorusi-zminuut-arhitekturu-bezpeki-v-regioni.html
Kyiv police since the beginning of a full -scale war opened 261 pseudoomators
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3728941-policia-kieva-z-pocatku-povnomasstabnoi-vijni-vidkrila-261-spravu-sodo-psevdominuvan.html
In Kramatorsk, the number of victims of the Russian rocket attack increased to 11
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3728946-u-kramatorsku-kilkist-zertv-rosijskoi-raketnoi-ataki-zrosla-do-11.html
Wax arrested the detainee on a bribe of the deputy chairman of Ternopil Ova - a pledge ₴ 800 thousand
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3728945-vaks-arestuvav-zatrimanogo-na-habari-zastupnika-golovi-ternopilskoi-ova-zastava-800-tisac.html
Near the Ivano-Frankivsk storm boiled trees and disrupted the roof covering
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3728947-bila-ivanofrankivska-burevij-povaliv-dereva-i-zirvav-dahove-pokritta.html
Lithuania has expanded the ban on export of dual -use goods
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728948-litva-rozsirila-zaboronu-na-eksport-tovariv-podvijnogo-priznacenna.html
Pope urged to continue praying for "long -suffering Ukraine"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728954-papa-rimskij-zaklikav-prodovzuvati-molitisa-za-bagatostrazdalnu-ukrainu.html
The redeployment of "Wagnerists" to Belarus requires NATO new decisions - Nauseda
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728953-peredislokacia-vagnerivciv-do-bilorusi-vimagae-vid-nato-novih-risen-nauseda.html
List to renaming settlements from the National Commission does not meet the law - MKIP and Ministry of Education
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3728952-spisok-na-perejmenuvanna-naselenih-punktiv-vid-nackomisii-ne-vidpovidae-zakonu-mkip-i-minosviti.html
The exclusive of the Nikolaev district prosecutor's office received life for the State Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3728955-ekskerivnik-mikolaivskoi-okruznoi-prokuraturi-otrimav-dovicne-za-derzzradu.html
In the capital from July 1, bus routes № 5, 77 will be restored
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3728958-u-stolici-iz-1-lipna-vidnovlat-robotu-avtobusni-marsruti-5-77.html
Ukraine has successfully fulfilled all three preconditions for NATO - Reznikov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3728960-ukraina-uspisno-vikonala-vsi-tri-peredumovi-dla-vstupu-do-nato-reznikov.html
The State Department called the Kramatorsk continuation of escalation by
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729068-derzdep-nazvav-udar-po-kramatorsku-prodovzennam-eskalacii-z-boku-rosii.html
Duda hopes for weakening from September 15th restrictions on import of Ukrainian grain to the EU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3728961-duda-spodivaetsa-na-poslablenna-z-15-veresna-obmezen-na-vvezenna-ukrainskogo-zbizza-do-es.html
Zelensky will take part in the EU summit in teleconference mode
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3728967-zelenskij-vizme-ucast-u-samiti-es-v-rezimi-telekonferencii.html
In Sofia of Kiev, books about St. Sophia Cathedral and Vladimir the Great are presented
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3728968-u-sofii-kiivskij-prezentuut-knizki-pro-sofijskij-sobor-i-volodimira-velikogo.html
In Brussels opened an exhibition of young Ukrainian artists about the future without war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3728702-u-brusseli-vidkrili-vistavku-unih-ukrainskih-hudoznikiv-pro-majbutne-bez-vijni.html
Dmitry made changes to the licenses for the operation of four units of Zaporizhzhya NPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3728970-diaru-vnesla-zmini-do-licenzij-na-ekspluataciu-cotiroh-energoblokiv-zaporizkoi-aes.html
It is necessary to speak more about Ukrainian prisoners in the Russian captivity - NGO "Voyatsky Reliar"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/pro-ukrayinskyh-brancziv-u-rosijskomu-poloni-potribno-govoryty-bilshe-go-voyaczkyj-vyzvil/
In the Marine direction border guards neutralized DRG of Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728973-na-marinskomu-napramku-prikordonniki-zneskodili-diversijnu-grupu-rosian.html
Ukraine and Poland continued the validity of freight transportation to third countries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3728974-ukraina-ta-polsa-prodovzili-diu-dozvoliv-na-vantazni-perevezenna-do-tretih-krain.html
Biden: It is difficult to evaluate whether Putin weakened the rebellion of Prigogine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728962-bajden-poki-skladno-ociniti-ci-oslabiv-putina-zakolot-prigozina.html
Security and Armed Forces will check the military for integrity - the Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3728978-siloviki-ta-zsu-perevirat-voenkomiv-na-dobrocesnist-minoboroni.html
The National Commission commented on the decision to rename Zaporozhye
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3728976-u-nackomisii-prokomentuvali-risenna-pro-perejmenuvanna-zaporizza.html
The Russian Federation has transferred at least 1148 Ukrainian children under the previous guardianship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3728983-rf-peredala-pid-poperednu-opiku-sonajmense-1148-ukrainskih-ditej.html
Muromets Park on the KSCA is cooperated with the investigation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3728982-sprava-parku-muromec-u-kmda-spivpracuut-zi-slidstvom.html
Erdogan discussed with Sweden Sweden in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728986-erdogan-obgovoriv-z-solcom-clenstvo-svecii-v-nato.html
Food Minister of Germany opposed the prohibitions on import of Ukrainian grain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3728981-ministr-prodovolstva-nimeccini-vistupiv-proti-zaboron-na-import-ukrainskogo-zerna.html
Zelensky congratulated Muslims on the start of the Kurban Bayram holiday
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729071-zelenskij-privitav-musulman-iz-pocatkom-svata-kurbanbajram.html
Stoltenberg summoned on July 6 a meeting on Sweden's accession to NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728990-stoltenberg-sklikav-na-6-lipna-zustric-sodo-vstupu-svecii-v-nato.html
The EU will continue to make an active contribution to the security guarantee for Ukraine - EU representative
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3728991-evrosouz-i-nadali-robitime-aktivnij-vnesok-u-garantii-bezpeki-dla-ukraini-predstavnik-es.html
Netanyaga considers the possibility of a visit to Ukraine - Ambassador
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3728993-netanagu-rozgladae-mozlivist-vizitu-v-ukrainu-posol.html
Dnipro-1 defeated Sevlyush in the first sparring of the season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3728998-dnipro1-rozgromiv-sevlus-u-persomu-sparingu-sezonu.html
The military should know English - Nayev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728994-vijskovi-maut-znati-anglijsku-movu-naev.html
On Obolonsky Avenue partially restricted traffic
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3729001-na-obolonskomu-prospekti-castkovo-obmezat-ruh-transportu.html
Meet: New Head Ukroboronprom Herman Smetanin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729002-znajomtes-novij-golova-ukroboronpromu-german-smetanin.html
In the reserve reservoir of Kryvyi Rih's fewer water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729003-u-rezervnomu-vodoshovisi-krivogo-rogu-dedali-mense-vodi.html
On the Liman, Bakhmut and Marinsky directions - heavy fights
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729005-na-limanskomu-bahmutskomu-ta-marinskomu-napramkah-vazki-boi.html
Stefanchuk and Shmigal met with President of Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729007-stefancuk-i-smigal-zustrilis-z-prezidentom-respubliki-polsa.html
In Lviv, a bridge was opened across the Western Bug River
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3729010-na-lvivsini-vidkrili-ruh-mostom-cerez-ricku-zahidnij-bug.html
The European Acting Act of Ammunition will be approved in early July - Metzola
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729014-evropejskij-akt-iz-spilnogo-zamovlenna-boepripasiv-uhvalat-na-pocatku-lipna-mecola.html
On the captured Kherson region, more than 60 killed as a result of floods were found within two days
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729016-na-zahoplenij-hersonsini-protagom-dvoh-dniv-znajsli-ponad-60-zagiblih-vnaslidok-poveni.html
Checking the military should not interfere with mobilization - Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729019-perevirka-voenkomiv-ne-povinna-zavaditi-mobilizacii-minoboroni.html
The Russians fired at Nikopol region twice a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729017-rosiani-za-den-dvici-obstrilali-nikopolsinu.html
Ukrainian fighters "Igla" knocked down the Russian Su-25 fighter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729020-ukrainski-bijci-iglou-zbili-rosijskij-vinisuvac-su25.html
Ukraine was able to intercept the strategic initiative on the battlefield - Zaluzhny
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729038-ukraina-zmogla-perehopiti-strategicnu-iniciativu-na-poli-bou-zaluznij.html
In all areas of the front the occupiers were not successful
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/na-usih-dilyankah-frontu-okupanty-ne-maly-uspihu/
Ukraine appreciates the readiness of Lithuania and Poland to assist on the way to the EU and NATO - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729026-ukraina-cinue-gotovnist-litvi-ta-polsi-dopomagati-na-slahu-do-es-ta-nato-smigal.html
At NATO Summit, it is important to get a mechanism for effective security guarantees - Stefanchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729023-na-samiti-nato-ukraini-vazlivo-otrimati-mehanizm-dievih-garantij-bezpeki-stefancuk.html
In Ukraine tomorrow short -term rains and thunderstorms, in the afternoon to +23 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3728804-v-ukraini-zavtra-korotkocasni-dosi-ta-grozi-vden-do-23.html
In Ukraine tomorrow short -term rains and thunderstorms, in the afternoon to +23 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3728804-v-ukraini-zavtra-korotkocasni-dosi-ta-grozi-vden-do-23.html
Dmytro Kuleba warned the OSCE of the risks of committing Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729029-dmitro-kuleba-poperediv-obse-pro-riziki-vcinenna-rosieu-teraktu-na-zaes.html
Dmytro Kuleba warned the OSCE of the risks of committing Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729029-dmitro-kuleba-poperediv-obse-pro-riziki-vcinenna-rosieu-teraktu-na-zaes.html
Turkey accused Sweden in complicity in the burning of the Qur'an
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729031-tureccina-zvinuvatila-sveciu-u-spivucasti-v-spalenni-koranu.html
Zelensky told Poland and Lithuanian presidents about the needs of Ukrainian troops
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729032-zelenskij-rozpoviv-prezidentam-polsi-j-litvi-pro-potrebi-ukrainskih-vijsk.html
Zelensky told Poland and Lithuanian presidents about the needs of Ukrainian troops
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3729032-zelenskij-rozpoviv-prezidentam-polsi-j-litvi-pro-potrebi-ukrainskih-vijsk.html
The Ukrainian duo jumped into the water of Kolodiy and Konovalov won another "gold" of European Games 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729033-ukrainskij-duet-stribuniv-u-vodu-kolodij-i-konovalov-zdobuv-cergove-zoloto-evropejskih-igor2023.html
Bax arrested the head of the Ternopil Regional Council Golovka
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3729035-vaks-arestuvav-golovu-ternopilskoi-oblradi-golovka.html
Tekbolist Shevchuk: We set ourselves the purpose of reaching the quarterfinals of European games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729037-tekbolist-sevcuk-stavimo-pered-sobou-cil-vijti-do-cvertfinalu-evropejskih-igor.html
India gave Vietnam a warship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729039-india-podaruvala-vetnamu-vijskovij-korabel.html
Ukraine was able to intercept the strategic initiative on the battlefield - Zaluzhny
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729038-ukraina-zmogla-perehopiti-strategicnu-iniciativu-na-poli-bou-zaluznij.html
In Kazakhstan, a Russian IT tin was detained, which is wanted by Washington and Moscow - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729042-u-kazahstani-zatrimali-rosijskogo-itsnika-akogo-rozsukuut-vasington-i-moskva-zmi.html
The Russians during the day fired Sumy region seven times
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729044-rosiani-uprodovz-dna-obstrilali-sumsinu-sim-raziv.html
The Volleyball Women's Team came to the finals of the Golden Eurolege
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729047-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-volejbolu-vijsla-u-final-zolotoi-evroligi.html
The commission has chosen a new ARMA head: Transparency International warns of risks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729048-komisia-obrala-novu-ocilnicu-arma-transparency-international-poperedzae-pro-riziki.html
About 2.5 million pilgrims arrived at Hadzh in Mecca
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729049-na-hadz-v-mekku-priihali-blizko-25-miljona-palomnikiv.html
The occupiers take away housing from Kherson residents
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/okupanty-vidbyrayut-zhytlo-u-meshkancziv-hersonshhyny/
Zelensky expects that the EU will cancel the restriction on import of Ukrainian agricultural products since September
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729052-zelenskij-ocikue-so-es-z-veresna-skasue-obmezenna-na-import-ukrainskoi-agroprodukcii.html
The Mariupol Reborn Mariupol Reconstruction Project was launched in Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3729056-u-lvovi-zapracuvav-proekt-vidbudovi-mariupola-mariupol-reborn.html
The President met with Magura's Main Master-Satellite Valery Marcus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729058-prezident-zustrivsa-z-golovnim-majsterserzantom-brigadi-magura-valeriem-markusom.html
Poland strengthens its border with Belarus through the "Wagner"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729060-polsa-ukriplue-svij-kordon-z-bilorussu-cerez-vagnerivciv.html
Gaverz went to Arsenal with Chelsea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729061-gaverc-perejsov-perejsov-v-arsenal-z-celsi.html
Russia should feel that the price of terror for her will only increase - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729063-rosia-mae-vidcuvati-so-cina-teroru-dla-nei-lise-zbilsuvatimetsa-zelenskij.html
Planet Labs showed satellite images of a probable "Wagner" camp in Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729065-planet-labs-pokazav-suputnikovi-znimki-jmovirnogo-taboru-vagnerivciv-u-bilorusi.html
The Council has been submitted by a bill that enhances responsibility for corruption - Maslov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729067-u-radu-podano-zakonoproekt-so-posilue-vidpovidalnist-za-korupciu-maslov.html
The State Department called the Kramatorsk continuation of escalation by
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729068-derzdep-nazvav-udar-po-kramatorsku-prodovzennam-eskalacii-z-boku-rosii.html
Zelensky congratulated Muslims on the start of the Kurban Bayram holiday
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729071-zelenskij-privitav-musulman-iz-pocatkom-svata-kurbanbajram.html
South Korea citizens from now on "younger" for at least a year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728977-gromadani-pivdennoi-korei-vidsogodni-pomolodsali-sonajmense-na-rik.html
Enemy Loss per day: Almost 1000 invaders were eliminated, 6 artisystems and 13 BBM were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-majzhe-1000-okupantiv-znyshheno-6-artsystem-i-13-bbm/
Rocket stroke on Kramatorsk: The number of dead increased to eight, 56 people were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/raketnyj-udar-po-kramatorsku-kilkist-zagyblyh-zrosla-do-vosmy-poraneno-56-osib/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
The government has allocated more than 200 million UAH for the construction of a modern rehabilitation institution "Borodyanka-Center"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/ukrayinski-vijskovi-medyky-vdoskonalyuyutsya-u-taktychnij-medyczyni-pid-kerivnycztvom-brytanskyh-ekspertiv/
In Kazakhstan, a Russian IT tin was detained, which is wanted by Washington and Moscow - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729042-u-kazahstani-zatrimali-rosijskogo-itsnika-akogo-rozsukuut-vasington-i-moskva-zmi.html
The coordination headquarters discussed the mechanism of confirmation of captivity by Russia and the work of the Red Cross
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-obgovoryly-mehanizm-pidtverdzhennya-polonu-rosiyeyu-i-robotu-chervonogo-hresta/
What to do if the activity of a missing person is revealed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/shho-robyty-yakshho-vyyavleno-aktyvnist-telefonu-znykloyi-bezvisty-lyudyny/
Lithuania purchased for Ukraine NASAMS
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/lytva-prydbala-dlya-ukrayiny-nasams/
Ukraine demonstrates loyalty and power in the struggle for its constitutional rights and freedoms - Valery Zaluzhny
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/ukrayina-demonstruye-virnist-ta-micz-u-borotbi-za-svoyi-konstytuczijni-prava-ta-svobody-valerij-zaluzhnyj/
Rocket stroke on Kramatorsk: the number of dead increased to 9, 3 of them children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/raketnyj-udar-po-kramatorsku-kilkist-zagyblyh-zrosla-do-9-z-nyh-3-dytyny/
The Russians during the day fired Sumy region seven times
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729044-rosiani-uprodovz-dna-obstrilali-sumsinu-sim-raziv.html
More than 300 explosive items were neutralized by pyrotechnics per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/ponad-300-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-zneshkodyly-pirotehniky-za-dobu/
Alexei Reznikov thanked the US for a new defensive package: we will restore peace in Europe
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/oleksij-reznikov-podyakuvav-ssha-za-novyj-oboronnyj-paket-my-vidnovymo-myr-u-yevropi/
At night, Rosarmia fired at the Sumy and Chernihiv border with the artillery and mortars
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/vnochi-zi-stvolnoyi-artyleriyi-i-minometiv-rosarmiya-obstrilyala-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-i-chernigivshhyny/
Prime Minister of the Netherlands: We will support Ukraine until it is expelled by the Russians from their land
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/premyer-niderlandiv-my-pidtrymuvatymemo-ukrayinu-doty-dopoky-vona-ne-vyzhene-rosiyan-zi-svoyeyi-zemli/
There are no hostile rocket launchers in the Black and Azov Seas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/u-chornomu-ta-azovskomu-moryah-narazi-nemaye-vorozhyh-raketonosiyiv-3/
How to protect yourself in the case of increased radiation level
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/yak-zahystyty-sebe-u-vypadku-pidvyshhenogo-rivnya-radiacziyi/
The Volleyball Women's Team came to the finals of the Golden Eurolege
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3729047-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-volejbolu-vijsla-u-final-zolotoi-evroligi.html
The Russian army attacked 11 regions of Ukraine per day: there are victims
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/rosijska-armiya-za-dobu-atakuvala-11-oblastej-ukrayiny-ye-zhertvy/
If Ukrainian soldiers fight with the Russian occupier, then combat doctors fight with death
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/yakshho-ukrayinski-voyiny-b%ca%bcyutsya-z-rosijskym-okupantom-to-bojovi-medyky-b%ca%bcyutsya-zi-smertyu/
Crimes of the Russian Federation against National Security of Ukraine: more than 17 thousand cases have been recorded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/zlochyny-rf-proty-naczbezpeky-ukrayiny-zafiksovano-ponad-17-tysyach-vypadkiv-2/
Rocket stroke on Kramatorsk: Updated information
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/raketnyj-udar-po-kramatorsku-onovlena-informacziya/
Ukrainian scouts neutralized the enemy station of the Reb
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/ukrayinski-rozvidnyky-zneshkodyly-vorozhu-stancziyu-reb/
Local executives and commissions have to speed up the process of assessing damaged housing due to aggression - Denis Shmigal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/misczevi-kerivnyky-ta-komisiyi-mayut-u-razy-pryskoryty-proczes-oczinky-poshkodzhenogo-zhytla-vnaslidok-agresiyi-denys-shmygal/
The Russian Federation continues to mock our people who find themselves in temporarily occupied territories - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/sogodni-ukrayina-boronyt-vid-voroga-klyuchovi-postulaty-svoyeyi-konstytucziyi-valerij-zaluzhnyj/
A new look at the history of Russian-Ukrainian wars: the capital was presented in the capital "Eternal Peace"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/novyj-poglyad-na-istoriyu-rosijsko-ukrayinskyh-vijn-u-stolyczi-prezentuvaly-speczproyekt-vichnyj-myr/
On June 29, there will be a discussion panel "The Rebellion of Prigogine and its Impact on the Political Situation in the Russian Federation"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/29-chervnya-u-military-media-center-vidbudetsya-dyskusijna-panel-zakolot-prygozhyna-ta-jogo-vplyv-na-politychnu-sytuacziyu-v-rf-ta-perebig-rosijsko-ukrayinskoyi-vijny/
More than 50 peaceful Ukrainians have been injured as a result of hostile rocket and aviation attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/vnaslidok-vorozhyh-raketnyh-ta-aviaczijnyh-atak-poraneno-ponad-50-myrnyh-ukrayincziv/
The commission has chosen a new ARMA head: Transparency International warns of risks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3729048-komisia-obrala-novu-ocilnicu-arma-transparency-international-poperedzae-pro-riziki.html
The President of Ukraine proposes the Verkhovna Rada to formally consolidate the status of English
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/prezydent-ukrayiny-proponuye-verhovnij-radi-oficzijno-zakripyty-status-anglijskoyi-movy/
Ukrainian defenders destroyed 6 enemy UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-znyshhyly-6-vorozhyh-bpla/
Detained the corrector of the Russian rocket stroke on Kramatorsk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/zatrymano-koryguvalnyka-rosijskogo-raketnogo-udaru-po-kramatorsku/
Our Constitution today is 27 years old: Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated Ukrainians on the holiday
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/nashij-konstytucziyi-sogodni-27-rokiv-volodymyr-zelenskyj-pryvitav-ukrayincziv-zi-svyatom/
Colonel Sergei Yaremenko was awarded the title Hero of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/polkovnyku-sergiyu-yaremenku-prysvoyeno-zvannya-geroj-ukrayiny/
The United States has imposed sanctions against companies related to Wagner PEC
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/ssha-zaprovadyly-sankcziyi-proty-kompanij-povyazanyh-z-pvk-vagner/
From last year to 5000 soldiers of the Armed Forces were trained in Germany on major combat tanks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/iz-mynulogo-roku-do-5000-soldativ-zsu-projshly-navchannya-u-nimechchyni-na-osnovnyh-bojovyh-tankah/
Council of European Secretary General reacted to Russia's missile stroke on Kramatorsk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/gensek-rady-yevropy-vidreaguvala-na-raketnyj-udar-rosiyi-po-kramatorsku/
The Council allowed the military to use cars with the right location of the steering wheel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/rada-dozvolyla-vijskovym-vykorystovuvaty-avto-z-pravym-roztashuvannyam-kerma/
The EU has agreed the law on joint purchase of weapons that will increase deliveries to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/u-yes-pogodyly-zakon-pro-spilnu-zakupivlyu-zbroyi-yakyj-zbilshyt-postavky-do-ukrayiny/
Poland is doing everything possible to avoid a catastrophe for the ZPP - Moravetsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/polshha-robyt-use-mozhlyve-dlya-unyknennya-katastrofy-na-zaes-moraveczkyj/
About 2.5 million pilgrims arrived at Hadzh in Mecca
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3729049-na-hadz-v-mekku-priihali-blizko-25-miljona-palomnikiv.html
Josep Borrel on the rocket strike of the Russian Federation on Kramatorsk: it is terror against Ukrainians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/zhozep-borrel-pro-raketnyj-udar-rf-po-kramatorsku-cze-teror-proty-ukrayincziv/
NATO Secretary General met with seven members of the Alliance to prepare the Vilnius Summit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/gensek-nato-zustrivsya-z-simoma-chlenamy-alyansu-dlya-pidgotovky-vilnyuskogo-samitu/
For servicemen increased the duration of leave to 30 days
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/dlya-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-zbilshyly-tryvalist-vidpustky-do-30-dniv/
In Kherson the water level in the Dnieper entered the natural channel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/u-hersoni-riven-vody-u-dnipri-uvijshov-v-pryrodnye-ruslo/
Relatives of prisoners of mountain infantrymen met with representatives of the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/rodychi-polonenyh-girskyh-pihotyncziv-zustrilysya-z-predstavnykamy-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu/
Ukrainians proved that worthy of having a sovereign state that will certainly take a proper place in the world - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/ukrayinczi-dovely-shho-gidni-maty-suverennu-derzhavu-yaka-neodminno-posyade-nalezhne-miscze-u-sviti-oleksij-reznikov/
Power is ready and elaborates all possible scenarios for the development
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/vlada-gotova-j-opraczovuye-vsi-mozhlyvi-sczenariyi-rozvytku-podij-na-zaes-minreintegracziyi/
From the first days of the Large War, Russia damaged 1376 health facilities and 184 - destroyed completely
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/z-pershyh-dniv-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-vijny-rosiya-poshkodyla-1376-obyektiv-medzakladiv-ta-shhe-184-zrujnuvala-vshhent/
The Ministry of Finance urges Russia to recognize high -risk jurisdiction for financing Wagner PECs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/minfin-zaklykaye-vyznaty-rosiyu-yurysdykcziyeyu-z-vysokym-rivnem-ryzyku-za-finansuvannya-pvk-vagner-z-derzhbyudzhetu-rf/
Croatia recognized the Holodomor with the genocide of the Ukrainian people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/horvatiya-vyznala-golodomor-genoczydom-ukrayinskogo-narodu/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Presidents of Poland and Lithuania in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/volodymyr-zelenskyj-zustrivsya-z-prezydentamy-polshhi-ta-lytvy-v-kyyevi/
Ukraine seeks to localize the production of Western weapons to make the industry the most powerful in Europe - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/ukrayina-pragne-lokalizuvaty-vyrobnycztvo-zahidnoyi-zbroyi-aby-galuz-stala-najpotuzhnishoyu-u-yevropi-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Everyone in its place protects the values of the Basic Law: Alexei Reznikov presented state and departmental awards for the Day of the Constitution of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/kozhen-na-svoyemu-misczi-zahyshhaye-czinnosti-osnovnogo-zakonu-oleksij-reznikov-vruchyv-derzhavni-ta-vidomchi-nagorody-do-dnya-konstytucziyi-ukrayiny/
The Verkhovna Rada approved the appeal to NATO summit participants
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/verhovna-rada-uhvalyla-zvernennya-do-uchasnykiv-samitu-nato/
During the day, the Russians inflicted 2 missile and 44 aviation blows in Ukraine - peaceful people were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/protyagom-doby-rosiyany-zavdaly-2-raketnyh-ta-44-aviaczijnyh-udariv-po-ukrayini-postrazhdaly-myrni-lyudy/
In the bare pier, the occupiers have arranged disassembly of stolen cars - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/u-golij-prystani-okupanty-oblashtuvaly-punkty-dlya-rozboru-vykradenyh-avtomobiliv-ganna-malyar/
During the day of Ukraine's defense forces, about 20 invaders' attacks were repelled
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/za-dobu-syly-oborony-ukrayiny-vidbyly-blyzko-20-atak-okupantiv/
No one has the right to determine the fate of Ukraine without asking our heroes - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/nihto-ne-maye-prava-vyznachaty-dolyu-ukrayiny-ne-pytayuchy-nashyh-geroyiv-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Ukrainian Aviation per day struck 11 blows on the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/ukrayinska-aviacziya-za-dobu-zavdala-11-udariv-po-vorogu/
For violation of the rights of children of the United Nations, the Russian Federation included as a side of armed conflict, in the "List of Shame"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/za-porushennya-prav-ditej-oon-vklyuchylo-rf-yak-storonu-zbrojnogo-konfliktu-do-spysku-ganby/
All social security departments are obliged to accept application for monetary care victims of flooding
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/vsi-upravlinnya-soczzahystu-zobovyazani-pryjmaty-zayavy-na-groshovu-dopomogu-postrazhdalym-vid-pidtoplennya/
Zelensky expects that the EU will cancel the restriction on import of Ukrainian agricultural products since September
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3729052-zelenskij-ocikue-so-es-z-veresna-skasue-obmezenna-na-import-ukrainskoi-agroprodukcii.html
The study of English by English should be enshrined at the legislative level - Sergey Naev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/vvazhayu-shho-vyvchennya-vijskovosluzhbovczyamy-anglijskoyi-movy-z-maye-buty-zakripleno-na-zakonodavchomu-rivni-sergij-nayev/
At least a month will continue checks of specialists of all CCC and JV - Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/minimum-misyacz-tryvatymut-perevirky-diyalnosti-fahivcziv-usih-tczk-ta-sp-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
Presidents of Ukraine and the Republic of Lithuania held a bilateral meeting in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/volodymyr-zelenskyj-i-gitanas-nausyeda-provely-dvostoronnyu-zustrich-u-kyyevi/
It is important to evaluate our offensive actions correctly - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/vazhlyvo-korektno-oczinyuvaty-nashi-nastupalni-diyi-ganna-malyar/
A commission was formed to check the state of bridges in Ukraine - Alexander Kubrakov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/utvoreno-komisiyu-dlya-perevirky-stanu-mostiv-v-ukrayini-oleksandr-kubrakov/
Volodymyr Zelensky expressed his gratitude for the defense assistance provided by Poland to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/volodymyr-zelenskyj-vyslovyv-podyaku-za-oboronnu-dopomogu-yaku-polshha-nadaye-ukrayini/
Russia and its accomplices should feel that the price of their terror will only increase for them - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/rosiya-ta-yiyi-spilnyky-povynni-vidchuvaty-shho-czina-yihnogo-teroru-dlya-nyh-lyshe-zbilshuvatymetsya-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Military musicians for the Constitution Day filmed a video clip for Tatiana Yarova's author's song "Ukraine"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/vijskovi-muzykanty-do-dnya-konstytucziyi-znyaly-videoklip-na-avtorsku-pisnyu-tetyany-yarovoyi-ukrayina/
Russians hide the bodies of their dead as a result of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant in fraternal graves without DNA collection
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/rosiyany-hovayut-tila-svoyih-zagyblyh-vnaslidok-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-u-bratskyh-mogylah-bez-zaboru-dnk/
The President of Ukraine proposes to develop heroes policy on Ukrainian soldiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/28/prezydent-ukrayiny-proponuye-rozrobyty-polityku-geroyiv-shhodo-ukrayinskyh-voyiniv/
The Mariupol Reborn Mariupol Reconstruction Project was launched in Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3729056-u-lvovi-zapracuvav-proekt-vidbudovi-mariupola-mariupol-reborn.html
Ukraine has just started a counter -offensive and has everything to succeed - Blinken
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729072-ukraina-tilki-pocala-kontrnastup-ta-mae-vse-dla-dosagnenna-uspihu-blinken.html
Terrorists' accomplices have to respond to the international community - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729069-spilniki-derzaviterorista-maut-vidpovisti-pered-miznarodnou-spilnotou-prezident.html
Terrorists' accomplices have to respond to the international community - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729069-spilniki-derzaviterorista-maut-vidpovisti-pered-miznarodnou-spilnotou-prezident.html
Ukraine has just started a counter -offensive and has everything to succeed - Blinken
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3729072-ukraina-tilki-pocala-kontrnastup-ta-mae-vse-dla-dosagnenna-uspihu-blinken.html
In the United Kingdom, Ukrainian troops in tactical medicine continue
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/u-velykij-brytaniyi-tryvaye-navchannya-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-z-taktychnoyi-medyczyny/
一生的监禁期限获得了一名检察官，他“移交”了Mykolaiv地区武装部队职位的敌人
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/29/za-materialamy-sbu-dovichnyj-termin-uvyaznennya-otrymav-prokuror-yakyj-zdavav-vorogu-pozycziyi-zsu-na-mykolayivshhyni/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====