乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-04-13

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(18:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42941
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled well, Kamyanka, Poplar, Red First, rarely ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4471
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka, Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4472
At Avdiyivka and Maryinka directions Russian army shelled Novokalynove, Orlivka, Avdiyivka, T...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4474
AT Shakhtarsk Directive Rossian Army Sheled Novomikhailivka, Shakhotrsk, NovoKoCheKANIK, led ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4475
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Novopil of Donetsk regi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4476
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4477
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(18:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/14320
Zaporizka Oblast(18:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12052
Poltavska Oblast(18:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/10760
Donetsk Oblast(18:32). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42945
Donetsk Oblast(19:26). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42951
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(20:38). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42953
Donetsk Oblast(22:49). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42956
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(00:26). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42958
Donetsk Oblast(00:26). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42959
Last September the Russian pilot had misinterpreted what a radar operator on the ground was s...
https://twitter.com/RALee85/status/1646298946552352768
The Verkhovna Rada banned the use of fireworks and salutes in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/12/verhovna-rada-zaboronyla-vykorystannya-feyerverkiv-ta-salyutiv-v-ukrayini/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy with an American businessman discussed the assistance of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/12/volodymyr-zelenskyj-z-amerykanskym-biznesmenom-obgovoryly-dopomogu-ukrayini/
As servicemen to get free legal aid - an explanation of the government
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/12/yak-vijskovosluzhbovczyam-otrymaty-bezoplatnu-pravovu-dopomogu-rozyasnennya-uryadu/
Dmytro Kuleba discussed with Canada Foreign Minister assistance to Ukraine and the future NATO summit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/12/dmytro-kuleba-obgovoryv-iz-glavoyu-mzs-kanady-dopomogu-ukrayini-ta-majbutnij-samit-nato/
On collected through United24 money will buy another 40 "fast"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/12/na-zibrani-cherez-united24-groshi-zakuplyat-ishhe-40-shvydkyh/
The occupier asks his wife to contact the prosecutor's office as soon
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/12/okupant-prosyt-druzhynu-yakomoga-shvydshe-zvernutys-do-prokuratury-shhob-vytyagnuty-jogo-z-ukrayiny-perehoplennya-gur/
"Legalized" the occupation of Ukraine: judges of the Constitutional Court of the Russian Federation threatens life imprisonment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/12/uzakonyly-okupacziyu-ukrayiny-suddyam-konstytuczijnogo-sudu-rf-zagrozhuye-dovichne-uvyaznennya/
A grant program for business development for veterans has started in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/12/v-ukrayini-startuvala-grantova-programa-na-rozvytok-biznesu-dlya-veteraniv/
The Armed Forces destroyed two eagle-10 drones and two stations of Reb occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/12/zsu-znyshhyly-dva-bezpilotnyka-orlan-10-ta-dvi-stancziyi-reb-okupantiv/
During the last day, the invaders fired at more than one hundred settlements of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/12/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-zagarbnyky-obstrilyaly-bilshe-sta-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny/
Bakhmut and Marinka's brutal battles continue - the Armed Forces General Staff
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/12/tryvayut-zhorstoki-boyi-za-bahmut-ta-maryinku-genshtab-zsu/
More than 180,000 soldiers have lost the army of the Russian Federation since the beginning of large -scale aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/12/ponad-180-tysyach-vijskovyh-vtratyla-armiya-rf-z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-agresiyi/
The enemy retains military presence in border areas with Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/12/vorog-zberigaye-vijskovu-prysutnist-u-prykordonnyh-z-ukrayinoyu-rajonah-2/
The main source of prisoners' information is the evidence of the released defenders - the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/12/osnovnym-dzherelom-informacziyi-pro-polonenyh-ye-svidchennya-zvilnenyh-zahysnykiv-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
Despite numerous losses, Russian invaders try to take full control of Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/12/ne-zvazhayuchy-na-chyselni-vtraty-rosijski-zagarbnyky-namagayutsya-vzyaty-pid-povnyj-kontrol-bahmut/
Spain will put 6 Leopard tanks and 20 APCs by the end of April in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/12/ispaniya-postavyt-v-ukrayinu-6-tankiv-leopard-j-20-btr-do-kinczya-kvitnya/
Free legal aid for internally displaced persons and citizens from temporarily occupied territories will become even more accessible
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/12/bezoplatna-pravnycha-dopomoga-dlya-vnutrishno-peremishhenyh-osib-ta-gromadyan-iz-tymchasovo-okupovanyh-terytorij-stane-shhe-dostupnishoyu/
Ukraine and Spain discussed the issues of cooperation in the field of naval operations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/12/ukrayina-i-ispaniya-obgovoryly-pytannya-spivrobitnycztva-u-sferi-vijskovo-morskyh-operaczij/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy: There will be no ruins in Ukraine - this is our goal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/12/my-nichogo-ne-zbyrayemosya-zabuvaty-j-proshhaty-vbyvczyam-zakonna-vidpovidalnist-bude-za-vse-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Attempting to take possession of the land of the State Buddowner: WACS has assigned more than 6 million pledge to the deputy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695541-sproba-zavolodinna-zemleu-derzbudkombinatu-vaks-priznaciv-ponad-6-miljoniv-zastavi-deputatu.html
Chernihivska Oblast(10:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/17553
In Ukraine, there is a danger of flooding in a number of areas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3695487-v-ukraini-utrimuetsa-nebezpeka-pidtoplenna-u-nizci-oblastej.html
At Caurus Director Russia Army Shellled Topoli, Kraski Perche, NovoMilnsk, Yard, West ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4479
In South Korea, "radiation" tests will be held at 89 fugitives with DPRK
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695436-u-pivdennij-korei-provedut-radiacijni-testi-na-89-vtikacah-iz-kndr.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Novoselivske, Nevske, Kuzmyne, Bilohorivka of Luhansk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4480
The defeat of Ukraine will mean the end of the "golden age" of the event - Moravetsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695588-porazka-ukraini-oznacatime-kinec-zolotogo-viku-zahodu-moraveckij.html
Ukraine receives weapons from partners, but it is still not enough - the Secretary of the NSDC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695641-ukraina-otrimue-zbrou-vid-partneriv-ale-ii-vse-odno-nedostatno-sekretar-rnbo.html
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarka, Grigory ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4481
Shmigal in the USA: Help Ukraine is an investment in a new world without aggression
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695643-smigal-u-ssa-dopomoga-ukraini-ce-investicia-u-novij-svit-bez-agresii.html
At Avdiyivka and Maryinka directions Russian army shelled Keramik, Novokalynove, Krasnohorivk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4482
It is necessary to restart the UN Security Council to exclude from there the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3695639-treba-perezavantaziti-radu-bezpeki-oon-abi-vikluciti-zvidti-rf-kuleba.html
AT Shakhtarsk Directive Rossian Army Sheled Novomikhailivka, Shakhotrsk, NovoKoCheKANIK, led ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4483
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Olhivske, Chervone, Charivne, Nov...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4484
The Ministry of Youth has prepared an official order for a boycott of competitions with Russian and Belarusian athletes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695638-minmolodsportu-pidgotuvalo-oficijnij-nakaz-pro-bojkot-zmagan-z-rosijskimi-ta-biloruskimi-sportsmenami.html
The Armed Forces have more than one variant of events on the front - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695634-zsu-maut-ne-odin-variant-rozvitku-podij-na-fronti-danilov.html
In the USA, a chat group was arrested
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695633-u-ssa-arestuvali-lidera-catgrupi-v-akij-zavilisa-sekretni-dani-pentagonu.html
In Ukraine potentially contaminated explosives 174 thousand square kilometers - SESNS
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3695629-v-ukraini-potencijno-zabrudneni-vibuhivkou-174-tisaci-kvadratnih-kilometriv-dsns.html
UEFA Conference League: Gent and West Hem shared points
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695628-liga-konferencij-uefa-gent-ta-vest-gem-podilili-ocki.html
In Moldova, they were sentenced to 15 years in prison of the leader of the pro -Russian Party "Shore"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695626-u-moldovi-zasudili-do-15-rokiv-vaznici-lidera-prorosijskoi-partii-sor.html
UEFA Europa League: "Roma" gave way to "
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695625-liga-evropi-uefa-roma-postupilas-feenordu.html
The Black Sea is of strategic importance for the security of NATO countries - Deputy Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695623-corne-more-mae-strategicne-znacenna-dla-bezpeki-krain-nato-zastupnik-stoltenberga.html
Last year in Iran, more than 582 people were executed - most since 2015
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695622-torik-v-irani-stratili-sonajmense-582-ludini-so-e-najbilsou-kilkistu-z-2015-roku.html
In Melitopol, an explosion and shooting were heard - mayor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3695619-u-melitopoli-prolunali-vibuh-i-strilanina-mer.html
In Donetsk, all Easter worship will be held in online format
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3695617-na-doneccini-vsi-velikodni-bogosluzinna-projdut-v-onlajnovomu-formati.html
No political force will have some exceptional and controlling role - Epiphany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3695616-zodna-politsila-ne-matime-u-pcu-akois-vinatkovoi-ta-kontroluucoi-roli-epifanij.html
Dzhokovich gave way to the 1/8 finals of the tournament in Monte Carlo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695615-dzokovic-postupivsa-v-18-finalu-turniru-v-montekarlo.html
Priests called to undergo safety briefings on the eve of Easter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3695420-svasennikiv-zaklikali-projti-bezpekovi-instruktazi-naperedodni-velikodna.html
Within the All -Ukrainian Mental Health Program, priority projects have been identified
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3695613-u-mezah-vseukrainskoi-programi-mentalnogo-zdorova-viznacili-prioritetni-proekti.html
Russia has increased gasoline exports to Africa by almost 50%
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695611-rosia-zbilsila-eksport-benzinu-v-kraini-afriki-majze-na-50.html
In the east, the enemy concentrated all its forces in four directions - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695607-na-shodi-vorog-skoncentruvav-usi-svoi-sili-na-cotiroh-napramkah-malar.html
Boyko returned to Dynamo's general group
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695606-bojko-povernuvsa-u-zagalnu-grupu-dinamo.html
NATO should provide Ukraine with safety guarantees in the summer - Poland Prime Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3695599-nato-mae-nadati-ukraini-bezpekovi-garantii-vlitku-premer-polsi.html
In the United States, the leader of the chat group was identified, which appeared the secret data of the Pentagon-NYT
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695601-u-ssa-vstanovili-osobu-lidera-catgrupi-v-akij-zavilisa-sekretni-dani-pentagonu-nyt.html
Zelensky conducted a military office - discussed the management of advanced
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695564-zelenskij-proviv-vijskovij-kabinet-obgovorili-upravlinna-peredovou.html
Propagandist Medvedchuk, who called for the "division of Ukraine", detained for state treason
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/propagandyst-medvedchuka-yakyj-zaklykav-do-podilu-ukrayiny/
"In the war, all fronts need attention and strength, financial front - especially" - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/na-vijni-vsi-fronty-potrebuyut-uvagy-ta-micznosti-finansovyj-front-prezydent-ukrayiny/
New fakes from roaspropaganda
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/dezinformaczijnyj-dajdzhest-za-12-kvitnya/
Russian Foreign Ministry: NATO seeks to turn the Baltics into an area of military competition
https://twitter.com/AlArabiya_Brk/status/1646384488086224896
Ukraine's Foreign Minister: True peace is in the restoration of all our lands and borders
https://twitter.com/AlArabiya_Brk/status/1646404088236482561
Ukrainian Foreign Minister: It's time for the Black Sea to belong to NATO
https://twitter.com/SkyNewsArabia_B/status/1646403760862687233
Ukraine and Canada agreements on cooperation will accelerate the displacement of Russia from the nuclear fuel market - Herman Galushchenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/domovlenosti-ukrayiny-i-kanady-pro-spivpraczyu-pryshvydshat-vytisnennya-rosiyi-z-rynku-yadernogo-palyva-german-galushhenko/
Russian FSB accused Ukrainian citizen Yuriy Denisov in co-assisting of murder of Vladlen Tata...
https://t.me/rusbrief/108625
JSC Sivershchyna And Slobozhanshchina Directions Rusian Army Shelled Galaganivka, Iron Miss ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4478
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4485
The occupiers take the pension affairs of occupied territories to Russia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/okupanty-vyvozyat-do-rosiyi-pensijni-spravy-meshkancziv-okupovanyh-terytorij/
Kyiv(10:28). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/KyivCityOfficial/6472
Transcarpathia region, Mykolaiv, Mykolaiv region, Volyn region, Ternopil, Ternopil region ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42974
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(10:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/14330
Vinnitsa region, Odesa region, Rivne, Rivne region, Kherson, Kherson region, Sumy ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42987
Explosions were reported in Melitopol
https://t.me/info_zp/33006
FSB accusing U.S. and NATO in launching cyberattacks against Russia from Ukraine
https://t.me/rian_ru/199739
5 years behind bars will hold a collaborator who during the occupation of Izium region was the "head of the utility sector"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/5-rokiv-za-gratamy-provede-kolaborant-yakyj-pid-chas-okupacziyi-izyumshhyny-buv-zaviduvachem-sektoru-zhkg/
Ukrainian nuclear energy: a Russian mine exploded near a power generator at the Zaporizhia Nu...
https://twitter.com/AlArabiya_Brk/status/1646451153385799682
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(11:54). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43012
Sumska Oblast(11:55). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43013
The Russian occupier squeezes them, and complains about the lack of personnel - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/rosijskyj-okupant-skyglyt-shho-yih-otochyly-i-skarzhytsya-na-brak-osobovogo-skladu-perehoplennya-gur/
Russian aviation conducted 3 airstrikes at Orikhiv
https://t.me/info_zp/33008
Explosions were reported near Krynychky village in occupied Crimea
https://t.me/Novoeizdanie/47885
Hague court orders Russia to pay Ukraine's Naftogaz $5 billion in compensation for losses in ...
https://twitter.com/KyivIndependent/status/1646459383814004736
Action sanctions: Ukraine and the world - against Russian aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/szru-sankcziyi-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi/
As the Ukrainian "crab" destroyed the Russian "swive"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/yak-ukrayinskyj-krab-znyshhyv-rosijskogo-stryzha/
In Russia under the cover of the call, hidden mobilization - CPD is gaining momentum
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/na-rosiyi-pid-prykryttyam-pryzovu-nabyraye-obertiv-pryhovana-mobilizacziya-czpd/
Ministry of Veterans begins monitoring the quality of provision of cash assistance service to veterans with disabilities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/minveteraniv-provede-monitoryng-yakosti-nadannya-poslugy/
Zaporizka Oblast(16:16). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12066
Donetsk Oblast(16:17). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43021
Reported suspicion of another 5 collaborators exposed after the release of temporarily occupied territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-shhe-5-kolaborantam/
The evacuation train from Pokrovsk will now come to Zhytomyr region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/evakuaczijnyj-potyag-iz-pokrovska-vidteper-prybuvatyme-na-zhytomyrshhynu/
Russian army shelled Nikopol district today
https://t.me/dneproperatyv/60135
The system of comprehensive support of veterans will facilitate the transition to civilian life
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/systema-perehodu-do-czyvilnogo-zhyttya/
The Armed Forces Aviation has made six beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/nasha-aviacziya-zavdala-shist-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
The comprehensive test of the Bellorussian Army's combat readiness is ongoing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/kompleksna-perevirka-bojovoyi-gotovnosti-biloruskoyi-armiyi-tryvaye/
In Odesa region appointed Acting the head of the area
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3695445-na-odesini-priznacili-vo-ocilnika-oblasti.html
Time named 100 most influential people of the year, including Zelensk and Matviychuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3695450-time-nazvav-100-najvplivovisih-ludej-roku-sered-nih-zelenska-i-matvijcuk.html
Russian army shelled Kucherivka in Kharkiv region with MLRS
https://t.me/huyovy_kharkiv/106084
Vodil in the Kyiv region: Due to the threat of new floods, the second level of danger was announced
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3695453-u-kievi-ta-oblasti-cerez-zagrozu-pidtoplenna-ogolosenij-drugij-riven-nebezpeki.html
The Ministry of Economy called on the EU to join the restrictions against the Russian nuclear industry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695452-u-minekonomiki-zaklikali-es-dolucitisa-do-obmezen-proti-rosijskoi-atomnoi-galuzi.html
Norway can create a series about cultural and historical ties with Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3695456-norvegia-moze-stvoriti-serial-pro-kulturni-ta-istoricni-zvazki-z-ukrainou.html
NATO Strengthens in the Black Sea: Germany has put forward three proposals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695461-posilenna-nato-v-cornomu-mori-nimeccina-visunula-tri-propozicii.html
During the day our warriors repulsed 45 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/protyagom-doby-nashi-voyiny-vidbyly-45-atak-protyvnyka/
Ukrainians were invited to Tokyo Easter Service
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3695370-ukrainciv-zaprosili-na-velikodnu-sluzbu-v-tokio.html
In Montenegro detained the mayor of Budva - the leader of the pro -Russian "Democratic Front"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695462-u-cornogorii-zatrimali-mera-budvi-lidera-prorosijskogo-demokraticnogo-frontu.html
Hyundai presented a compact electric crossover
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3695464-hyundai-predstaviv-kompaktnij-elektricnij-krosover.html
The former minister was sentenced to the murder of a reporter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695468-u-peru-kolisnogo-ministra-zasudili-za-vbivstvo-reportera.html
US and UK plan to get out of IBA and create a new boxing organization
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695469-ssa-ta-velika-britania-planuut-vijti-z-iba-ta-stvoriti-novu-organizaciu-z-boksu.html
Ukrainian air defense has a very high readiness class - Naev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695471-ukrainska-ppo-mae-duze-visokij-klas-gotovnosti-naev.html
China has dramatically increased trade with Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695473-kitaj-rizko-zbilsiv-obsagi-torgivli-z-rosieu.html
Olga Harlan will go to fencing chum
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695474-olga-harlan-vistupit-na-cu-z-fehtuvanna.html
Ukraine's restoration will become one of the largest investments in the history of Europe - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3695476-vidnovlenna-ukraini-stane-odnim-iz-najbilsih-investproektiv-v-istorii-evropi-smigal.html
About 6 million hectares of sunflower can be sown in Ukraine this year - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695477-v-ukraini-cogoric-moze-buti-zasiano-blizko-6-miljoniv-gektariv-sonasnika-ekspert.html
On the Odesa-Reni route restricted traffic through an accident with a bus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3695478-na-trasi-odesareni-obmezili-ruh-transportu-cerez-dtp-z-avtobusom.html
Video with the execution of Ukrainian military Russians: Lubinets turned to Moskalkova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3695481-video-zi-stratami-ukrainskih-vijskovih-rosianami-lubinec-zvernuvsa-do-moskalkovoi.html
Pentagon restricted access to "fused" secret documents - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695486-pentagon-obmeziv-dostup-do-zlitih-sekretnih-dokumentiv-bilij-dim.html
The expenses of Ukrainian farmers for sowing will increase this year by 19% - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695490-vitrati-ukrainskih-agrariiv-na-posivnu-cogoric-zrostut-na-19-ekspert.html
Bulgaria Foreign Minister: Russia's war against Ukraine has created a fundamentally new security environment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695489-glava-mzs-bolgarii-vijna-rosii-proti-ukraini-stvorila-principovo-nove-bezpekove-seredovise.html
Participants of the Ukraine-Moldova-Romania meeting approved in Bucharest a joint statement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3695488-ucasniki-zustrici-ukrainamoldovarumunia-uhvalili-v-buharesti-spilnu-zaavu.html
Ukraine this year will receive $ 3.5 billion from Japan - Ministry of Finance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695491-ukraina-cogoric-otrimae-vid-aponii-35-milarda-minfin.html
Ukrainian agrarians are provided with fertilizers by almost 60% - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695492-ukrainski-agrarii-zabezpeceni-mindobrivami-majze-na-60-ekspert.html
North Korea could have experience a new missile system - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695498-pivnicna-korea-mogla-viprobuvati-novu-raketnu-sistemu-zmi.html
Howard Buffett team will help Ukraine with humanitarian demining
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3695495-komanda-govarda-baffeta-dopomoze-ukraini-z-gumanitarnim-rozminuvannam.html
Putin is responsible for the brutal execution of the Ukrainian military - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3695497-putin-nese-vidpovidalnist-za-zorstoku-stratu-ukrainskogo-vijskovogo-smigal.html
The first ship from Rostov - Andryushchenko went to Mariupol's port this year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3695499-u-port-mariupola-zajslo-perse-cogoric-sudno-z-rostova-andrusenko.html
Russian aggression also shakes Asia as a diplomat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695500-rosijska-agresia-rozhitue-takoz-i-aziu-diplomat.html
The court returned to the community of workshops in Darnytskyi district
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3695503-sud-povernuv-gromadi-kieva-primisenna-majsteren-u-darnickomu-rajoni.html
The most fierce battles are going to Marinka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/najzapeklishi-boyi-tryvayut-za-maryinku/
UGCC head - about the events around the Kiev Lavra: it hurts to watch it
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3695504-glava-ugkc-pro-podii-navkolo-kiivskoi-lavri-bolace-za-cim-sposterigati.html
Australia generators worth € 1.95 million were received in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695505-v-ukrainu-nadijsli-generatori-z-avstralii-na-sumu-195-miljona.html
EU will revise transport projects to develop a connection with Ukraine and Moldova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695508-es-pereglane-transportni-proekti-sob-rozvinuti-spolucenna-z-ukrainou-ta-moldovou.html
Easter basket: which products went up the most
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695510-velikodnij-kosik-aki-produkti-podorozcali-najbilse.html
Two volunteers from the US were killed in battles for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695511-dvoe-dobrovolciv-iz-ssa-zaginuli-v-boah-za-ukrainu.html
MAF disassembly: Business asks the capital's power for compromise during the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3695513-demontaz-mafiv-biznes-prosit-stolicnu-vladu-pro-kompromis-na-cas-vijni.html
In Georgia, the Russians of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces were called by the Russians of the Armed Forces against Humanity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3695515-u-gruzii-nazvali-stratu-rosianami-polonenogo-bijca-zsu-zlocinom-proti-ludanosti.html
The Central Historical Archive of Ukraine presented a new e-resource of documents
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3695518-centralnij-istoricnij-arhiv-ukraini-prezentuvav-novij-eresurs-dokumentiv.html
BBC named Ukrainian stars that will perform in the Eurovision semifinals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3695516-bbc-nazvala-ukrainskih-zirok-aki-vistupatimut-u-pivfinalah-evrobacenna.html
Boeing has released Ukrainian companies from paying $ 200 million on the Maritime Start Project
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695517-boeing-zvilniv-ukrainski-kompanii-vid-splati-200-miljoniv-za-proektom-morskij-start.html
The MKIP presents a selection of illustrations on the occasion of moscow cruiser sinking
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3695519-mkip-prezentue-dobirku-ilustracij-z-nagodi-potoplenna-krejsera-moskva.html
Situation on the front and weapons: Zaluzhny met with the chief of the General Staff of France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695521-situacia-na-fronti-i-zbroa-zaluznij-zustrivsa-z-nacalnikom-genstabu-francii.html
Ukraine protects Moldova from destabilization by Russia - Passka
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3695520-ukraina-zahisae-moldovu-vid-destabilizacii-z-boku-rosii-popesku.html
Ronaldo's "Al-Drag" has announced the release of Garcia Rudy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695522-alnasr-ronaldu-ogolosiv-pro-zvilnenna-rudi-garsii.html
Japarova: NATO Summit in Vilnius should not only open the door to Ukraine, but also show the corridor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3695527-dzaparova-samit-nato-u-vilnusi-mae-ne-lise-vidciniti-dveri-ukraini-ale-j-pokazati-koridor.html
In Kiev, the wreckage of Neptune rocket was shown, which struck the cruiser "Moscow"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3695530-u-kievi-pokazali-ulamki-raketi-neptun-aka-urazila-krejser-moskva.html
Crimea is required for the security of the region and this will be done - Reznikov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695529-dla-bezpeki-regionu-neobhidna-deokupacia-krimu-i-ce-bude-zrobleno-reznikov.html
The occupiers intensified filtration measures in temporarily captured territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/okupanty-posylyly-filtraczijni-zahody-na-tymchasovo-zahoplenyh-terytoriyah/
Switzerland plans to allocate $ 1.7 billion to 2028 to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695532-svejcaria-planue-vidiliti-ukraini-17-milarda-do-2028-roku.html
Berlin allowed Poland to pass to Ukraine the fighters of the MiG-29-Spiegel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695533-berlin-dozvoliv-polsi-peredati-ukraini-vinisuvaci-mig29-spiegel.html
Zelensky presented awards to representatives of the defense-industrial complex
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3695536-zelenskij-vruciv-nagorodi-predstavnikam-oboronnopromislovogo-kompleksu.html
Moldova threatens missiles that Russia releases in Ukraine - the Minister of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695535-moldovi-zagrozuut-raketi-aki-rosia-vipuskae-po-ukraini-ministr-oboroni.html
Russians "upgrade" Shahd drones old relays that are 30 years old - General Staff
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695537-rosiani-modernizuut-droni-shahed-starimi-rele-akim-po-30-rokiv-genstab.html
Russia's war against Ukraine has tragic consequences for the entire global economy - the IMF head
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695538-vijna-rosii-proti-ukraini-mae-tragicni-naslidki-dla-vsiei-globalnoi-ekonomiki-glava-mvf.html
In Kherson region another temporary bridge is completed across the Ingulets River
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3695526-na-hersonsini-zaversuut-se-odin-timcasovij-mist-cerez-ricku-ingulec.html
Iceland has allocated $ 500,000 in support of green energy in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695549-islandia-vidilila-500-tisac-na-pidtrimku-zelenoi-energetiki-v-ukraini.html
Reznikov discussed with NATO Deputy Secretary General Preparation for Summit in Vilnius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3695545-reznikov-obgovoriv-iz-zastupnikom-genseka-nato-pidgotovku-do-samitu-u-vilnusi.html
Svitolina lost Ignatik in the second circle of ITF tournament in Switzerland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695546-svitolina-prograla-ignatik-u-drugomu-koli-turniru-itf-u-svejcarii.html
Dmytro Kuleba named three immediate steps necessary for Ukraine's success on battlefield
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695547-dmitro-kuleba-nazvav-tri-negajnih-kroki-neobhidnih-dla-uspihu-ukraini-na-poli-bou.html
Star Wars star Mark Hemill met online with Ukrainian military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3695548-zirka-zoranih-voen-mark-gemill-zustrivsa-onlajn-iz-ukrainskimi-vijskovimi.html
A group of countries, including the US and Britain, have created a new organization of amateur boxing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695552-grupa-krain-zokrema-ssa-i-britania-stvorili-novu-organizaciu-lubitelskogo-boksu.html
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Moldova reacted to the execution of the Russians of the Ukrainian military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3695553-mzs-moldovi-vidreaguvalo-na-stratu-rosianami-ukrainskogo-vijskovogo.html
Native prisoners of war in Olenivka complained to Lubin's inaction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3695554-ridni-vijskovopolonenih-u-olenivci-poskarzilisa-lubincu-na-bezdialnist-mkch.html
The Armed Forces Removed 20 enemy attacks a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695555-zsu-za-den-vidbili-20-vorozih-atak.html
Ukraine and the European Alliance of news agencies plan to create a platform for the investigation of Russian crimes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3695556-ukraina-ta-evropejskij-alans-informagentstv-planuut-stvoriti-platformu-z-rozsliduvanna-zlociniv-rf.html
Defense forces per day eliminated more than 500 invaders, destroyed 10 BBM and 7 Artisystems
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-ponad-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-10-bbm-i-7-artsystem/
The EU Council has imposed sanctions against Wagner PEC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695557-rada-es-zaprovadila-sankcii-proti-pvk-vagner.html
Kovtun is a bronze medalist in personal all -around at a sports gymnastics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695561-kovtun-bronzovij-prizer-v-osobistomu-bagatoborstvi-na-ce-zi-sportivnoi-gimnastiki.html
Poland transmits Ukraine by another MiG -29 party - Moravtsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695562-polsa-peredae-ukraini-cergovu-partiu-mig29-moraveckij.html
British Foreign Ministry: Video with execution of prisoners of war - just a terrible
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695563-mzs-britanii-videorolik-zi-stratou-vijskovopolonenogo-ukrainca-prosto-zahlivij.html
In some areas predict rain and fog, in the afternoon up to 15 ° heat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3695460-u-deakih-oblastah-prognozuut-dos-i-tuman-vden-do-15-tepla.html
Russians fired Kharkiv region, wounded four civilians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695566-rosiani-obstrilali-harkivsinu-poraneni-cetvero-civilnih.html
Ukrnafta has completed the Quarter with a net profit of ₴ 4.3 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695565-ukrnafta-zaversila-i-kvartal-z-cistim-pributkom-43-milarda.html
Zelensky held a meeting of European integration with the government and deputies
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3695572-zelenskij-proviv-z-uradom-i-deputatami-naradu-sodo-evrointegracii.html
Shmigal called the US to lead in confiscation of Russian assets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695571-smigal-zaklikav-ssa-do-liderstva-v-konfiskacii-rosijskih-aktiviv.html
Almost 15,000 Ukrainians have been involved in the Army of Recovery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3695575-do-armii-vidnovlenna-zalucili-vze-majze-15-tisac-ukrainciv.html
Ukraine has submitted Xiaomi to the list of international sponsors of war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695576-ukraina-vnesla-kompaniu-xiaomi-do-pereliku-miznarodnih-sponsoriv-vijni.html
The reason for the emergence of a military execution may be an internal struggle in the Russian Federation - a painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695577-pricinou-poavi-video-zi-stratou-vijskovogo-moze-buti-vnutrisna-borotba-v-rf-malar.html
In Poland, the bus got into an accident, three Ukrainians were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3695581-u-polsi-avtobus-potrapiv-u-dtp-postrazdali-troe-ukrainciv.html
Zelensky: Ukrainian OPC can do everything from shells and missiles to artillery and drones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695586-zelenskij-ukrainskij-opk-moze-robiti-use-vid-snaradiv-i-raket-do-artilerii-j-bezpilotnikiv.html
Arma prepares for sale arrested ore Russian oligarch
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695580-arma-gotue-do-prodazu-arestovanu-rudu-rosijskogo-oligarha.html
Romanchuk won the first Olympic license in swimming for Ukraine for games in Paris
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695585-romancuk-zdobuv-persu-olimpijsku-licenziu-u-plavanni-dla-ukraini-na-igri-v-parizi.html
Russian troops fired at Nikopol region three times, there is a destruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695587-vijska-rf-trici-obstrilali-nikopolsinu-e-rujnuvanna.html
Exactly a year ago, the Navy of the Armed Forces rewrite the age-old history-Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/rivno-rik-tomu-vijskovo-morski-syly-zsu-perepysaly-vikovu-istoriyu-oleksij-reznikov/
Shmigal thanked Poland for the support of Ukraine and the MiG-29 fighters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695591-smigal-podakuvav-polsi-za-pidtrimku-ukraini-ta-vinisuvaci-mig29.html
Russia voluntarily will not give up war in Ukraine - Moravtsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695593-rosia-dobrovilno-ne-vidmovitsa-vid-vijni-v-ukraini-moraveckij.html
Paratroopers, artillerymen, marines: Zelensky noted 349 military awards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695594-desantniki-artileristi-morpihi-zelenskij-vidznaciv-nagorodami-349-vijskovih.html
The UN Committee should consider the situation with the rights of Ukrainian prisoners of war - Lubinets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3695595-komitet-oon-mae-okremo-rozglanuti-situaciu-z-pravami-ukrainskih-vijskovopolonenih-lubinec.html
In Melitopol and Berdyansk there is a flash mob "Rozhism"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3695506-u-melitopoli-ta-berdansku-prohodit-flesmob-vidderi-rasizm.html
In the United States, the leader of the chat group was identified, which appeared the secret data of the Pentagon-NYT
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695601-u-ssa-vstanovili-osobu-lidera-catgrupi-v-akij-zavilisa-sekretni-dani-pentagonu-nyt.html
NATO should provide Ukraine with safety guarantees in the summer - Poland Prime Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3695599-nato-mae-nadati-ukraini-bezpekovi-garantii-vlitku-premer-polsi.html
Boyko returned to Dynamo's general group
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695606-bojko-povernuvsa-u-zagalnu-grupu-dinamo.html
In the east, the enemy concentrated all its forces in four directions - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695607-na-shodi-vorog-skoncentruvav-usi-svoi-sili-na-cotiroh-napramkah-malar.html
The first Black Sea Security Conference begins in Bucharest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/u-buharesti-rozpochynaye-robotu-persha-chornomorska-bezpekova-konferencziya/
Russia has increased gasoline exports to Africa by almost 50%
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695611-rosia-zbilsila-eksport-benzinu-v-kraini-afriki-majze-na-50.html
Within the All -Ukrainian Mental Health Program, priority projects have been identified
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3695613-u-mezah-vseukrainskoi-programi-mentalnogo-zdorova-viznacili-prioritetni-proekti.html
Priests called to undergo safety briefings on the eve of Easter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3695420-svasennikiv-zaklikali-projti-bezpekovi-instruktazi-naperedodni-velikodna.html
Dzhokovich gave way to the 1/8 finals of the tournament in Monte Carlo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695615-dzokovic-postupivsa-v-18-finalu-turniru-v-montekarlo.html
No political force will have some exceptional and controlling role - Epiphany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3695616-zodna-politsila-ne-matime-u-pcu-akois-vinatkovoi-ta-kontroluucoi-roli-epifanij.html
In Donetsk, all Easter worship will be held in online format
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3695617-na-doneccini-vsi-velikodni-bogosluzinna-projdut-v-onlajnovomu-formati.html
In Melitopol, an explosion and shooting were heard - mayor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3695619-u-melitopoli-prolunali-vibuh-i-strilanina-mer.html
Last year in Iran, more than 582 people were executed - most since 2015
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695622-torik-v-irani-stratili-sonajmense-582-ludini-so-e-najbilsou-kilkistu-z-2015-roku.html
The Black Sea is of strategic importance for the security of NATO countries - Deputy Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695623-corne-more-mae-strategicne-znacenna-dla-bezpeki-krain-nato-zastupnik-stoltenberga.html
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
UEFA Europa League: "Roma" gave way to "
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695625-liga-evropi-uefa-roma-postupilas-feenordu.html
In Moldova, they were sentenced to 15 years in prison of the leader of the pro -Russian Party "Shore"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695626-u-moldovi-zasudili-do-15-rokiv-vaznici-lidera-prorosijskoi-partii-sor.html
UEFA Conference League: Gent and West Hem shared points
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695628-liga-konferencij-uefa-gent-ta-vest-gem-podilili-ocki.html
In Ukraine potentially contaminated explosives 174 thousand square kilometers - SESNS
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3695629-v-ukraini-potencijno-zabrudneni-vibuhivkou-174-tisaci-kvadratnih-kilometriv-dsns.html
У США арештували лідера чат-групи, в якій з’явилися секретні дані Пентагону
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695633-u-ssa-arestuvali-lidera-catgrupi-v-akij-zavilisa-sekretni-dani-pentagonu.html
The Armed Forces have more than one variant of events on the front - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695634-zsu-maut-ne-odin-variant-rozvitku-podij-na-fronti-danilov.html
The Ministry of Youth has prepared an official order for a boycott of competitions with Russian and Belarusian athletes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695638-minmolodsportu-pidgotuvalo-oficijnij-nakaz-pro-bojkot-zmagan-z-rosijskimi-ta-biloruskimi-sportsmenami.html
Dmytro Kuleba discussed with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Argentina the formula of peace and strengthening of relations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/dmytro-kuleba-obgovoryv-z-glavoyu-mzs-aregentyny-formulu-myru-ta-zmicznennya-vidnosyn/
It is necessary to restart the UN Security Council to exclude from there the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3695639-treba-perezavantaziti-radu-bezpeki-oon-abi-vikluciti-zvidti-rf-kuleba.html
Shmigal in the USA: Help Ukraine is an investment in a new world without aggression
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695643-smigal-u-ssa-dopomoga-ukraini-ce-investicia-u-novij-svit-bez-agresii.html
Ukraine receives weapons from partners, but it is still not enough - the Secretary of the NSDC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695641-ukraina-otrimue-zbrou-vid-partneriv-ale-ii-vse-odno-nedostatno-sekretar-rnbo.html
The defeat of Ukraine will mean the end of the "golden age" of the event - Moravetsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695588-porazka-ukraini-oznacatime-kinec-zolotogo-viku-zahodu-moraveckij.html
In South Korea, "radiation" tests will be held at 89 fugitives with DPRK
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695436-u-pivdennij-korei-provedut-radiacijni-testi-na-89-vtikacah-iz-kndr.html
By posting a video with a war crime, the Russians intimidate their military - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/publikuyuchy-video-z-voyennym-zlochynom-rosiyany-zalyakuyut-svoyih-zhe-vijskovyh-gur/
The US has imposed sanctions against structures close to "Rosatom"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/ssha-zaprovadyly-sankcziyi-proty-struktur-nablyzhenyh-do-rosatomu/
During the day, rescuers have been traveling almost two hundred times to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-majzhe-dvisti-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-3/
Elements of Destroyed RF Technology have demonstrated to representatives of diplomatic missions of EU countries
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/elementy-znyshhenoyi-tehniky-rf-prodemonstruvaly-predstavnykam-dyplomatychnyh-misij-krayin-yes/
Ukraine appealed to the ICRC with a proposal to stimulate the work of the committee mission in the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/ukrayina-zvernulasya-do-mkchh-z-propozycziyeyu-stymulyuvaty-robotu-misiyi-komitetu-v-rf/
More than 3,000 children from the frontlines will undergo health at the expense of the state
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/ponad-3-tysyachi-ditej-iz-pryfrontovyh-terytorij-projdut-ozdorovlennya-koshtom-derzhavy/
Russia fired 135 settlements of Ukraine per day, the dead and wounded are
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/rosiya-za-dobu-obstrilyala-135-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-ye-zagybli-ta-poraneni/
Briefing representatives of Ukraine's security and defense forces in Military Media Center
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/bryfing-predstavnykiv-syl-bezpeky-ta-oborony-ukrayiny-u-military-media-center-4/
In the northern direction of defense force conduct coordination
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/na-pivnichnomu-napryamku-syly-oborony-provodyat-zlagodzhennya/
Crimea is Ukraine and it has to return under its control - Dmytro Kuleba
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/krym-cze-ukrayina-i-vin-maye-povernutys-pid-yiyi-kontrol-dmytro-kuleba/
We will make the Black Sea of Peace space - Alexey Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/my-zrobymo-chorne-more-prostorom-myru-oleksij-reznikov/
Briefing of representatives of the Trophy and Promising Weapons and Military Technical Center
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/bryfing-predstavnykiv-czentru-doslidzhen-trofejnogo-ta-perspektyvnogo-ozbroyennya-ta-vijskovoyi-tehniky/
In Crimea forcibly involve evacuated Ukrainians in the most difficult works - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/u-krymu-prymusovo-zaluchayut-evakujovanyh-ukrayincziv-do-vykonannya-najvazhchyh-robit-ganna-malyar/
The hostile informant was detained who corrected Shahaneda attacks on Odessa
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/zatrymano-vorozhogo-informatora-yakyj-koryguvav-ataky-shahediv-po-odesi/
Ukraine with partners intensifies the work on creating a special about a journal against Russia - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/ukrayina-z-partneramy-intensyfikuye-robotu-shhodo-stvorennya-specztrybunalu-proty-rf-ganna-malyar/
We are a community united not only by common values ​​but also by the common sea - Dmytro Kuleba
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/my-spilnota-obyednana-ne-lyshe-spilnymy-czinnostyamy-ale-j-spilnym-morem-dmytro-kuleba/
Anna Malyar About the Front Situation: Brave Bakhmut, Fierce Battle in Maryanka and Avdiivka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/ganna-malyar-pro-sytuacziyu-na-fronti-zhorstoki-zitknennya-u-bahmuti-zapekli-boyi-v-maryanczi-ta-avdiyivczi/
Almost 100 hectares of land have been returned to the Ministry of Defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/u-vlasnist-minoborony-povernuto-majzhe-100-gektariv-zemli/
Rockets launched by the Russian Federation in Ukraine also threaten Romania and Moldova - Dmytro Kuleba
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/rakety-zapushheni-rf-po-ukrayini-zagrozhuyut-takozh-rumuniyi-ta-moldovi-dmytro-kuleba/
Sumy and Chernihiv region army fired at mortars and barrel artillery
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/sumshhynu-i-chernigivshhynu-armiya-rf-obstrilyala-z-minometiv-ta-stvolnoyi-artyleriyi/
Daily for the protection and defense of important state objects the National Guard of Ukraine assigns more than 300 guards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/shhodenno-dlya-ohorony-ta-oborony-vazhlyvyh-derzhavnyh-obyektiv-naczionalna-gvardiya-ukrayiny-pryznachaye-ponad-300-vart/
In Russia, more than 400,000 people - Alexei Gromov - were announced for contract service
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/u-rosiyi-anonsuvaly-pryzvaty-na-kontraktnu-sluzhbu-ponad-400-tysyach-osib-oleksij-gromov/
Within three months in the Volgograd region, only 7% of the quarterly need have been summoned to the contract
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/protyagom-troh-misyacziv-u-volgogradskij-oblasti-na-kontrakt-pryzvano-lyshe-7-vid-kvartalnoyi-potreby/
This week National Guards destroyed 430 invaders, 2 tanks and artisystems
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/czogo-tyzhnya-naczgvardijczi-znyshhyly-430-okupantiv-19-bojovyh-bronovanyh-mashyn-2-tanky-5-minometnyh-rozrahunkiv-5-artsystem-ta-sklad-z-boyeprypasamy/
Anna Malyar: The issue of recovery in favor of MoU over 30 million UAH of penalties has been resolved
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/ganna-malyar-vyrisheno-pytannya-pro-styagnennya-na-koryst-mou-ponad-30-mln-grn-shtrafnyh-sankczij/
Private military companies are actively formed in the Russian Federation and to Tot - Alexei Gromov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/pryvatni-vijskovi-kompaniyi-aktyvno-formuyutsya-u-rf-ta-na-tot-oleksij-gromov/
In two weeks in the Bakhmut area, the enemy lost nearly 4,500 people killed and injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/za-dva-tyzhni-v-rajoni-bahmuta-vorog-vtratyv-vbytymy-ta-poranenymy-majzhe-4500-osib/
The ninth brigade as part of the Guard of the offensive was the Charter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/devyatoyu-brygadoyu-u-skladi-gvardiyi-nastupu-stala-hartiya/
The occupiers are depressed through the possible offensive of the Armed Forces and the canceled leave - Brigade General Gromov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/okupanty-depresuyut-cherez-mozhlyvyj-nastup-zsu-ta-skasovanu-vidpustku-brygadnyj-general-gromov/
It is important for the world that the Russian Federation is international criminal liability for all crimes - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/dlya-svitu-vazhlyvo-shhoby-rf-ponesla-mizhnarodnu-kryminalnu-vidpovidalnist-za-vsi-zlochyny-ganna-malyar/
In Ukraine presented the movie "Warriors": the stories of our defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/v-ukrayini-prezentuvaly-film-voyiny-istoriyi-nashyh-zahysnykiv/
In the Ship Group of the enemy in the Black Sea on duty there is one carrier of winged missiles "Caliber"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/u-korabelnomu-ugrupovanni-protyvnyka-v-chornomu-mori-na-cherguvanni-zalyshyvsya-odyn-nosij-krylatyh-raket-kalibr/
The enemy had to "modernize" Shahd 136 relay 30 years ago-Andrey Rudyk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/vorogu-dovelosya-modernizuvaty-shahed-136-rele-30-richnoyi-davnosti-andrij-rudyk/
SCOs showed how "burned at work" the Russian "resident"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/sso-pokazaly-yak-zgoriv-na-roboti-rosijskyj-zhytel/
In the production of UAVs of the Russian Federation hides its dependence on foreign components
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/u-vyrobnycztvi-bpla-rf-pryhovuye-svoyu-zalezhnist-vid-zakordonnyh-komponentiv/
Since February 2022, Russia has spent at least 50% of its anti -aircraft missiles with a long -range anti -aircraft missile
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/z-lyutogo-2022-roku-rosiya-vytratyla-shhonajmenshe-50-svogo-zapasu-zenitnyh-raket-dalnogo-radiusa-diyi/
Russian border guards with friendly fire eliminated their own drone
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/rosijski-prykordonnyky-druzhnim-vognem-likviduvaly-vlasnyj-bezpilotnyk/
Exactly 9 years ago, Russian troops invaded Ukrainian Donbas - Dmytro Kuleba
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/rivno-9-rokiv-tomu-rosijski-vijska-vtorglysya-na-ukrayinskyj-donbas-dmytro-kuleba/
More than 400 explosive items have been neutralized per day of Pyrotechnics of SES
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-400-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-5/
Catastrophic loss of rating mopatriarchal compensates for a passionate behavior
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/katastrofichnu-vtratu-rejtyngu-mospatriarhat-kompensuye-agresyvnoyu-povedinkoyu/
The Court in Hague obliged Russia to pay $ 5 billion for stolen Crimea property
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/sud-u-gaazi-zobovyazav-rosiyu-splatyty-5-mlrd-za-vykradene-majno-krymu/
A Russian mine - Energoatom exploded near the Zaporozhye NPP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/bilya-zaporizkoyi-aes-vybuhnula-rosijska-mina-energoatom/
Together with the people of Poland, we honor the memory of the victims of the Katin crime - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/razom-z-narodom-polshhi-vshanovuyemo-pamyat-zhertv-katynskogo-zlochynu-prezydent-ukrayiny/
The Russian Federation went to the tactics "if it would come and explode somewhere", "that at least something showed/illuminated" - Andriy Rudyk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/rf-perejshla-do-taktyk-aby-hoch-kudys-doletilo-j-vybuhnulo-aby-hoch-shhos-pokazalo-pidsvitylo-andrij-rudyk/
Billion euros on ammunition for Ukraine: The European Council has agreed to allocate tranche
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/milyard-yevro-na-boyeprypasy-dlya-ukrayiny-yevropejska-rada-pogodyla-vydilennya-transhu/
The President of Ukraine founded the Day of the Defense and Industrial Complex employee
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/prezydent-ukrayiny-zasnuvav-den-praczivnyka-oboronno-promyslovogo-kompleksu/
Ministry of Veterans in May begins a pilot project to introduce a veteran assistant institute
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/minveteraniv-u-travni-rozpochynaye-pilotnyj-proyekt-iz-zaprovadzhennya-instytutu-pomichnyka-veterana/
Представники місії МКЧХ повинні мати доступ до місць утримань військовополонених — Координаційний штаб
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/predstavnyky-misiyi-mkchh-povynni-maty-dostup-do-miscz-utryman-vijskovopolonenyh-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
Norwegian instructors teach Ukrainian crews on Leopard tanks break tank obstacles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/norvezki-instruktory-navchayut-ukrayinski-ekipazhi-na-tankah-leopard-proryvaty-tankovi-pereshkody/
The head of state awarded orders and medals almost a hundred defenders of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/glava-derzhavy-nagorodyv-ordenamy-i-medalyamy-majzhe-sotnyu-zahysnykiv-ukrayiny/
In the Seimas of Poland presented an exhibition - “Mariupol. Unconquered ”
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/u-sejmi-polshhi-prezentuvaly-vystavku-mariupol-neskorenyj/
Ukraine, Moldova and Romania have not only common borders, but also a common Russian threat - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/ukrayina-moldova-ta-rumuniya-mayut-ne-lyshe-spilni-kordony-ale-j-spilnu-rosijsku-zagrozu-oleksij-reznikov/
The Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces General Valery Zaluzhny met in Ukraine with a French colleague
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/golovnokomanduvach-zsu-general-valerij-zaluzhnyj-zustrivsya-v-ukrayini-z-franczuzkym-kolegoyu/
Офіс Генпрокурора України: задокументовано понад 80 тисяч воєнних злочинів
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-80-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
The head of state presented awards to representatives of domestic OPC
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/glava-derzhavy-vruchyv-nagorody-predstavnykam-vitchyznyanogo-opk/
In the border areas of Chernihiv region, two shrouds with Russian ammunition were found
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/u-prykordonnyh-rajonah-chernigivshhyny-vyyavleno-dva-shrony-z-rosijskym-boyeprypasamy/
Defense forces during the day repelled 20 attacks by Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/syly-oborony-protyagom-doby-vidbyly-20-atak-rosiyan/
The Russians inflicted 11 air strikes and more than 20 shellings from the RSLS - civilian citizens were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/rosiyany-zavdaly-po-ukrayini-11-aviaudariv-postrazhdaly-czyvilni-gromadyany/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 3 strikes by the Russian concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/viacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-3-udary-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-rosiyan/
Head of State: We are preparing guys and very much waiting for the weapons promised by partners
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/glava-derzhavy-gotuyemo-hlopcziv-i-duzhe-chekayemo-obiczyanoyi-partneramy-zbroyi/
In the Luhansk region, the occupiers select phones from citizens, fearing the leakage of information about their units
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/na-luganshhyni-okupanty-vidbyrayut-u-gromadyan-telefony-poboyuyuchys-vytoku-informacziyi-shhodo-yihnih-pidrozdiliv/
Дипломатам з ЄС продемонстрували рештки російської військової техніки, які містять електроніку західного виробництва
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/dyplomatam-z-yes-prodemonstruvaly-reshtky-rosijskoyi-vijskovoyi-tehniky-yaki-mistyat-elektroniku-zahidnogo-vyrobnycztva/
The desire not to provoke Russia created the ideal conditions for its aggression - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/pragnennya-ne-provokuvaty-rosiyu-stvorylo-idealni-umovy-dlya-yiyi-agresiyi-oleksij-reznikov/
Denis Shmigal called the US for leadership in the confiscation of Russian assets
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/denys-shmygal-zaklykav-ssha-do-liderstva-v-konfiskacziyi-rosijskyh-aktyviv/
“Officers recognized a very scary Nazis from the Tornado Battalion - the GUR Trance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/oficzery-vpiznaly-u-nomu-duzhe-strashnogo-naczysta-z-bataljonu-tornado-perehoplennya-gur/
The head of the district court in Kharkiv will be judged by the State Education Council
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/za-derzhzradu-sudytymut-golovu-rajsudu-na-harkivshhyni/
Denis Shmigal thanked Poland for the next MiG-29 party
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/denys-shmygal-podyakuvav-polshhi-za-chergovu-partiyu-mig-29/
In Kharkiv, the tractor driver exploded on a hostile mini
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/na-harkivshhyni-traktoryst-pidirvavsya-na-vorozhij-mini/
It is necessary to talk about the genocide that Russia performs in relation to the Ukrainian people - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/treba-govoryty-pro-genoczyd-yakyj-zdijsnyuye-sogodni-rosijska-federacziya-po-vidnoshennyu-do-ukrayinskogo-narodu-ganna-malyar/
Optimization of the procurement system in MOU: Ministry of Defense and British Crown Agents discussed the areas of cooperation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/optymizacziya-systemy-zakupivel-v-mou-minoborony-i-brytanska-crown-agents-obgovoryly-napryamy-spivrobitnycztva/
Denis Shmigal: In 2023, a quick reconstruction projects require $ 14 billion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/denys-shmygal-u-2023-roczi-na-proekty-shvydkoyi-vidbudovy-potribno-14-mlrd/
Destructed details of the operation of destruction of the cruiser "Moscow"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/rozsekrecheni-detali-operacziyi-znyshhennya-krejsera-moskva/
In Donetsk, the occupiers release local doctors and take doctors from the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/na-donechchyni-okupanty-zvilnyayut-misczevyh-likariv-ta-vezut-medykiv-z-rf/
The Ministry of Defense continues to search for effective models of the Organization Organization of the Armed Forces: a meeting with retailers took place
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/ministerstvo-oborony-prodovzhuye-poshuk-efektyvnyh-modelej-organizacziyi-harchuvannya-zsu-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-ritejleramy/
In the war, the phrase "enough weapons" does not exist - Alexei Danilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/na-vijni-slovospoluchennya-dostatno-zbroyi-ne-isnuye-oleksij-danilov/
Short. War. Day 414. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/korotko-vijna-den-414-videodajdzhest-2/
The Office of the Prosecutor General has recorded more than 77 thousand military crimes of Russians in Ukraine - Kostin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695651-ofis-genprokurora-zafiksuvav-ponad-77-tisac-voennih-zlociniv-rosian-v-ukraini-kostin.html
Russians imagine taking Bakhmut as a victory in World War II - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695642-danilov-rosiani-uavlaut-vzatta-bahmuta-ak-peremogu-v-drugij-svitovij-vijni.html
UEFA Europa League: Juventus won, and Mu and Bayer played a draw in their matches
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695650-liga-evropi-uefa-uventus-peremig-a-mu-i-baer-zigrali-vniciu-u-svoih-matcah.html
Reznikov: OPK Romania produces "some good things" we need
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695649-reznikov-opk-rumunii-viroblae-deaki-nepogani-reci-aki-nam-potribni.html
US support Ukraine's desire for reforms and implementation of the IMF program - Minister of Finance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695648-ssa-pidtrimuut-pragnenna-ukraini-do-reform-i-vikonanna-programi-mvf-ministerka-finansiv.html
US support Ukraine's desire for reforms and implementation of the IMF program - Minister of Finance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695648-ssa-pidtrimuut-pragnenna-ukraini-do-reform-i-vikonanna-programi-mvf-ministerka-finansiv.html
Reznikov: OPK Romania produces "some good things" we need
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695649-reznikov-opk-rumunii-viroblae-deaki-nepogani-reci-aki-nam-potribni.html
UEFA Europa League: Juventus won, and Mu and Bayer played a draw in their matches
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695650-liga-evropi-uefa-uventus-peremig-a-mu-i-baer-zigrali-vniciu-u-svoih-matcah.html
Russians imagine taking Bakhmut as a victory in World War II - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695642-danilov-rosiani-uavlaut-vzatta-bahmuta-ak-peremogu-v-drugij-svitovij-vijni.html
The Office of the Prosecutor General has recorded more than 77 thousand military crimes of Russians in Ukraine - Kostin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695651-ofis-genprokurora-zafiksuvav-ponad-77-tisac-voennih-zlociniv-rosian-v-ukraini-kostin.html
In 2023, Ukraine will receive $ 3.5 billion in direct budget support from Japan
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/u-2023-roczi-ukrayina-otrymaye-vid-yaponiyi-35-mlrd-dolariv-ssha-pryamoyi-byudzhetnoyi-pidtrymky/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====