乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-04-10

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled well, Krasne First, Novomlinsk, two -year -old, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4447
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Minkivka, Zaliznyanske, Orikhovo-Basil ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4449
At Avdiyivka and Maryinka directions Russian army shelled Novokalynove, Kamyanka, Stepove, Or...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4450
Sumska Oblast, Chernihivska Oblast(10:50). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take co...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42810
Donetsk Oblast(11:39). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42813
Donetsk Oblast(14:05). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42815
Donetsk Oblast(15:06). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42817
Donetsk Oblast(17:00). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42819
Donetsk Oblast(19:15). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42821
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(19:33). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42822
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(19:56). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42824
Zaporizka Oblast(20:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42825
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(20:54). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42828
Donetsk Oblast(00:05). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42832
Sumy region, Zaporizhzhya region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region (00:10). Red Alrt: Aerial Tr ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42835
Poltavska Oblast(00:11). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/10721
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(00:12). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42837
In Donetsk, our Marines eliminate the enemy by shock drones
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/na-donechchyni-nashi-morpihy-likvidovuyut-voroga-udarnymy-dronamy/
"We must be sure that evil is losing, we must bring the loss of evil, and we are approaching" - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/mayemo-buty-vpevneni-shho-zlo-prograye-mayemo-nablyzhaty-progrash-zla-i-my-nablyzhayemo-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Instructors of the royal regiment of the United Kingdom teach Ukrainians to defend and step on
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/09/instruktory-korolivskogo-polku-velykoyi-brytaniyi-vchat-ukrayincziv-oboronyatys-j-nastupaty/
AT Shakhtarsk Directive Russian Army Sheleled Victory, Novomikhailivka, Bokhoynalenka, Shakhtar ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4459
The President wants to have telephone talks with India Prime Minister - Japarova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3694048-prezident-hoce-provesti-telefonni-peregovori-z-premerom-indii-dzaparova.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Novopil of Donetsk regi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4460
In the captured Mariupol, the Russians painted the Ukrainian mural about equality
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694018-u-zahoplenomu-mariupoli-rosiani-zafarbuvali-mural-proti-nasilla.html
Ukrainian and Polish law enforcement officers exposed fraudsters who earned for "evacuations" from Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694016-ukrainski-ta-polski-pravoohoronci-vikrili-sahraiv-aki-zaroblali-na-evakuacii-z-bahmuta.html
In Kropyvnytskyi, students create a patriotic mural in the hiding place
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694014-u-kropivnickomu-studenti-stvoruut-v-ukritti-visu-patrioticnij-stinopis.html
Lubinets explained how to get a military holding certificate in captivity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693781-lubinec-poasniv-ak-otrimati-dovidku-pro-perebuvanna-vijskovogo-u-poloni.html
Ukrnafta invites investors to reconnaissance and deposits development
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694010-ukrnafta-zaprosue-investoriv-do-proektiv-z-rozvidki-ta-rozrobki-rodovis.html
Arsen Mirzoyan became the ambassador of the steel border's assault brigade
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3694031-arsen-mirzoan-stav-ambasadorom-sturmovoi-brigadi-stalevij-kordon.html
Drones, ammunition and antennas: Germany handed Ukraine another military aid package to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693983-droni-boepripasi-ta-anteni-nimeccina-peredala-ukraini-cergovij-paket-vijskovoi-dopomogi.html
Zelensky about the exchange of prisoners: Hundred families before Easter got true joy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694165-zelenskij-pro-obmin-polonenimi-sotna-rodin-pered-pashou-otrimala-spravznu-radist.html
Podolyak criticized Twitter policy on illumination of war with the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3694166-podolak-rozkritikuvav-politiku-twitter-sodo-visvitlenna-vijni-z-rf.html
Humeniuk: The invaders are gradually aware that where Ukraine, they will not be rest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694164-gumenuk-zagarbniki-postupovo-usvidomluut-so-vsudi-de-ukraina-im-ne-bude-spokou.html
Mohammed Ali's grandson will fight May 20
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694162-onuk-mohammeda-ali-provede-bij-20-travna.html
Russians attacked a civil boat in Kherson region - two wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694158-rosiani-atakuvali-civilnij-coven-na-hersonsini-dvoe-poranenih.html
The term "losing" should become a satellite of the term "aggressor" - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694159-termin-progras-mae-stati-suputnikom-terminu-agresor-prezident.html
At Caurus Directory Russia Army Shellled Krasche Perche, NovoMilnsk, Yardnica, West Ande ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4455
British businessman Richard Branson became a new ambassador United24 - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694155-britanskij-biznesmen-ricard-brenson-stav-novim-ambasadorom-united24-zelenskij.html
The youth team of Ukraine with hockey beat Hungary in a control match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694154-unacka-zbirna-ukraini-z-hokeu-obigrala-ugorsinu-v-kontrolnomu-matci.html
Buckingham Palace released new details of the coronation of Charles III
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694153-bukingemskij-palac-opriludniv-novi-detali-koronacii-carlza-iii.html
In the capital turned off the heating for 95% of residential high -rise buildings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3694150-u-stolici-vimknuli-opalenna-dla-95-zitlovih-bagatopoverhivok.html
The leakage of secret files of the Pentagon will not affect the volume of support of Ukraine - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3694148-vitik-sekretnih-fajliv-pentagonu-ne-vpline-na-obsagi-pidtrimki-ukraini-derzdep.html
In Ukraine, the rains and gusts of wind, in the afternoon to +17 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693946-v-ukraini-prognozuut-dosi-ta-porivi-vitru-vden-do-17.html
In Turkey, a channel is built to the ancient city of Ephesus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693954-u-tureccini-buduut-kanal-do-starodavnogo-mista-efes.html
Zelensky dismissed the heads of Obukhov and Fastiv Regional State Administration in Kyiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694146-zelenskij-zvilniv-kerivnikiv-obuhivskoi-i-fastivskoi-rda-na-kiivsini.html
US interact with allies and partners on the leakage of secret files - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694144-ssa-vzaemodiut-iz-souznikami-j-partnerami-sodo-vitoku-sekretnih-fajliv-derzdep.html
In Borodyanka, a new police department was completed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694147-u-borodanci-zaversili-proektuvanna-novogo-viddilenna-policii.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Novoselivske, Cherneschyna, Makiyivka, Nevske, Yampol...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4456
The Russians during the day fired at five communities of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694140-rosiani-protagom-dobi-obstrilali-pat-gromad-sumsini.html
Payments of 30 thousand defenders will become for the Government a "task with an asterisk" - MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694142-viplati-30-tisac-zahisnikam-stanut-dla-uradu-zadaceu-z-zirockou-deputat.html
Ukraine needs five thousand experts to mine - Reznikov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3694139-ukraini-potribno-pat-tisac-fahivciv-dla-rozminuvanna-reznikov.html
Zelensky introduced Kamyshin to the personal warehouse
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3694136-zelenskij-uviv-kamisina-do-personalnogo-skladu-stavki.html
Luis Kashtra won the first trophy from Botafhog
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694135-luis-kastru-vigrav-persij-trofej-iz-botafogo.html
The "fused" documents of the Pentagon do not reveal data on the counter -offensive of the Armed Forces - Podolyak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694131-zliti-dokumenti-pentagonu-ne-rozkrivaut-dannih-pro-kontrnastup-podolak.html
Reznikov: We are waiting for the moment to repeat for Russian ships with a history with Creiser "Moscow"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694133-reznikov-cekaemo-momentu-sob-povtoriti-dla-korabliv-rf-istoriu-z-krejserom-moskva.html
Sandu convenes national assembly to support European integration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694130-sandu-sklikae-nacionalni-zbori-na-pidtrimku-evrointegracii.html
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Zaliznyanske, Minkivka, Orikhovo-Basil ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4457
JSC Avdiivka And Marynka DirecTion Rusian Army Shelled Novokalin, Berdyshi, Steppe, Already ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4458
As a result of shooting in Luisville, five people were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694084-unaslidok-strilanini-v-luisvilli-zaginuli-patero-ludej.html
Commander of operative command East Syrsky visited Bakhmut frontline yesterday
https://t.me/Tsaplienko/29618
Donetsk Oblast(09:03). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42845
Damage at hospital in Kherson as result of Russian shelling this morning
https://t.me/hueviyherson/37752
Zaporizka Oblast(10:01). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42846
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Yasna Polyana and Hremyac...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4454
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4461
Sumska Oblast, Chernihivska Oblast(11:27). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take co...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42850
Sumska Oblast(12:18). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42853
Donetsk Oblast(13:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42855
100 Ukrainian servicemen were released from Russian captivity
https://t.me/hromadske_ua/31391
Ukrainian Children's Literature appeared in German libraries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3693938-u-bibliotekah-nimeccini-zavilasa-ukrainska-ditaca-literatura.html
The Court postponed the appeal of Metropolitan Paul on April 21
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693974-sud-perenis-rozglad-apelacii-mitropolita-pavla-na-21-kvitna.html
In Kharkiv on Easter, all cemeteries will be closed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693976-u-harkovi-na-velikden-zakriut-vsi-kladovisa.html
The status of the displaced person has 4.8 million Ukrainians, including 1 million children - Vereshchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693977-status-pereselenca-maut-48-miljona-ukrainciv-sered-nih-1-miljon-ditej-veresuk.html
Radutsky believes that medical and social expert commissions should cease to exist in its current form
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693932-raduckij-vvazae-medikosocialni-ekspertni-komisii-u-ninisnomu-vigladi-maut-pripiniti-isnuvanna.html
Lester began negotiations with Raphael Benites - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693980-lester-rozpocav-peregovori-z-rafaelem-benitesom-zmi.html
The Church of the Moscow Patriarchate in Truskavets decided to go to the PCC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693982-cerkva-moskovskogo-patriarhatu-u-truskavci-virisila-perejti-do-pcu.html
In Kiev, the restored building of the river station was put into operation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3693984-u-kievi-vveli-v-ekspluataciu-vidrestavrovanu-budivlu-rickovogo-vokzalu.html
In Turkey, the number of victims of earthquakes has increased to 50 399
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693985-u-tureccini-kilkist-zertv-zemletrusiv-zrosla-do-50-399.html
In Kursk after Belgorod, the parade was canceled on May 9 - Roszma
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693986-u-kursku-uslid-za-bilgorodom-skasuvali-parad-na-9-travna-roszmi.html
In Kiev presented the project "Books on the Front"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3693987-u-kievi-prezentuvali-proekt-knigi-na-front.html
The State Recovery Agency has transformed highways in areas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3693990-derzagentstvo-vidnovlenna-transformuvalo-sluzbi-avtodorig-v-oblastah.html
The Council urged NATO countries to speed up Ukraine's accession to the Alliance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3693991-rada-zaklikala-kraini-nato-priskoriti-vstup-ukraini-do-alansu.html
Brazil's President goes to China - will talk about war in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693992-prezident-brazilii-ide-do-kitau-govoritime-pro-vijnu-v-ukraini.html
In the Chernihiv region, the bridge was opened through the gums destroyed at the beginning of the invasion of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3693995-na-cernigivsini-vidkrili-mist-cerez-desnu-zrujnovanij-na-pocatku-vtorgnenna-rf.html
Poplavsky stated that he was coming from the post of rector of the University of Culture
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3693996-poplavskij-zaaviv-so-jde-z-posadi-rektora-universitetu-kulturi.html
Died guitarist Avva band
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3693997-pomer-gitarist-gurtu-avva.html
A large -scale fire in the Moscow - a plastic composition is burning
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694000-u-pidmoskovi-masstabna-pozeza-gorit-sklad-iz-plastikom.html
Great Exchange: Ukraine returned home more than 100 prisoners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694003-velikij-obmin-ukraina-povernula-dodomu-se-100-polonenih.html
In the defense forces called the most difficult directions of the front
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694002-u-silah-oboroni-nazvali-najskladnisi-napramki-frontu.html
China has completed three -day military training near Taiwan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694004-kitaj-zaversiv-tridenni-vijskovi-navcanna-poblizu-tajvanu.html
In Melitopol, traitors and collaborators were banned from traveling outside the city
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694006-u-melitopoli-zradnikam-i-kolaborantam-zaboronili-viizdzati-za-mezi-mista.html
"Ukraine is ready for a new page": Zelensky spoke with Prime Minister of Iraq
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3694007-ukraina-gotova-do-novoi-storinki-zelenskij-pogovoriv-z-premerom-iraku.html
The Ukrainian Danube Shipping Company has announced a competition for using a tanker
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694008-ukrainske-dunajske-paroplavstvo-ogolosilo-konkurs-na-koristuvanna-tankerom.html
The Council released from import duties and VAT.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694009-rada-zvilnila-vid-vviznogo-mita-i-pdv-tovari-oboronnogo-priznacenna.html
Berinchik: Almost all of the fee from Mandy I gave on the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694013-berincik-majze-ves-gonorar-vid-bou-z-mendi-a-viddav-na-zsu.html
In Kropyvnytskyi, students create a patriotic mural in the hiding place
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694014-u-kropivnickomu-studenti-stvoruut-v-ukritti-visu-patrioticnij-stinopis.html
Ukrainian and Polish law enforcement officers exposed fraudsters who earned for "evacuations" from Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694016-ukrainski-ta-polski-pravoohoronci-vikrili-sahraiv-aki-zaroblali-na-evakuacii-z-bahmuta.html
In the captured Mariupol, the Russians painted the Ukrainian mural about equality
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694018-u-zahoplenomu-mariupoli-rosiani-zafarbuvali-mural-proti-nasilla.html
Inflation in March was 1.5%
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694021-inflacia-u-berezni-stanovila-15.html
The band Probass ∆ Hardi became the ambassador
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3694025-gurt-probass-hardi-stav-ambasadorom-sturmovoi-brigadi-spartan.html
In Luhansk region border guards knocked down two enemy reconnaissance drones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694024-na-lugansini-prikordonniki-zbili-dva-vorozi-rozviduvalni-bezpilotniki.html
In Kiev, a man fired a shopping kiosk, he was suspected
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3694028-u-kievi-colovik-obstrilav-torgovelnij-kiosk-jomu-ogolosili-pidozru.html
30 thousand for the military: Venislavsky says that for surcharges you need to look for money
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694029-30-tisac-dla-vijskovih-venislavskij-kaze-so-dla-doplat-potribni-dodatkovi-kosti-v-budzet.html
Kalush was put into circulation by Ukrposhta's Kalush Orchestra
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694032-u-kalusi-vveli-v-obig-marku-ukrposti-kalush-orchestra.html
UkrPoshta Due to the war with the Russian Federation suffered more than € 34 million losses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694034-ukrposta-cerez-vijnu-z-rf-zaznala-ponad-34-miljoni-zbitkiv.html
In China's Foreign Ministry, the Macron and SI negotiations were told about the Crisis in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694045-u-mzs-kitau-rozpovili-pro-rezultati-peregovoriv-makrona-ta-si-pro-krizu-v-ukraini.html
Klimkin criticized Macron's statement about "European Strategic Autonomy"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3694035-klimkin-rozkritikuvav-zaavu-makrona-pro-evropejsku-strategicnu-avtonomiu.html
Alienation of land at Karpenko-Kary University: The Court of Appeal supported the position of MKIP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3694037-vidcuzennam-zemli-v-universitetu-karpenkakarogo-apelacijnij-sud-pidtrimav-poziciu-mkip.html
Ukraine handed Russia to five more seriously wounded prisoners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694041-ukraina-peredala-rosii-se-patoh-vazkoporanenih-polonenih.html
US begins annual nuclear restraint training
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694043-ssa-rozpocinaut-soricni-navcanna-z-adernogo-strimuvanna.html
The Council proposes to include the history of Ukraine and foreign languages in the STA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694046-rada-proponue-vkluciti-do-obovazkovih-predmetiv-na-dpa-istoriu-ukraini-ta-inozemni-movi.html
In the capital's schools and kindergartens intensify security
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3694047-u-stolicnih-skolah-i-ditsadkah-posiluut-ohoronu.html
Russians fireting a transport moving towards Bakhmut - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694053-rosiani-obstriluut-transport-akij-ruhaetsa-v-bik-bahmuta-malar.html
Silva's Tiags recovered from injury and returned to workouts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694055-tiagu-silva-vidnovivsa-vid-travmi-i-povernuvsa-do-trenuvan.html
In Turkey, the world's first ships for the use of shock UAVs have been armed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694057-u-tureccini-postavili-na-ozbroenna-persij-u-sviti-korabel-dla-vikoristanna-udarnih-bpla.html
Blinken goes to Western Europe and Asia, will talk about Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694059-blinken-virusae-do-zahidnoi-evropi-ta-azii-govoritime-j-pro-ukrainu.html
Defense forces knocked down two Russian drones on the border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694060-sili-oboroni-zbili-na-prikordonni-dva-rosijski-bezpilotniki.html
After Easter eggs are cheaper by 20-40%-Minagro Policy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694061-pisla-velikodna-ajca-zdesevsaut-na-2040-minagropolitiki.html
Carrager criticized Zinchenko for a mistake in the match with Liverpool
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694062-karrager-rozkritikuvav-zincenka-za-pomilku-v-matci-z-liverpulem.html
China's Foreign Ministry: Taiwanese question is solely in China's internal business
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694044-mzs-knr-tajvanske-pitanna-e-viklucno-vnutrisnou-spravou-kitau.html
Civil journalist Danilovich, convicted in Crimea, restricted access to her case materials
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3694063-zasudzenij-u-krimu-gromadanskij-zurnalistci-danilovic-obmezili-dostup-do-materialiv-ii-spravi.html
Aeroflot through sanctions for the first time forced to send their Airbus to repair to Iran
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694065-aeroflot-cerez-sankcii-vperse-vimusenij-vidpraviti-svij-airbus-na-remont-do-iranu.html
NABU has been wanted by the Extolist of the Sennychenko State Property Fund
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694066-nabu-ogolosilo-v-rozsuk-eksocilnika-fondu-derzmajna-sennicenka.html
Turkey will increase the budget of defensive projects to $ 75 billion - Erdogan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694079-tureccina-zbilsit-budzet-oboronnih-proektiv-do-75-milardiv-erdogan.html
Time works for Ukraine and preparation of a counter -offensive - Reznikov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694080-cas-pracue-na-ukrainu-i-pidgotovku-kontrnastupu-reznikov.html
France at the UN: Delivery of weapons to Ukraine will continue despite the attempts of the Russian Federation to disrupt them
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694081-francia-v-oon-postavki-zbroi-v-ukrainu-prodovzatsa-popri-sprobi-rf-ih-zirvati.html
Denmark will hand over 100 Leopard tanks to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694082-dania-peredast-ukraini-100-tankiv-leopard.html
Olga Savchuk: We have a very good team, I would call this composition perfect
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694083-olga-savcuk-u-nas-duze-horosa-komanda-a-b-nazvala-cej-sklad-idealnim.html
Ukraine terminated an agreement with Russia on the order of crossing the border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3694085-ukraina-rozirvala-ugodu-z-rosieu-pro-poradok-peretinu-kordonu.html
Ukraine managed to return from the captivity of the Russian Federation already 2 105 people - Lubinets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694087-ukraini-vdalosa-povernuti-z-polonu-rf-vze-2-105-osib-lubinec.html
The Council should accelerate the adoption of the bill on the ban on Russian churches - Poturoaev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3694092-rada-mae-prisvidsiti-uhvalenna-zakonoproektu-pro-zaboronu-rosijskih-cerkov-poturaev.html
The Council supported changes to the Agreement to avoid double taxation between Ukraine and Katar
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694090-rada-pidtrimala-zmini-do-ugodi-pro-uniknenna-podvijnogo-opodatkuvanna-miz-ukrainou-ta-katarom.html
Defense cooperation and situation at the front: Zelensky has a conversation with Greece Prime Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3694094-oboronna-spivpraca-i-situacia-na-fronti-zelenskij-proviv-rozmovu-z-premerom-grecii.html
Ukraine has terminated an agreement with Belarus on cooperation in the field of technical protection of information
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3694096-ukraina-rozirvala-ugodu-z-bilorussu-pro-spivpracu-v-galuzi-tehnicnogo-zahistu-informacii.html
Journalist: Stepanovsky - Chief Candidate for the Post Coach of the Men's Team of Ukraine in Basketball
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694097-zurnalist-stepanovskij-golovnij-kandidat-na-post-trenera-colovicoi-zbirnoi-ukraini-z-basketbolu.html
Russia violates the sanctions that itself approved at the UN against Iran and North Korea - Britain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694098-rosia-porusue-sankcii-aki-sama-uhvaluvala-v-oon-proti-iranu-j-pivnicnoi-korei-britania.html
In Northern Ireland, young men attacked police during a parade
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694100-u-pivnicnij-irlandii-molodiki-napali-na-policejskih-pid-cas-paradu.html
Erdogan does not plan to visit Moscow, as well as Putin to go to Turkey - Cavushaglu
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694107-erdogan-ne-planue-vidviduvati-moskvu-ak-i-putin-ihati-v-tureccinu-cavusoglu.html
In Ukraine, last year 28 Pushkin and four monuments were demolished
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3694108-v-ukraini-torik-znesli-28-pamatnikiv-puskinu-i-cotiri-suvorovu.html
Ukraine has left the CIS protocol on joint anti -terrorist measures
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3694103-ukraina-vijsla-z-protokolu-snd-pro-spilni-antiteroristicni-zahodi.html
Hundreds of schoolgirls in several provinces of Iran are poisoned - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694110-sotni-skolarok-u-kilkoh-provinciah-iranu-otruilisa-zmi.html
Government launches grant programs for veterans to start or developing your own business
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694113-urad-zapuskae-grantovi-programi-dla-veteraniv-na-start-abo-rozvitok-vlasnogo-biznesu.html
Boston set a new record in NHL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694115-boston-vstanoviv-novij-rekord-v-nhl.html
"Strange Information": OP answered the publication that the states were allegedly spying behind Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3694116-divna-informacia-v-op-vidpovili-na-publikaciu-pro-te-so-stati-nibito-spiguvali-za-zelenskim.html
Moldova for a year cut exports to Russia by one third
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694118-moldova-za-rik-skorotila-na-tretinu-eksport-v-rosiu.html
The court left fines for DTEK for abuse of monopoly on Burshtyn Energy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3694121-sud-zalisiv-u-sili-strafi-dla-dtek-za-zlovzivanna-monopolieu-na-burstinskomu-energoostrovi.html
Poland's representative to the UN compared the crimes of the Russian Federation in Ukraine with Katynnia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694122-predstavnik-polsi-v-oon-porivnav-zlocini-rf-v-ukraini-z-katinnu.html
Svitolina will play at ITF tournament in Switzerland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694123-svitolina-zigrae-na-turniri-itf-u-svejcarii.html
Libraries can take part in the Polish shelf project in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3693950-biblioteki-mozut-vzati-ucast-u-proekti-polska-polica-v-ukraini.html
In Poltava two DNR fighters were sentenced to 15 years in prison
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693906-u-poltavi-dvoh-bojovikiv-dnr-zasudili-do-15-rokiv-uvaznenna.html
Former US military may be involved in service service for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694126-kolisnih-vijskovih-ssa-mozut-zaluciti-do-obslugovuvanna-ozbroenna-dla-ukraini.html
The President appointed Kravchenko as head of the Kiev Regional State Administration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694128-prezident-priznaciv-kravcenka-golovou-kiivskoi-oda.html
Sandu convenes national assembly to support European integration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694130-sandu-sklikae-nacionalni-zbori-na-pidtrimku-evrointegracii.html
Reznikov: We are waiting for the moment to repeat for Russian ships with a history with Creiser "Moscow"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694133-reznikov-cekaemo-momentu-sob-povtoriti-dla-korabliv-rf-istoriu-z-krejserom-moskva.html
The "fused" documents of the Pentagon do not reveal data on the counter -offensive of the Armed Forces - Podolyak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694131-zliti-dokumenti-pentagonu-ne-rozkrivaut-dannih-pro-kontrnastup-podolak.html
Luis Kashtra won the first trophy from Botafhog
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694135-luis-kastru-vigrav-persij-trofej-iz-botafogo.html
Zelensky introduced Kamyshin to the personal warehouse
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3694136-zelenskij-uviv-kamisina-do-personalnogo-skladu-stavki.html
Ukraine needs five thousand experts to mine - Reznikov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3694139-ukraini-potribno-pat-tisac-fahivciv-dla-rozminuvanna-reznikov.html
Payments of 30 thousand defenders will become for the Government a "task with an asterisk" - MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694142-viplati-30-tisac-zahisnikam-stanut-dla-uradu-zadaceu-z-zirockou-deputat.html
The Russians during the day fired at five communities of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694140-rosiani-protagom-dobi-obstrilali-pat-gromad-sumsini.html
In Borodyanka, a new police department was completed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694147-u-borodanci-zaversili-proektuvanna-novogo-viddilenna-policii.html
US interact with allies and partners on the leakage of secret files - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694144-ssa-vzaemodiut-iz-souznikami-j-partnerami-sodo-vitoku-sekretnih-fajliv-derzdep.html
Zelensky dismissed the heads of Obukhov and Fastiv Regional State Administration in Kyiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694146-zelenskij-zvilniv-kerivnikiv-obuhivskoi-i-fastivskoi-rda-na-kiivsini.html
In Turkey, a channel is built to the ancient city of Ephesus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693954-u-tureccini-buduut-kanal-do-starodavnogo-mista-efes.html
In Ukraine, the rains and gusts of wind, in the afternoon to +17 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693946-v-ukraini-prognozuut-dosi-ta-porivi-vitru-vden-do-17.html
The leakage of secret files of the Pentagon will not affect the volume of support of Ukraine - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3694148-vitik-sekretnih-fajliv-pentagonu-ne-vpline-na-obsagi-pidtrimki-ukraini-derzdep.html
In the capital turned off the heating for 95% of residential high -rise buildings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3694150-u-stolici-vimknuli-opalenna-dla-95-zitlovih-bagatopoverhivok.html
Buckingham Palace released new details of the coronation of Charles III
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694153-bukingemskij-palac-opriludniv-novi-detali-koronacii-carlza-iii.html
The youth team of Ukraine with hockey beat Hungary in a control match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694154-unacka-zbirna-ukraini-z-hokeu-obigrala-ugorsinu-v-kontrolnomu-matci.html
British businessman Richard Branson became a new ambassador United24 - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3694155-britanskij-biznesmen-ricard-brenson-stav-novim-ambasadorom-united24-zelenskij.html
The term "losing" should become a satellite of the term "aggressor" - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694159-termin-progras-mae-stati-suputnikom-terminu-agresor-prezident.html
Russians attacked a civil boat in Kherson region - two wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694158-rosiani-atakuvali-civilnij-coven-na-hersonsini-dvoe-poranenih.html
Mohammed Ali's grandson will fight May 20
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3694162-onuk-mohammeda-ali-provede-bij-20-travna.html
Humeniuk: The invaders are gradually aware that where Ukraine, they will not be rest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694164-gumenuk-zagarbniki-postupovo-usvidomluut-so-vsudi-de-ukraina-im-ne-bude-spokou.html
Podolyak criticized Twitter policy on illumination of war with the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3694166-podolak-rozkritikuvav-politiku-twitter-sodo-visvitlenna-vijni-z-rf.html
Zelensky about the exchange of prisoners: Hundred families before Easter got true joy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694165-zelenskij-pro-obmin-polonenimi-sotna-rodin-pered-pashou-otrimala-spravznu-radist.html
Arsen Mirzoyan became the ambassador of the steel border's assault brigade
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3694031-arsen-mirzoan-stav-ambasadorom-sturmovoi-brigadi-stalevij-kordon.html
Lubinets explained how to get a military holding certificate in captivity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693781-lubinec-poasniv-ak-otrimati-dovidku-pro-perebuvanna-vijskovogo-u-poloni.html
We are preparing to integrate into the peaceful life of our defenders and defenders - Yulia Laputina
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/my-gotuyemosya-do-integracziyi-v-myrne-zhyttya-nashyh-zahysnykiv-i-zahysnycz-yuliya-laputina/
"We are homeless here, we are puppies thrown" - intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/my-bomzhi-tut-my-czuczenyata-kynuti-perehoplennya-gur/
The Center for Combating Misinformation Develops new Russian fakes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/czentr-protydiyi-dezinformacziyi-rozvinchuye-rosijski-fejkovi-video/
For Ukrainians, free travel by train from Poland to Germany
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/dlya-ukrayincziv-prodovzheno-bezoplatnyj-proyizd-potyagom-z-polshhi-do-nimechchyny/
If we do not resolve the issue of "Russia", all other issues will be extremely difficult for us - Alexei Danilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/yakshho-my-ne-vyrishuyemo-pytannya-rosiyi-vsi-inshi-pytannya-budut-dlya-nas-vkraj-vazhkymy-oleksij-danilov/
The European Union discusses with the G7 countries a special tribunal about Russia's aggression - the European Commissar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/yevrosoyuz-obgovoryuye-z-krayinamy-g7-specztrybunal-shhodo-zlochynu-agresiyi-rosiyi-yevrokomisar/
Russians use artillery to compensate for a decrease in offensive potential - an institute of war study
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/rosiyany-vykorystovuyut-artyleriyu-shhob-kompensuvaty-znyzhennya-nastupalnogo-potenczialu-instytut-vyvchennya-vijny/
Our aviation during the day struck six blows on the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/nasha-aviacziya-protyagom-doby-zavdala-shist-udariv-po-vorogu-2/
The Russians again fired at peaceful cities in Donetsk region, Kharkiv, Zaporozhye - are dead and injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/rosiyany-znovu-obstrilyaly-myrni-mista-na-donechchyni-harkivshhyni-zaporizhzhi-ye-zagybli-ta-poraneni/
Defense forces in a day repelled 58 attacks of Russian troops, 30 of them - in the Bakhmut area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/syly-oborony-za-mynulu-dobu-vidbyly-58-atak-rosijskyh-vijsk-30-iz-nyh-v-rajoni-bahmuta/
In Zaporozhye, the occupiers continue forced certification of the population and take fingerprints
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/na-zaporizhzhi-okupanty-prodovzhuyut-prymusovu-pasportyzacziyu-naselennya-ta-berut-vidbytky-palcziv/
A fake bot that masked under the official source of the SZRU appeared on the network
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/v-merezhi-zyavyvsya-fejkovyj-bot-shho-maskuyetsya-pid-oficzijne-dzherelo-szru/
In the border areas of Belgorod and Kursk regions, Russians retain military presence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/u-prykordonnyh-rajonah-byelgorodskoyi-ta-kurskoyi-oblastej-rosiyany-zberigayut-vijskovu-prysutnist/
In Kherson and Zaporozhye, the Russians fired at more than 45 settlements
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/na-hersonshhyni-ta-zaporizhzhi-rosiyany-obstrilyaly-ponad-45-naselenyh-punktiv/
Defense forces eliminated nearly 700 invaders, destroyed 10 artisystems and 11 UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/syly-oborony-likviduvaly-majzhe-700-okupantiv-znyshhyly-10-artsystem-ta-11-bpla/
Garmashi shot M777 destroyed the hostile RLS "Brick"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/garmashi-postrilom-m777-znyshhyly-vorozhu-rls-repyashok/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Latvia brings a fence on the border with Belarus
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/latviya-zvodyt-parkan-na-kordoni-z-bilorussyu/
In Bakhmut battles, the enemy went to the "Syrian" tactics of burned land - Alexander Syrsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/boyi-za-bahmut-vorog-perejshov-do-tak-zvanoyi-syrijskoyi-taktyky-vypalenoyi-zemli-oleksandr-syrskyj/
The UK Ministry of Defense showed how the military of the Armed Forces studied on Challenger 2 tanks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/u-minoborony-velykoyi-brytaniyi-pokazaly-yak-vijskovi-zsu-navchalysya-na-tankah-challenger-2/
In Ukraine, they create an international coalition to return Ukrainian orphans
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/v-ukrayini-stvoryuyut-mizhnarodnu-koalicziyu-dlya-povernennya-ukrayinskyh-ditej-syrit/
Got from the world: military surgeons saved a warrior with a gunshot fragile injury of the heart
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/distaly-z-togo-svitu-vijskovi-hirurgy-vryatuvaly-vijskovogo-z-vognepalnym-ulamkovym-poranennyam-serczya/
More than 400 explosive items were neutralized by pyrotechnics per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/ponad-400-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-zneshkodzheno-pirotehnikamy-za-dobu/
The enemy informant was detained who collected intelligence on the defense of the South Ukrainian NPP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/zatrymano-vorozhogo-informatora-yakyj-zbyrav-rozviddani-pro-oboronu-pivdennoukrayinskoyi-aes/
Last day Russian troops fired the territory of 8 regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/mynuloyi-doby-rosijski-vijska-obstrilyaly-terytoriyu-8-oblastej-ukrayiny-2/
Almost 80 thousand military crimes of the Russian Federation documented the Office of Prosecutor General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/majzhe-80-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv-rf-zadokumentuvav-ofis-genprokurora/
There are 4 enemy ships in the Black Sea on combat duty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/u-chornomu-mori-na-bojovomu-cherguvanni-perebuvaye-4-vorozhi-korabli/
For the families of missing, payments are stored: how to receive
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/dlya-rodyn-znyklyh-bezvisty-zberigayetsya-vyplata-groshovogo-zabezpechennya-yak-otrymuvaty/
The World Congress of Ukrainians has purchased 15 excavators for the Armed Forces terroboron
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/svitovyj-kongres-ukrayincziv-prydbav-15-ekskavatoriv-dlya-teroborony-zsu/
Germany provided Ukraine with a new military assistance package
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/nimechchyna-nadala-ukrayini-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy/
President of Ukraine on the 13th anniversary of the Smolensk catastrophe: let's unite in sorrow with the Polish people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/prezydent-ukrayiny-u-13-tu-richnyczyu-smolenskoyi-katastrofy-yednajmosya-v-skorboti-z-polskym-narodom/
Collaborators who helped the Russian Federation deport more than a thousand Ukrainian children reported suspicion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/kolaborantczi-yaka-dopomogla-rf-deportuvaty-ponad-tysyachu-ukrayinskyh-ditej-povidomleno-pro-pidozru/
The terrorist state does not overcome the unity of all who value freedom-Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/derzhava-teroryst-ne-zdolaye-yednosti-vsih-hto-czinuye-svobodu-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
According to the DBR materials, the head of the pre -trial detention center in the captured by the occupiers of Mariupol will be judged
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/za-materialamy-dbr-sudytymut-ochilnyka-sizo-v-zahoplenomu-okupantamy-mariupoli/
We were able to return from captivity more than one defender who was considered dead - the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/nam-vdavalosya-povernuty-z-polonu-ne-odnogo-oboronczya-yakogo-vvazhaly-zagyblym-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
Armed Forces Logistics Command Instructors taught children the basics of mine safety
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/instruktory-komanduvannya-syl-logistyky-zsu-navchaly-osnovam-minnoyi-bezpeky-ditej-z-bahmuta-lymana-nikopolya-ta-borodyanky/
Special prosecutors in Lviv have returned to the Ministry of Defense of the premises worth almost UAH 222,000,000
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/speczprokurory-u-lvovi-povernuly-u-vlasnist-minoborony-prymishhennya-vartistyu-majzhe-222-000-000-gryven/
F-16 aircraft is the most likely candidate for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/litak-f-16-najimovirnishyj-kandydat-dlya-ukrayiny/
Ukrainian servicemen will return from training from abroad not with empty hands
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/ukrayinski-vijskovosluzhbovczi-povernutsya-z-navchannya-iz-za-kordonu-ne-z-porozhnimy-rukamy/
Terroborons military forces knocked down the Russian helicopter Mi-24
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/vijskovi-syl-teroborony-zbyly-rosijskyj-gelikopter-mi-24/
How to get a military holding certificate in captivity
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/yak-otrymaty-dovidku-pro-perebuvannya-vijskovogo-u-poloni-2/
UAH 5.5 billion is provided for providing housing in Ukraine in 2023
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/na-zabezpechennya-zhytlom-zahysnykiv-ukrayiny-u-2023-roczi-peredbacheno-55-mlrd-grn/
Talking that time plays on the enemy's side, nothing is worth - the Secretary of the NSDC
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/rozmovy-shho-chas-graye-na-boczi-voroga-nichogo-ne-varti-sekretar-rnbo/
The resident of Cherkasy region was awarded 15 years in prisons for the State Council. Became known to pass on the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/zhytelyu-cherkashhyny-prysudyly-15-rokiv-tyurmy-za-derzhzradu-stalo-vidomo-shho-peredavav-okupantam/
The Russian Army from the Spring Artillery fired at Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/armiya-rf-zi-stvolnoyi-artyleriyi-obstrilyala-chernigivshhynu/
For the murder and imitation of the execution of civilians of the Kyiv region will be tried
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/za-vbyvstvo-ta-imitacziyu-straty-myrnyh-meshkancziv-kyyivshhyny-sudytymut-okupanta-yefrejtora/
The occupiers fired Kharkiv region: the houses were damaged, the person was injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/okupanty-obstrilyaly-harkivshhynu-poshkodzheno-budynky-poraneno-lyudynu/
From captivity it was possible to return another hundred Ukrainian servicemen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/z-polonu-vdalosya-povernuty-shhe-sotnyu-ukrayinskyh-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
A law enforcement officer who in Energodar organizes the transportation of the Russian military, received suspicion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/pravoohoronecz-yakyj-v-energodari-organizovuye-perevezennya-rosijskyh-vijskovyh-otrymav-pidozru/
Near Marinka Sagittarius-Student knocked down Russian Su-25
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/poblyzu-maryinky-strilecz-zenitnyk-zbyv-rosijskyj-su-25/
The enemy is targeted even by civilian cars trying to leave Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/vorog-czilytsya-navit-po-czyvilnyh-avtivkah-kotri-namagayutsya-vyyihaty-z-bahmuta/
In the Tavriysk direction the enemy lost almost three company personnel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-vorog-vtratyv-majzhe-try-roty-osobovogo-skladu/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 8 beats in the areas of concentration of personnel and military equipment of the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-8-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-osobovogo-skladu-ta-vijskovoyi-tehniky-okupantiv/
Only officially authorized persons can speak about war and plans of the Defense Ministry
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/pro-vijnu-ta-plany-minoborony-mozhut-govoryty-lyshe-oficzijno-upovnovazheni-osoby/
Rashists made rocket strikes on Kramatorsk - the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/rashysty-zdijsnyly-raketni-udary-po-kramatorsku-gsh-zsu/
There are no problems with the summer clothing of Ukrainian defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/problem-shhodo-zabezpechennya-litnoyu-formoyu-odyagu-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv-nemaye/
The aggressor during the day led unsuccessful offensive actions in Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/agresor-protyagom-doby-viv-bezuspishni-nastupalni-diyi-na-bahmutskomu-avdiyivskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah/
The Ukrainian counter -offensive sowed a great stir in the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/ukrayinskyj-kontrnastup-posiyav-velykyj-perepoloh-u-zbrojnyh-sylah-rf/
Ukraine was visited
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/ukrayinu-vidvidav-vykonuvach-obovyazkiv-ministra-oborony-korolivstva-daniyi-troels-lund-poulsen/
Harpoon rockets, which stand for the country's coast, were obtained through the leadership and initiative of the Kingdom of Denmark - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/rakety-harpoon-yaki-stoyat-na-zahysti-uzberezhzhya-krayiny-otrymano-zavdyaky-liderstvu-ta-inicziatyvi-korolivstva-daniyi-oleksij-reznikov/
On the territory of the Republic of Belarus the signs of formation of enemy offensive groups were not detected
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/na-terytoriyi-respubliky-bilorus-oznak-formuvannya-vorozhyh-nastupalnyh-ugrupovan-ne-vyyavleno/
Today we are already using the demining equipment provided to us by the Kingdom of Denmark - the Minister of Defense of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/sogodni-my-vzhe-vykorystovuyemo-obladnannya-dlya-rozminuvannya-yake-nadalo-nam-korolivstvo-daniya-ministr-oborony-ukrayiny/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Richard Branson, who became a new ambassador United24
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/volodymyr-zelenskyj-zustrivsya-z-richardom-brensonom-yakyj-stav-novym-ambasadorom-united24/
Alexei Reznikov presented the battle flag to the military unit of the Navy of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/oleksij-reznikov-vruchyv-bojovyj-prapor-vijskovij-chastyni-vms-ukrayiny/
How to recover after the traumatic events. Ministry of Veterans issued a directory of "Invisible consequences of war"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/yak-vidnovytys-pislya-perezhytyh-travmuyuchyh-podij-minveteraniv-vydalo-dovidnyk-nevydymi-naslidky-vijny/
Denmark's Defense Ministers and the Kingdom of Denmark have got acquainted with the peculiarities of military sailors service
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/ministry-oborony-ukrayiny-i-korolivstva-daniya-oznajomylys-z-osoblyvostyamy-sluzhby-vijskovyh-moryakiv/
The term "losing" should become a satellite of the term "aggressor", and only the Ukrainian victory will provide it - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/termin-progrash-maye-staty-suputnykom-terminu-agresor-i-lyshe-ukrayinska-peremoga-cze-zabezpechyt-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Misinformation dide for April 10
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/dezinformaczijnyj-dajdzhest-za-10-kvitnya/
Short. War. Day 412. Videoodigest …
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/10/korotko-vijna-den-412-videodajdzhest/
More than 60 collaborators from Luhansk region were transferred to court
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694174-do-sudu-peredali-spravi-se-ponad-60-kolaborantiv-z-lugansini.html
French legislators plan to visit Taiwan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694086-francuzki-zakonodavci-planuut-vidvidati-tajvan.html
A four -sided meeting on Syria can take place in early May - Turkey Foreign
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694172-cotiristoronna-zustric-sodo-sirii-moze-vidbutisa-na-pocatku-travna-mzs-tureccini.html
A four -sided meeting on Syria can take place in early May - Turkey Foreign
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694172-cotiristoronna-zustric-sodo-sirii-moze-vidbutisa-na-pocatku-travna-mzs-tureccini.html
French legislators plan to visit Taiwan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3694086-francuzki-zakonodavci-planuut-vidvidati-tajvan.html
More than 60 collaborators from Luhansk region were transferred to court
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3694174-do-sudu-peredali-spravi-se-ponad-60-kolaborantiv-z-lugansini.html
Ukraine plans to attract a minimum of 5 thousand sappers to mine Ukrainian territories - Alexey Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/ukrayina-planuye-zaluchyty-minimum-5-tysyach-saperiv-dlya-rozminuvannya-ukrayinskyh-terytorij-oleksij-reznikov/
Exposed fraudsters who lucky money from those who want to leave Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/11/vykryto-shahrayiv-yaki-vymanyuvaly-groshi-v-ohochyh-vyyihaty-iz-bahmuta/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====