乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-14

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

Odeska Oblast(01:48). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilneodesa/23180
Lviv, Lviv region, Chernivtsi region, Ternopil, Ternopil region, Volyn region, Zak ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45221
Chernihivska Oblast(21:10). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18541
Poltavska Oblast(01:46). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/11133
Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Mykolaiv, Mykolaiv region, Donetsk region, Zaporizhzhya region, ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45260
Kherson, Kherson region, Sumsk region (01: hi). Red Alert: Aerial Threat. Sirens Sounding. ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45263
Kyiv(02:04). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/KyivCityOfficial/6686
Chernihivska Oblast(02:06). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18559
Zhytomyr, Zhytomyr region, Kiev region, Kirovohrad region, Vinnitsa region, Cherkasy ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45270
Khmelnytska Oblast(02:37). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45271
Volyn region, Ternopil, Ternopil region, Rivne, Rivne region, Chernivtsi region (0 ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45275
Lviv, Lviv region, Transcarpathia region, Ivano-Frankivsk, Ivano-Frankivsk region (02:42). Re...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45278
Donetsk Oblast(05:33). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45304
Short. War. Day 443. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/13/korotko-vijna-den-443-videodajdzhest/
A memorial plaque of Denis Antipov was opened at Askold's Tomb in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/13/na-askoldovij-mogyli-u-kyyevi-vidkryly-memorialnu-doshku-denysu-antipovu/
The next collaborators who served the invaders - DBR were exposed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/13/vykryto-chergovyh-kolaborantiv-yaki-prysluzhuvaly-zagarbnykam-dbr/
The Government supported the ruling on priority steps after the de -occupation of Donetsk and Luhansk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/13/uryad-pidtrymav-postanovu-minreintegracziyi-shhodo-pershochergovyh-krokiv-zi-stabilizacziyi-ta-reintegracziyi-doneczkoyi-ta-luganskoyi-oblastej/
The Government supported the ruling on priority steps after the de -occupation of Donetsk and Luhansk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/13/uryad-pidtrymav-postanovu-minreintegracziyi-shhodo-pershochergovyh-krokiv-zi-stabilizacziyi-ta-reintegracziyi-doneczkoyi-ta-luganskoyi-oblastej/
SBU special forces drone "demobilized" occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/13/speczpryznachenczi-sbu-dronom-demobilizuvaly-okupantiv/
SBU special forces drone "demobilized" occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/13/speczpryznachenczi-sbu-dronom-demobilizuvaly-okupantiv/
The Ministry of Social Policy has intensified the support of experts who assist the families of fallen servicemen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/13/minsoczpolityky-posylyuye-pidtrymku-speczialistiv-yaki-nadayut-soczialni-poslugy-simyam-zagyblyh-zahysnykiv-i-zahysnycz-ukrayiny/
The investigation into the "Deputy Prosecutor General" of the occupiers in Luhansk region is completed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/13/zaversheno-rozsliduvannya-shhodo-tak-zvanogo-zastupnyka-genprokurora-okupantiv-na-luganshhyni-dbr/
Our defenders have knocked down 22 enemy UAVs during the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/13/nasha-aviacziya-protyagom-doby-zavdala-12-udariv-po-vorogu/
Divisions of missile troops and artillery struck 7 enemy artillery units
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/13/pidrozdily-raketnyh-vijsk-i-artyleriyi-urazyly-7-artylerijskyh-pidrozdiliv-voroga/
Over the past day, the enemy has struck 7 rocket launchers and 49 aviation blows
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/13/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-vorog-zavdav-7-raketnyh-ta-49-aviaczijnyh-udariv/
“They either negotiate or, indeed, nuclear weapons” - GUR CLOS
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/13/vony-abo-peregovoramy-budut-zakinchuvaty-abo-dijsno-yadernoyu-zbroyeyu-gur-perehoplennya/
Enemy loss per day: Almost 600 invaders were eliminated, 27 artisystems and 29 UAVs were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/13/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-majzhe-600-okupantiv-znyshheno-27-artsystem-i-29-bpla/
NATO Dacian Spring 2023 has been completed in Romania
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/13/u-rumuniyi-zavershylys-navchannya-nato-dacian-spring-2023/
Two Russian drones were destroyed in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/13/na-hersonshhyni-znyshheno-dva-bezpilotnyky-rf/
Estonians know how difficult it is to return what they took away during the occupation - Hanno
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/13/ukrayinczi-znayut-czinu-okupacziyi-tomu-roblyat-vse-shhob-yiyi-ne-pryjnyaty-hanno-pevkur/
Zelensky meets Macron in the Elisha Palace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709222-zelenskij-zustrivsa-z-makronom-u-elisejskomu-palaci.html
Nayev congratulated a large -scale officer on Mother's Day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709084-naev-privitav-bagatoditnu-oficerku-z-dnem-materi.html
The enemy for a day eight times fired at Sumy region border, totaling 109 "arrivals"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709220-vorog-za-den-visim-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-zagalom-109-prilotiv.html
Figenord was ahead of time the Netherlands champion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709217-feenord-dostrokovo-stav-cempionom-niderlandiv.html
Azerbaijan and Armenian leaders agreed to restore borders negotiations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709218-lideri-azerbajdzanu-j-virmenii-pogodilisa-vidnoviti-peregovori-pro-kordoni.html
Kostyuk completed the struggle in the steam discharge of the WTA tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709216-kostuk-zaversila-borotbu-v-parnomu-rozradi-turniru-wta-v-rimi.html
In Germany, Zelensky visited a military base in Aachen, where Ukrainian fighters train
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709211-zelenskij-vidvidav-vijskovu-bazu-v-nimeckomu-aaheni-de-trenuut-ukrainskih-bijciv.html
The President of Ukraine flew to France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709210-prezident-ukraini-priletiv-do-francii.html
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Klusy, Yeline, Zarichchya...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4778
Through the shelling of the Podilsky region, four trains are delayed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709206-vnaslidok-obstriliv-podilskogo-regionu-zatrimuutsa-cotiri-poizdi.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka of Luhansk region and Bilohorivka, Verkhnok...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4780
Zelensky - About Meeting with Macron: Let's discuss the most important points of bilateral relations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709205-zelenskij-pro-zustric-z-makronom-obgovorimo-najvazlivisi-punkti-dvostoronnih-vidnosin.html
Nadiya Kichenok was unable to break into the paired quarterfinals of the tournament WTA in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709202-nadia-kicenok-ne-zmogla-probitisa-v-parnij-cvertfinal-turniru-wta-u-rimi.html
In Zaporozhye in the hospital died a man who was injured by a hostile shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709203-u-zaporizzi-v-likarni-pomer-colovik-akij-postrazdav-vid-vorozogo-obstrilu.html
Trains through Vinnitsa, Khmelnitsky and Ternopil are still running into a detour
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709208-potagi-cerez-vinnicu-hmelnickij-ta-ternopil-poki-kursuvatimut-v-obizd.html
The French President's office confirmed the visit of Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709198-v-ofisi-prezidenta-francii-pidtverdili-vizit-zelenskogo.html
Podolyak predicts catastrophic events for the Russian army
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709194-podolak-prognozue-katastroficni-podii-dla-rosijskoi-armii.html
Moravetsky: Europe will be fully combined with Ukraine as a full member of the EU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709190-moraveckij-evropa-bude-povnistu-obednana-lise-z-ukrainou-ak-povnopravnim-clenom-es.html
APL: Arsenal was defeated by Brighton
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709189-apl-arsenal-rozgromno-postupivsa-brajtonu.html
Poltavska Oblast(07:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/11135
After opening the half of the electoral chests in the presidential race, Erdogan is leading
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709188-pisla-vidkritta-polovini-viborcih-skrin-u-prezidentskih-peregonah-lidirue-erdogan.html
На Херсонщині ППО знищила три російські безпілотники
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709187-na-hersonsini-ppo-znisila-tri-rosijski-bezpilotniki.html
In the State Duma of the Russian Federation confirmed Lukashenko's health problems
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709184-u-derzdumi-rf-pidtverdili-problemi-zi-zdorovam-lukasenka.html
Zelensky urged Europe to be decisive in helping Ukraine weapons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709181-zelenskij-zaklikav-evropu-buti-risucimi-u-dopomozi-ukraini-zbroeu.html
Russia geopolitically has lost war - Macron
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709179-rosia-geopoliticno-vze-prograla-vijnu-makron.html
In Turkey, the results of the presidential race began
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709178-u-tureccini-pocali-opriludnuvati-rezultati-prezidentskih-peregoniv.html
The President told about the preparation of Ukraine for a counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709177-prezident-rozpoviv-pro-pidgotovku-ukraini-do-kontrnastupu.html
Mother's love is the source of all good and pure - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709175-materinska-lubov-e-dzerelom-usogo-dobrogo-i-cistogo-zelenskij.html
Zavatskaya won the Russian in the qualification of ITF tournament in Madrid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709174-zavacka-peremogla-rosianku-u-kvalifikacii-turniru-itf-u-madridi.html
"Polesie" for the first time in history came out in UPL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709173-polissa-vperse-v-istorii-vijslo-v-upl.html
There is no rational reason why our warriors are still not in NATO - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709172-nemae-zodnoi-racionalnoi-pricini-comu-nasi-voini-dosi-ne-v-nato-zelenskij.html
Donetsk Oblast(07:33). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45307
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(07:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/15408
Sumy region, Zaporizhzhya region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region (07:48). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate ....
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45312
Transport infrastructure damaged in Kharkiv as result of missile strikes with S-300 overnight
https://t.me/synegubov/6199
Ukrainian air defense shot down 25 drones and 3 cruise missiles
https://t.me/kpszsu/2515
Damage to private residences as result of missile strike in Ternopil this morning
https://t.me/operativnoZSU/96230
Damage in Kurakhove as result of shelling
https://t.me/itsdonetsk/74228
President Zelensky has arrived in Berlin
https://t.me/censor_net/29306
Russian aviation have dropped 4 guided bombs over Kizomys and Stanislav overnight
https://t.me/suspilnekherson/26164
Donetsk Oblast(09:22). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45319
Damage at industrial enterprise in Ternopil as result of missile strike last night
https://t.me/bochkala_war/13161
Explosions Were Reported In Minocil Chance
https://t.me/info_zp/35565
Russian army conducted 4 missile strikes, 79 airstrikes and over 99 shelling with MLRS, launch...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4777
Russian army conducted missile strike with S-300 at Zolochiv overnight
https://twitter.com/XAPKIB/status/1657653988358012928
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4786
Russian positions were hit in Tokmak
https://t.me/novosti_donbass24/47102
Explosions were reported in Kramatorsk
https://t.me/novosti_donbass24/47103
President of Ukraine Zelensky: Thank you to Germany for the largest package of military aid s...
https://t.me/espresotb/62548
Zaporizka Oblast(12:59). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12835
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Kirovohrad region (12:59). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45325
Donetsk Oblast(13:03). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45326
Russian defense ministry confirms death of colonel Makarov and colonel Brovko in Ukraine
https://t.me/bbbreaking/155337
Poltavska Oblast(13:15). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/11139
Sumy region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region (13:16). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding. ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45329
Donetsk Oblast(14:13). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45337
2 person wounded as result of Russian shelling in Marhanets
https://t.me/dneproperatyv/62696
Donetsk Oblast(15:23). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45339
2 person killed as result of shelling in Starytsya village of Kharkiv region
https://t.me/synegubov/6201
Drones, "Calibers" from the Black Sea, rockets from aircraft - air forces told about the night attack of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708931-droni-kalibri-z-cornogo-mora-raketi-z-litakiv-povitrani-sili-rozpovili-pro-nicnu-ataku-rf.html
NHL: "Seattle" leveled in the series with "Dallas" in the 1/4 finals of the Stanley Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3708933-nhl-sietl-zrivnav-rahunok-u-serii-z-dallasom-v-14-finalu-kubka-stenli.html
The invaders fired at two communities at night in Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708938-zagarbniki-vnoci-obstrilali-dvi-gromadi-na-sumsini.html
Mother's Day is celebrated in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3708939-v-ukraini-vidznacaetsa-den-materi.html
Russia has killed 481 child in Ukraine already
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708942-rosia-vbila-v-ukraini-vze-481-ditinu.html
The army of the Russian Federation per day attacked 10 regions of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708944-armia-rf-za-dobu-atakuvala-10-oblastej-ukraini.html
Germany announced a new package of military aid to support Ukraine in the amount of about €2....
https://twitter.com/Flash_news_ua/status/1657752123096875010
First League: Obolon will play in Ternopil, "Polesie" takes "flint"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3708949-persa-liga-obolon-zigrae-u-ternopoli-polissa-prijmae-kremin.html
In the Black Sea - four Russian rocket launchers with 25 "caliber"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708952-u-cornomu-mori-cotiri-rosijski-raketonosii-z-25-kalibrami.html
Zelensky started a visit to Germany meeting with Steinmeyer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3708951-zelenskij-rozpocav-vizit-u-nimeccinu-zustriccu-zi-stajnmaerom.html
Ukrzaliznytsia completed the repair of damaged shelling of the Russian Federation of the track in Khmelnytskyi
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708964-ukrzaliznica-zaversila-remont-poskodzenoi-obstrilom-rf-kolii-na-hmelniccini.html
The President of Ukraine arrived at a meeting with German Chancellor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3708967-zelenskij-pribuv-na-zustric-iz-kanclerom-frn.html
The Seven Group and the EU want to ban the renewal of gas supplies from Russia to Europe - FT
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3708962-grupa-semi-ta-es-hocut-zaboroniti-vidnovlenna-postavok-gazu-z-rosii-v-evropu-ft.html
"Inter" and "Milan" in the Champions League will judge the French
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3708969-inter-ta-milan-u-lizi-cempioniv-rozsudat-francuzi.html
In the Bryansk region, Russian air defense - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708972-do-aviakatastrof-u-branskij-oblasti-pricetna-rosijska-ppo-ignat.html
SpaceX launched 56 new Starlink satellites
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3708974-spacex-zapustila-na-orbitu-56-novih-suputnikiv-starlink.html
In Bangladesh and Myanmar because more than 400,000 people were evacuated through a powerful cyclone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3708976-u-banglades-ta-manmi-cerez-potuznij-ciklon-evakuuvali-ponad-400-tisac-ludej.html
Fifths of people were killed in the Kherson region, blowing up on an explosive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708983-u-hersonskij-oblasti-zaginuli-patero-ludej-pidirvavsis-na-vibuhivci.html
British intelligence has doubts about the ability of Russian troops to create a capable mobile reserve
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708986-britanska-rozvidka-sumnivaetsa-u-zdatnosti-vijsk-rf-stvoriti-diezdatnij-mobilnij-rezerv.html
Russia has reduced the number of rocket carriers in the Black Sea to three, total volley - 18 "calibers"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708994-rosia-zmensila-kilkist-raketonosiiv-u-cornomu-mori-do-troh-zagalnij-zalp-18-kalibriv.html
Zelensky discussed with Steinmeyer intensive cooperation between countries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3708995-zelenskij-obgovoriv-zi-stajnmaerom-intensivnu-spivpracu-miz-krainami.html
The liberated villages of Luhansk region delivered medicines, food and hygiene products - ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709002-do-zvilnenih-sil-lugansini-dostavili-liki-izu-ta-zasobi-gigieni-ova.html
Eurovision-2023: Sweden in the first place, Ukraine-in the sixth
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3708998-evrobacenna2023-svecia-na-persomu-misci-ukraina-na-sostomu.html
In Kiev, the water level in the Dnieper per day decreased by 9 centimeters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3709003-u-kievi-riven-vodi-u-dnipri-za-dobu-zmensivsa-na-9-santimetriv.html
In Sudan as a result of armed clashes, a famous singer was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709007-u-sudani-vnaslidok-zbrojnih-suticok-zaginula-vidoma-spivacka.html
90% of businesses do not work on the occupied part of Zaporozhye - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3709009-na-okupovanij-castini-zaporizza-90-pidpriemstv-ne-pracuut-fedorov.html
Donetsk Oblast(19:03). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45343
Martha Kostyuk will play two matches in a row at WTA tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709015-marta-kostuk-zigrae-dva-matci-pospil-na-turniri-wta-u-rimi.html
Sholtz announced the allocation of a new military assistance package to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709018-solc-ogolosiv-pro-vidilenna-ukraini-novogo-paketa-vijskovoi-dopomogi.html
Zelensky about the required amount of weapons for a counter -offensive: “A few more visits, and all”
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709017-zelenskij-pro-neobhidnu-kilkist-zbroi-dla-kontrnastupu-se-kilka-vizitiv-i-vse.html
Yermak discussed with the US Presidential Advisor to the Front
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709020-ermak-obgovoriv-z-radnikom-prezidenta-ssa-situaciu-na-fronti.html
Terrorists fired farmers in Burkina Faso - 33 dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709031-teroristi-obstrilali-fermeriv-u-burkinafaso-33-zagiblih.html
Energy returned the light in two settlements of Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3709028-energetiki-vidnovili-elektropostacanna-se-u-dvoh-naselenih-punktah-hersonsini.html
Already this year it is possible to inflict irreversible defeat - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709026-uze-cogoric-mozna-zavdati-rosii-nezvorotnoi-porazki-zelenskij.html
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(19:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45345
Britain at the G7 Summit will call for strengthening of Ukraine's support
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709035-britania-na-samiti-g7-zaklikatime-do-posilenna-pidtrimki-ukraini.html
Violent explosions reported in Kramatorsk district
https://t.me/Donbas_Operativniy/39094
Ukrainian judoist Tsurkan won the Lithuanian stage of European Cup among juniors
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709033-ukrainskij-dzudoist-curkan-vigrav-litovskij-etap-kubka-evropi-sered-unioriv.html
Sumy region, Zaporizhzhya region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Poltava region (19:53). Red ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45349
In Northern Macedonia, the memory of Ukrainian priest Alexei Morgul was honored
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3709030-u-pivnicnij-makedonii-vsanuvanna-pamat-ukrainskogo-svasennika-oleksia-morgula.html
Kirovohradska Oblast(19:54). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45350
Russia recognized the death of two of its colonels under Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709037-rosia-viznala-zagibel-dvoh-svoih-polkovnikiv-pid-bahmutom.html
Ukraine is counting on the support of the Aviation Coalition by Germany - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709039-ukraina-rozrahovue-na-pidtrimku-nimeccinou-aviacijnoi-koalicii-zelenskij.html
In Britain, Ukrainian military is working out fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709036-u-britanii-ukrainski-vijskovi-vidpracovuut-vedenna-vognu.html
Ukraine does not attack Russian territory - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709034-ukraina-ne-atakue-rosijsku-teritoriu-prezident.html
Russian troops are fired at the village near Zaporizhzhya, wounded woman
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709042-vijska-rf-atakuvali-selo-poblizu-zaporizza-poranena-zinka.html
In Kherson region, a man was killed through enemy shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709045-na-hersonsini-cerez-vorozij-obstril-zaginuv-colovik.html
Zelensky believes in the success of a counter -offensive: "We are almost ready for it"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709048-zelenskij-virit-v-uspih-kontrnastupu-mi-majze-gotovi-do-cogo.html
Navi overcome Ninjas in Pyjamas on Blast Paris Majoor 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709049-navi-zdolali-ninjas-in-pyjamas-na-blast-paris-major-2023.html
In the USA there was a leak of data 237 thousand civil servants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3709050-u-ssa-stavsa-vitik-danih-237-tisac-derzsluzbovciv.html
Any peace plan should be based on Ukraine's proposals-President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709051-budakij-plan-sodo-miru-mae-bazuvatisa-na-propoziciah-ukraini-prezident.html
Lukashenko did not appear at the celebrations for the Day of the Belief Flag
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709057-lukasenko-ne-zavivsa-na-urocistostah-do-dna-prapora-bilorusi.html
Poland will receive the first Himars on May 15 - Blaschak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709059-polsa-otrimae-persi-himars-15-travna-blasak.html
In Nikolaev, public utilities eliminate the consequences of Russian shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3709060-u-mikolaevi-komunalniki-likvidovuut-naslidki-rosijskih-obstriliv.html
UPL: Zorya defeated Metalist, Lviv Lyudic
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709063-upl-zora-rozgromila-metalist-lviv-postupivsa-vorskli.html
In Russian togliatti, the plant was burning
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709066-u-rosijskomu-tolatti-goriv-zavod.html
President of Ukraine Zelensky has arrived in Paris
https://t.me/V_Zelenskiy_official/6227
1 person killed as result of shelling in Primorske village of Zaporizhzhia region, 5 more wou...
https://t.me/suspilnenews/20737
Siyarto went to China to discuss a plan to settle the war in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709076-sijarto-virusiv-do-kitau-sob-obgovoriti-plan-ureguluvanna-vijni-v-ukraini.html
As a result of a hostile shelling of the manganese community, two people were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709078-unaslidok-vorozogo-obstrilu-marganeckoi-gromadi-poraneni-dvoe-ludej.html
From June 1 in Ukraine an electronic logging ticket will work in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3709081-iz-1-cervna-v-ukraini-zapracue-elektronnij-lisorubnij-kvitok.html
President of Ukraine Zelensky meet with Chancellor Scholz and visited Ukrainian troops training...
https://t.me/V_Zelenskiy_official/6228
Zaporizka Oblast(21:42). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45358
The strength and boundless love of mothers strengthen the spirit and bring the victory closer - Knyazevich
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709086-sila-i-bezmezna-lubov-materiv-zmicnuut-duh-i-nablizaut-peremogu-knazevic.html
Tsurenko gave way to the first "racket" of the world at WTA tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709088-curenko-postupilasa-persij-raketci-svitu-na-turniri-wta-u-rimi.html
Methods of the Nazi regime identical to the atrocities of Russian invaders - Foreign Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709089-metodi-nacistskogo-rezimu-totozni-zvirstvam-rosijskih-zagarbnikiv-mzs.html
Heather beat Metalist 1925 in the match of the Football Premier League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709091-veres-obigrav-metalist-1925-u-matci-futbolnoi-premerligi.html
Zaluzhny thanked the mothers of defenders of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709094-zaluznij-podakuvav-materam-zahisnikiv-ukraini.html
Fire after shelling in Schebekine district
https://t.me/belgorod_informant/4144
In Thailand there are parliamentary elections
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709097-u-tailandi-prohodat-parlamentski-vibori.html
The invaders fired the village in Zaporizhzhia region, there are wounded - Yermak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709099-rosiani-obstrilali-selo-u-zaporizkij-oblasti-e-poraneni-ermak.html
In the cafe of the occupied Melitopol the girl threw Russian tricolor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709108-u-kafe-okupovanogo-melitopola-divcina-zirvala-rosijskij-trikolor.html
Russians fired a village in Kharkiv region - two dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709103-rosiani-obstrilali-selo-na-harkivsini-dvoe-zagiblih.html
Candidate from the opposition party "Shor" Eugenia Hutsul won the election of the head of the...
https://t.me/tass_agency/191915
Kalinina will play with the US Open finalist at WTA tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709111-kalinina-zigrae-z-finalistkou-us-open-na-turniri-wta-v-rimi.html
Chernomorsk port is prepared for transfer to concession
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3709112-port-cornomorsk-gotuut-do-peredaci-u-koncesiu.html
Ukraine has prepared the first list of projects to recover by almost ₴ 18 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3709118-v-ukraini-pidgotuvali-persij-perelik-proektiv-dla-vidnovlenna-na-majze-18-milardiv.html
Zelensky met with members of the German Security Cabinet
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709120-zelenskij-zustrivsa-z-clenami-kabinetu-z-pitan-bezpeki-frn.html
The project of a documentary cycle on Ukraine's military intelligence participates in the MKIP competition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3709119-proekt-dokumentalnogo-ciklu-pro-voennu-rozvidku-ukraini-bere-ucast-u-konkursi-mkip.html
UPL: "Kryvbas" through a penalty torn the victory over "movement"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709121-upl-krivbas-zavdaki-penalti-virvav-peremogu-nad-ruhom.html
Ukraine support and pressure on Russia: Kiev and Berlin have signed a joint declaration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709124-pidtrimka-ukraini-i-tisk-na-rosiu-kiiv-i-berlin-pidpisali-spilnu-deklaraciu.html
Netanyaga stated that Israel had destroyed the whole top of Islamic Jihad in Gas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709125-netanagu-zaaviv-so-izrail-znisiv-u-gazi-vsu-verhivku-islamskogo-dzihadu.html
Ukrainian "Mavka" will be shown in Austria cinemas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3709133-ukrainsku-mavku-pokazut-u-kinoteatrah-avstrii.html
In the Bakhmut direction, the Ukrainian military continue to move forward - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709135-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-ukrainski-vijskovi-prodovzuut-ruhatis-vpered-malar.html
The Russian Federation has transferred to the border with Norway and Finland 16 strategic bombers - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709137-rf-perekinula-na-kordon-iz-norvegieu-ta-finlandieu-16-strategicnih-bombarduvalnikiv-zmi.html
The Russian Federation has transferred to the border with Norway and Finland 16 strategic bombers - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709137-rf-perekinula-na-kordon-iz-norvegieu-ta-finlandieu-16-strategicnih-bombarduvalnikiv-zmi.html
In Luhansk region after the explosions, the Russians turn off mobile internet again
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709138-na-lugansini-pisla-vibuhiv-rosiani-znovu-vidklucaut-mobilnij-internet.html
In Luhansk region after the explosions, the Russians turn off mobile internet again
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709138-na-lugansini-pisla-vibuhiv-rosiani-znovu-vidklucaut-mobilnij-internet.html
Vuchich stated that the post of leader of the ruling Serbian progressive party
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709139-vucic-zaaviv-so-zalisit-post-lidera-pravlacoi-serbskoi-progresivnoi-partii.html
Kostyuk completed the performance in a single discharge tournament WTA in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709140-kostuk-zaversila-vistupi-na-turniri-wta-u-rimi.html
Bakhmut's' Ghosts destroyed a group of Russian military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709141-prividi-bahmuta-znisili-grupu-rosijskih-vijskovih.html
APL: "Man City" returned to sole leaders by beat by Everton Mykolenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709143-apl-man-siti-povernuvsa-v-odnoosibni-lideri-obigravsi-everton-mikolenka.html
Ukraine's female fencing on sabers - the winner of the COP stage
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709144-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-fehtuvanna-na-sablah-peremozec-etapu-ks.html
NATO's Estonia begins with 14,000 military training
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709145-v-estonii-rozpocinautsa-navcanna-nato-za-ucasti-14-tisac-vijskovih.html
In the museum in Pirogov celebrated Mother's Day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709148-u-muzei-v-pirogovi-vidsvatkuvali-den-materi.html
In the heating season, Ukraine will come with a much smaller margin of safety - DTEK
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3709149-v-opaluvalnij-sezon-ukraina-zajde-zi-znacno-mensim-zapasom-micnosti-dtek.html
The enemy fired the curakhov, three wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709152-vorog-obstrilav-kurahove-troe-poranenih.html
Ukraine can count on the support of Europe - Scholtz
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709154-ukraina-moze-rozrahovuvati-na-pidtrimku-evropi-solc.html
In four directions of the front per day - about 30 combat clashes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709155-na-cotiroh-napramkah-frontu-za-dobu-blizko-30-bojovih-zitknen.html
Terluga won the prime minister from karate
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709156-terluga-vigrala-etap-premerligi-z-karate.html
Zelensky believes that Ukraine makes no sense in negotiating with a team called "Putin"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709163-zelenskij-vvazae-so-ukraini-nemae-sensu-vesti-peregovori-z-kolektivom-pid-nazvou-putin.html
The President of Ukraine can come to France today - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709166-prezident-ukraini-sogodni-moze-pributi-do-francii-zmi.html
There is no rational reason why our warriors are still not in NATO - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709172-nemae-zodnoi-racionalnoi-pricini-comu-nasi-voini-dosi-ne-v-nato-zelenskij.html
"Polesie" for the first time in history came out in UPL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709173-polissa-vperse-v-istorii-vijslo-v-upl.html
Zavatskaya won the Russian in the qualification of ITF tournament in Madrid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709174-zavacka-peremogla-rosianku-u-kvalifikacii-turniru-itf-u-madridi.html
Mother's love is the source of all good and pure - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709175-materinska-lubov-e-dzerelom-usogo-dobrogo-i-cistogo-zelenskij.html
The President told about the preparation of Ukraine for a counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709177-prezident-rozpoviv-pro-pidgotovku-ukraini-do-kontrnastupu.html
In Turkey, the results of the presidential race began
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709178-u-tureccini-pocali-opriludnuvati-rezultati-prezidentskih-peregoniv.html
Russia geopolitically has lost war - Macron
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709179-rosia-geopoliticno-vze-prograla-vijnu-makron.html
Zelensky urged Europe to be decisive in helping Ukraine weapons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709181-zelenskij-zaklikav-evropu-buti-risucimi-u-dopomozi-ukraini-zbroeu.html
In the State Duma of the Russian Federation confirmed Lukashenko's health problems
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709184-u-derzdumi-rf-pidtverdili-problemi-zi-zdorovam-lukasenka.html
In Kherson air defense, three Russian drones destroyed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709187-na-hersonsini-ppo-znisila-tri-rosijski-bezpilotniki.html
After opening the half of the electoral chests in the presidential race, Erdogan is leading
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709188-pisla-vidkritta-polovini-viborcih-skrin-u-prezidentskih-peregonah-lidirue-erdogan.html
APL: Arsenal was defeated by Brighton
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709189-apl-arsenal-rozgromno-postupivsa-brajtonu.html
Moravetsky: Europe will be fully combined with Ukraine as a full member of the EU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709190-moraveckij-evropa-bude-povnistu-obednana-lise-z-ukrainou-ak-povnopravnim-clenom-es.html
Podolyak predicts catastrophic events for the Russian army
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709194-podolak-prognozue-katastroficni-podii-dla-rosijskoi-armii.html
The French President's office confirmed the visit of Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709198-v-ofisi-prezidenta-francii-pidtverdili-vizit-zelenskogo.html
Trains through Vinnitsa, Khmelnitsky and Ternopil are still running into a detour
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709208-potagi-cerez-vinnicu-hmelnickij-ta-ternopil-poki-kursuvatimut-v-obizd.html
In Zaporozhye in the hospital died a man who was injured by a hostile shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709203-u-zaporizzi-v-likarni-pomer-colovik-akij-postrazdav-vid-vorozogo-obstrilu.html
Nadiya Kichenok was unable to break into the paired quarterfinals of the tournament WTA in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709202-nadia-kicenok-ne-zmogla-probitisa-v-parnij-cvertfinal-turniru-wta-u-rimi.html
Zelensky - About Meeting with Macron: Let's discuss the most important points of bilateral relations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709205-zelenskij-pro-zustric-z-makronom-obgovorimo-najvazlivisi-punkti-dvostoronnih-vidnosin.html
Through the shelling of the Podilsky region, four trains are delayed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709206-vnaslidok-obstriliv-podilskogo-regionu-zatrimuutsa-cotiri-poizdi.html
The President of Ukraine flew to France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709210-prezident-ukraini-priletiv-do-francii.html
In Germany, Zelensky visited a military base in Aachen, where Ukrainian fighters train
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709211-zelenskij-vidvidav-vijskovu-bazu-v-nimeckomu-aaheni-de-trenuut-ukrainskih-bijciv.html
Kostyuk completed the struggle in the steam discharge of the WTA tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709216-kostuk-zaversila-borotbu-v-parnomu-rozradi-turniru-wta-v-rimi.html
Azerbaijan and Armenian leaders agreed to restore borders negotiations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709218-lideri-azerbajdzanu-j-virmenii-pogodilisa-vidnoviti-peregovori-pro-kordoni.html
Figenord was ahead of time the Netherlands champion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709217-feenord-dostrokovo-stav-cempionom-niderlandiv.html
The enemy for a day eight times fired at Sumy region border, totaling 109 "arrivals"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709220-vorog-za-den-visim-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-zagalom-109-prilotiv.html
Zelensky meets Macron in the Elisha Palace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709222-zelenskij-zustrivsa-z-makronom-u-elisejskomu-palaci.html
The current President of the Russian Federation isolates his country with his presence in the Kremlin - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/chynnyj-prezydent-rf-izolyuye-svoyu-krayinu-svoyeyu-prysutnistyu-v-kremli-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
A creative meeting with the Ukrainian poet and defender Valeria Subotina took place at the Kiev Cinema House
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/v-kyyivskomu-budynku-kino-vidbulasya-tvorcha-zustrich-z-ukrayinskoyu-poetesoyu-ta-zahysnyczeyu-valeriyeyu-subotinoyu/
The SBU has announced suspicion of the former occupation "commandant" of Balakliya, who tortured the residents of the city
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/sbu-ogolosyla-pro-pidozru-kolyshnomu-okupaczijnomu-komendantu-balakliyi-yakyj-katuvav-meshkancziv-mista/
105 UAVs will receive Ukrainian scouts from the German government
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/105-bpla-otrymayut-ukrayinski-rozvidnyky-vid-nimeczkogo-uryadu/
The victory of Ukraine is not only the liberation of all the occupied territories, but also fair sentences to all killers - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/peremoga-ukrayiny-cze-ne-lyshe-zvilnennya-vsih-okupovanyh-terytorij-a-j-spravedlyvi-vyroky-vsim-ubyvczyam-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Does the change of place of registration through "action" on monetary aid IDP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/chy-vplyvaye-zmina-misczya-reyestracziyi-cherez-diyu-na-groshovu-dopomogu-vpo/
On the international military pilgrimage for the first time prayed in Ukrainian - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/na-mizhnarodnomu-vijskovomu-palomnycztvi-vpershe-molylysya-ukrayinskoyu-movoyu-ganna-malyar/
The occupier who served his sentence in prisons is fascinated that he was signed for a contract - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/okupant-yakyj-prohodyv-pokarannya-u-misczyah-pozbavlennya-voli-bidkayetsya-shho-za-nogo-pidpysaly-kontrakt-gur/
Ukrainian Radio and TV for residents of the frontline territories of Zaporozhye
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/ukrayinske-radio-i-tb-dlya-meshkancziv-pryfrontovyh-terytorij-zaporizhzhya/
Finland has handed 12 mobile houses to live socially vulnerable groups
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/finlyandiya-peredala-12-mobilnyh-budynochkiv-dlya-prozhyvannya-soczialno-vrazlyvyh-grup-naselennya/
Our defenders destroyed 18 UAVS Shahd-136/131
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/nashi-zahysnyky-znyshhyly-18-bpla-shahed-136-131/
Defense forces have struck 10 beats in areas of focus of occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/syly-oborony-zavdaly-10-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv-ta-znyshhyly-2-rozviduvalnyh-bpla/
57 of combat clashes took place in Liman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Marinskaya directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/57-bojovyh-zitknen-vidbulosya-na-lymanskomu-bahmutskomu-avdiyivskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah/
In the Luhansk region, the occupiers organized the training of another 800 recruits from the prisoners from the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/na-luganshhyni-okupanty-organizuvaly-pidgotovku-shhe-800-novobrancziv-z-chysla-uvyaznenyh-osib-z-rf/
Enemy Loss per day: Over 600 invaders have been eliminated, 21 Artsystem and 31 UAVs were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-bvlshe-600-okupantiv-znyshheno-21-artsystemu-i-31-bpla/
The occupiers use the tactics of scattering the attention of our air defense - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/okupanty-vykorystovuyut-taktyku-rozsiyuvannya-uvagy-nashoyi-protypovitryanoyi-oborony-nataliya-gumenyuk/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
At night, the Russians struck civilians in Ternopil region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/vnochi-rosiyany-zavdaly-udariv-po-czyvilnym-obyektam-na-ternopilshhyni/
25 UAVs and three winged enemy missiles - the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/znyshheno-25-bpla-ta-try-krylati-rakety-protyvnyka-gsh-zsu/
Mother's Day is celebrated in Ukraine today
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/sogodni-v-ukrayini-vidznachayut-den-materi/
In Russia yesterday was the "Black Aviation Day" - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/na-rosiyi-vchora-buv-chornyj-den-aviacziyi-yurij-ignat/
481 The child was killed in Ukraine as a result of armed aggression of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/481-dytyna-zagynula-v-ukrayini-vnaslidok-zbrojnoyi-agresiyi-rf/
The Prosecutor's Office captures the effects of Kharkiv night firing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/prokuratura-fiksuye-naslidky-nichnogo-obstrilu-harkova-rashystamy/
5 UAVs, tulip mortar and 5 BBM enemy were destroyed in the south
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/na-pivdni-znyshheno-5-bpla-samohidnyj-minomet-tyulpan-ta-5-bbm-protyvnyka/
Lieutenant General Naev congratulated the Ukrainians on his mother's Day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/general-lejtenant-nayev-pryvitav-ukrayincziv-iz-dnem-materi/
In the Black Sea there are 4 rocket launchers of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation, one of which is underwater
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/u-chornomu-mori-perebuvaye-4-raketonosiyi-zs-rf-odyn-z-yakyh-pidvodnyj/
At night, the invaders hit Ternopil twice, SESS experts eliminate the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/vnochi-okupanty-dvichi-vdaryly-po-ternopolyu-fahivczi-dsns-likvidovuyut-naslidky/
In the Russian Federation, steel production falls through crisis in production - intelligence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/u-rf-padaye-vyrobnycztvo-stali-cherez-kryzy-u-vyrobnycztvi-rozvidka/
How Ukrainian Defenders are trained in fire training in the UK
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/yak-ukrayinski-zahysnyky-prohodyat-navchannya-iz-vognevoyi-pidgotovky-u-velykij-brytaniyi/
May 14 - Pam ’ Ukrainians who saved Jews during World War II
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/14-travnya-den-pamyati-ukrayincziv-yaki-ryatuvaly-yevreyiv-pid-chas-drugoyi-svitovoyi-vijny/
We have to develop a plan of action on just peace in Ukraine - Head of State
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/my-mayemo-rozrobyty-plan-dij-shhodo-spravedlyvogo-myru-v-ukrayini-glava-derzhavy/
The cities of Donetsk region were fired from "Grads" and "tornadoes", killed two people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/mista-donechchyny-rosiyany-obstrilyaly-gradamy-i-smerchamy-ubyto-dvoye-lyudej/
We need to be prepared to counteract the Russian army in all dimensions - General Christopher Cavooli
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/my-povynni-buty-gotovi-do-protydiyi-rosijskij-armiyi-v-usih-vymirah-general-kristofer-kavoli/
A large boxing tournament was held in Kharkiv in honor of the city's defense heroes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/u-harkovi-vidbuvsya-velykyj-bokserskyj-turnir-na-chest-geroyiv-oborony-mista/
Traitors flee from the occupied south to the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/zradnyky-tikayut-z-okupovanogo-pivdnya-do-rf/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Germany for the largest defensive package from the beginning of a large -scale invasion of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/volodymyr-zelenskyj-podyakuvav-nimechchyni-za-najbilshyj-oboronnyj-paket-vid-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnogo-vtorgnennya-zs-rf/
Five residents of Kherson region were killed by the Russians, investigations were launched
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/pyatoh-meshkancziv-hersonshhyny-ubyly-rosiyany-rozpochato-rozsliduvannya/
Five residents of Kherson region were killed by the Russians, investigations were launched
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/pyatoh-meshkancziv-hersonshhyny-ubyly-rosiyany-rozpochato-rozsliduvannya/
How Ukrainian Military Work out hostilities under the guidance of Heimevernet instructors
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/yak-ukrayinski-vijskovi-vidpraczovuyut-bojovi-kerivnycztvom-instruktoriv-heimevernet/
How Ukrainian Military Work out hostilities under the guidance of Heimevernet instructors
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/yak-ukrayinski-vijskovi-vidpraczovuyut-bojovi-kerivnycztvom-instruktoriv-heimevernet/
Due to Putin's mobilization, the Russians took away from banks another $ 3.6 billion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/cherez-putinsku-mobilizacziyu-rosiyany-zabraly-z-bankiv-shhe-36-mlrd/
The Russian Federation continues to ignore the International Convention on the Protection of Human Life at Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/rf-nadali-ignoruye-mizhnarodnu-konvencziyu-z-ohorony-lyudskogo-zhyttya-na-mori/
To strike on Kharkiv and Zolochiv enemy used the S-300 ZRK
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/dlya-udaru-po-harkovu-i-zolochivu-vorog-vykorystav-zrk-s-300/
As a result of the shelling of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation, 24 fires occurred in Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/vnaslidok-obstriliv-zs-rf-za-dobu-na-donechchyni-vynyklo-24-pozhezhi/
We are working on creating a fighter coalition - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/my-praczyuyemo-nad-stvorennyam-koalicziyi-vynyshhuvachiv-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Sergey Naev congratulated the Mother's Mother Army Service
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/sergij-nayev-pryvitav-z-dnem-materi-bagatoditnu-zhinku-vijskovosluzhbovyczyu/
I admire the heroism and strength of the spirit of Ukrainian mothers - the Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/ya-zahoplyuyusya-geroyizmom-ta-syloyu-duhu-ukrayinskyh-materiv-golovnokomanduvach-zsu/
A combat pilot who destroyed hundreds of units of hostile equipment, a ceiling was opened on the anniversary of death
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/bojovomu-lotchyku-yakyj-znyshhyv-sotni-odynycz-vorozhoyi-tehniky-na-rokovyny-zagybeli-vidkryly-stelu/
A combat pilot who destroyed hundreds of units of hostile equipment, a ceiling was opened on the anniversary of death
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/bojovomu-lotchyku-yakyj-znyshhyv-sotni-odynycz-vorozhoyi-tehniky-na-rokovyny-zagybeli-vidkryly-stelu/
Everyone is watching Our News - Anna Malyar about meeting the clergy in Lourdes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/za-nashymy-novynamy-stezhat-vsi-ganna-malyar-pro-zustrich-z-duhovenstvom-u-lyurdi/
Everyone is watching Our News - Anna Malyar about meeting the clergy in Lourdes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/za-nashymy-novynamy-stezhat-vsi-ganna-malyar-pro-zustrich-z-duhovenstvom-u-lyurdi/
The Head of State met with the members of the German Security Cabinet
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/glava-derzhavy-zustrivsya-z-chlenamy-kabinetu-z-pytan-bezpeky-frn/
In the north and south of Bakhmut, our units have taken over ten hostile positions - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/na-pivnochi-ta-pivdni-okolycz-bahmuta-nashi-pidrozdily-zahopyly-bilshe-desyaty-vorozhyh-pozyczij-ganna-malyar/
Our aviation has made 12 beats on the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/nasha-aviacziya-zavdala-12-udariv-po-protyvnyku/
There were 30 combat clashes with the enemy, Bakhmut and Marinka in the Epicenter of Fighting in the Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/na-donechchyni-vidbulosya-30-bojovyh-zitknen-z-protyvnykom-bahmut-i-maryinka-v-epiczentri-boyiv/
Among the conscripts for contract service in Kharkiv increased young people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/sered-pryzovnykiv-na-sluzhbu-za-kontraktom-u-harkovi-pobilshalo-molodi/
In the south the invaders fired at about 30 settlements
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/na-pivdni-zagarbnyky-obstrilyaly-blyzko-30-naselenyh-punktiv/
In the battles under Bakhmut, the famous hockey player and coach, the Armed Forces Warrior Alexander Khmil died
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/v-boyah-pid-bahmutom-zagynuv-vidomyj-hokeyist-i-trener-voyin-zsu-oleksandr-hmil/
In the battles under Bakhmut, the famous hockey player and coach, the Armed Forces Warrior Alexander Khmil died
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/v-boyah-pid-bahmutom-zagynuv-vidomyj-hokeyist-i-trener-voyin-zsu-oleksandr-hmil/
The invaders fired from the guns of the village of Podola in Kharkiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/okupanty-obstrilyaly-z-garmat-selo-podoly-na-harkivshhyni/
Rashists have inflicted 6 rocket and 27 aircraft blows per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/rashysty-zavdaly-6-raketnyh-ta-27-aviaczijnyh-udariv-za-dobu/
The future of Ukraine and its people - in Europe: Kiev and Berlin have signed a joint declaration
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/majbutnye-ukrayiny-ta-yiyi-narodu-u-yevropi-kyyiv-i-berlin-pidpysaly-spilnu-deklaracziyu/
Killer Skill: Bakhmut Ghosts Used 12 targets out of 15
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/vbyvcha-majsternist-pryvydy-bahmutu-utylizovaly12-czilej-z-15/
Three enemy UAVs were destroyed in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/na-hersonshhyni-znyshheno-try-vorozhyh-bpla/
Participants of international pilgrimage to Lourdes wish the defenders of Ukraine to victory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/na-mizhnarodnomu-palomnycztvi-do-lyurdu-ukrayinskij-delegacziyi-prydilyayut-osoblyvu-uvagu/
Participants of international pilgrimage to Lourdes wish the defenders of Ukraine to victory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/na-mizhnarodnomu-palomnycztvi-do-lyurdu-ukrayinskij-delegacziyi-prydilyayut-osoblyvu-uvagu/
Alexei Reznikov thanked Germany for a powerful security package
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/oleksij-reznikov-podyakuvav-nimechchyni-za-potuzhnyj-paket-dopomogy-u-sferi-bezpeky/
The enemy does not have a "projectile famine" in the Bakhmut direction, instead there is a significant problem with living force - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/vorog-ne-maye-snaryadnogo-golodu-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-natomist-ye-suttyeva-problema-z-zhyvoyu-syloyu-sergij-cherevatyj/
In Aachen Volodymyr Zelenskyy presented state awards to Ukrainian soldiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/v-aaheni-volodymyr-zelenskyj-vruchyv-ukrayinskym-voyinam-derzhavni-nagorody/
Ruthless methods of the Nazi regime are identical to the atrocities of Russian invaders - the Foreign Ministry
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/bezzhalni-metody-naczystskogo-rezhymu-totozhni-zvirstvam-rosijskyh-okupantiv-mzs/
DNR's "DNR" surprised by the next "surprise"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/posipak-dnr-rosiyany-zdyvuvaly-chergovoyu-nespodivankoyu/
Short. War. Day 445. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/korotko-vijna-den-445-videodajdzhest/
Europe and other parts of the land should not be a place where the ambitions of tyrants are breaking the lives
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/yevropa-ta-inshi-chastyny-zemli-ne-mayut-buty-misczem-de-ambicziyi-tyraniv-lamayut-zhyttya-narodiv-vystup-prezydenta-ukrayiny-na-vruchenni-mizhnarodnoyi-premiyi-ime/
Europe and other parts of the land should not be a place where the ambitions of tyrants are breaking the lives
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/yevropa-ta-inshi-chastyny-zemli-ne-mayut-buty-misczem-de-ambicziyi-tyraniv-lamayut-zhyttya-narodiv-vystup-prezydenta-ukrayiny-na-vruchenni-mizhnarodnoyi-premiyi-ime/
Elections in Turkey: Erdogan is leading although it does not gain 50%
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709223-vibori-v-tureccini-erdogan-lidirue-hoca-ne-nabirae-50.html
Elections in Turkey: Erdogan is leading although it does not gain 50%
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709223-vibori-v-tureccini-erdogan-lidirue-hoca-ne-nabirae-50.html
On Monday in Ukraine up to 25 ° warm, in places of rain and thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709056-u-ponedilok-v-ukraini-do-25-tepla-miscami-dosi-ta-grozi.html
Elections in Turkey: Erdogan is leading although it does not gain 50%
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709223-vibori-v-tureccini-erdogan-lidirue-hoca-ne-nabirae-50.html
On Monday in Ukraine up to 25 ° warm, in places of rain and thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709056-u-ponedilok-v-ukraini-do-25-tepla-miscami-dosi-ta-grozi.html
In Ternopil, as a result of Russian shelling, the warehouse with a gum -help was burned
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709225-u-ternopoli-vnaslidok-rosijskogo-obstrilu-vsent-zgoriv-sklad-z-gumdopomogou.html
Almost 90% of Belarusians do not have savings because of troubles in the country's economy - Intelligence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/majzhe-90-bilorusiv-ne-mayut-nakopychen-cherez-negarazdy-v-ekonomiczi-krayiny-rozvidka/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====