乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-22

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Halahanivka of Chernihiv ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4853
At Caurus Director Russia Army Shellle Topoli, Fholivka, NovoMilnsk, Yard, West, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4854
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka, Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region; Tor...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4855
Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Grigorivka, Bogdan ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4856
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novokalinova, Berdyshi, Steppe, Avdiivka, tons ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4857
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Hostre, Heorhiyivka, Maryinka and Pobyeda of Donet...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4858
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4861
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(21:11). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/15723
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(21:49). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46169
Drone has dropped an explosive device at the building of administration in Golovchino village...
https://t.me/breakingmash/44204
Sumska Oblast, Chernihivska Oblast(23:37). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take co...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46175
Zaporizka Oblast(23:40). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46176
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(00:13). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/15725
Poltavska Oblast(00:16). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46178
Cherkasy region, Kirovohrad region (01:22). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding. So...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46182
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(01:26). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/15727
Zaporizka Oblast(01:27). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/13003
Odesa region, Donetsk region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Kherson, Kherson region, Nicholas ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46189
Kyiv(01:43). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnenews/20973
Zhytomyr, Zhytomyr region, Kiev region (01:45). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding. ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46192
Vinnytska Oblast(01:45). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46193
Explosions reported in Dnipro
https://t.me/lachentyt/29520
Multiple powerful explosions in Dnipro city
https://t.me/lachentyt/29531
Explosions were reported near Kharkiv
https://t.me/lachentyt/29526
Lviv, Lviv region, Transcarpathia region, Rivne, Rivne region, Ivano-Frankivsk, Ivano-Frae ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46201
Explosions were reported in Zaporizhzhia
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/13004
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(04:17). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46222
Donetsk Oblast(05:48). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46229
Exposed 12 more pro-Russian online agitators
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/sbu-vykryla-shhe-12-prorosijskyh-internet-agitatoriv/
The Joint Forces Command showed the daily work of our artillerymen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/komanduvannya-obyednanyh-syl-pokazalo-shhodennu-robotu-nashyh-artylerystiv/
What to do if a loved one disappeared
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/shho-robyty-yakshho-blyzka-lyudyna-znykla-bezvisty/
As the Marines destroy the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/morpihy-pokazaly-yak-nyshhat-okupantiv/
Get funds to repair damaged as a result of a housing war: a program of being a renewal program has started
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/otrymaty-koshty-na-remont-poshkodzhenogo-vnaslidok-vijny-zhytla-startuvala-programa-yevidnovlennya/
Support Warriors took three -day tactical medicine courses
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/voyiny-syl-pidtrymky-projshly-trydenni-kursy-z-taktychnoyi-medyczyny/
Minus two "hyacinths" of the enemy in half a day: Calculation M777 works in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/za-piv-dnya-rozrahunok-m777-znyshhyv-dva-giaczynty-okupantiv-na-hersonshhyni-2/
Our aviation has made 10 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/nasha-aviacziya-zavdala-10-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
Bakhmut and Marinka remain at the epicenter of hostilities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/bahmut-ta-maryinka-zalyshayutsya-v-epiczentri-bojovyh-dij-3/
In Japan, the head of Ukrainian state met with President of Indonesia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/u-yaponiyi-glava-ukrayinskoyi-derzhavy-proviv-zustrich-iz-prezydentom-indoneziyi/
In the north direction of signs of offensive groups of the enemy was not revealed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/na-pivnichnomu-napryamku-oznak-nastupalnyh-ugrupovan-voroga-ne-vyyavleno/
In the temporarily captured territories, the occupiers turn even kindergartens into hospital
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/na-tymchasovo-zahoplenyh-terytoriyah-okupanty-peretvoryuyut-na-shpytali-navit-dytyachi-sadochky/
We need a global leadership of democracy - President Vladimir Zelensky's speech at a session of the Greater Seven and Ukraine Summit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/nam-potribne-globalne-liderstvo-demokratiyi-vystup-prezydenta-volodymyra-zelenskogo-na-sesiyi-samitu-krayin-velykoyi-simky-ta-ukrayiny/
Defense forces per day eliminated 730 invaders and destroyed 84 units of enemy weapons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-730-okupantiv-ta-znyshhyly-84-odynyczi-vorozhogo-ozbroyennya/
Volodymyr Zelensky's speech at the working session of the summit "Towards a peaceful, stable and prosperous world" with the participation of G7, Ukraine and partners
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/vystup-volodymyra-zelenskogo-na-robochij-sesiyi-samitu-nazustrich-myrnomu-stabilnomu-ta-proczvitayuchomu-svitu-za-uchastyu-krayin-g7-ukrayiny-ta-partneriv/
Soon - summer vacations. Where this year or on preferential conditions will be able to rest the children of servicemen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/nezabarom-litni-kanikuly-de-czogo-roku-bezkoshtovno-abo-na-pilgovyh-umovah-zmozhut-vidpochyty-dity-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
Enemy losses per week - 4280 invaders and 542 weapons and military equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/vtraty-voroga-za-tyzhden-4280-osib-ta-542-odynycz-ozbroyennya-ta-vijskovoyi-tehniky/
In Sumy region, evacuation from individual settlements of the Okhtyr community is announced
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712699-na-sumsini-ogolosuut-evakuaciu-iz-okremih-naselenih-punktiv-ohtirskoi-gromadi.html
The forces of special operations destroyed the observation complex of the Russian Federation, which revealed the equipment and fighters of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712696-sili-specoperacij-znisili-spostereznij-kompleks-rf-akij-viavlav-tehniku-j-osobovij-sklad-zsu.html
NATO Parliamentary Assembly recognized Russia's crimes against Ukraine genocide
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712643-parlamentska-asamblea-nato-viznala-zlocini-rosii-proti-ukraini-genocidom.html
Poltavska Oblast(16:30). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/11269
Series A: Juventus was fined with the removal of points
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712814-seria-a-uventus-ostrafuvali-znattam-ocok.html
The State Security Service warns about the spy activity of hackers against Ukraine and six countries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3712711-derzspeczvazku-poperedzae-pro-spigunsku-aktivnist-hakeriv-sodo-ukraini-ta-sesti-krain.html
In Kiev and a number of areas - a loophole of air anxiety
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712811-u-kievi-ta-nizci-oblastej-vidbij-povitranoi-trivogi.html
Bulgaria does not postpone the plans of nuclear power plans with Russian nuclear reactors
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3712703-bolgaria-ne-vidkladae-planiv-budivnictva-aes-z-rosijskimi-adernimi-reaktorami.html
Ukraine is spreading air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712810-ukrainou-siritsa-povitrana-trivoga.html
The enemy in a day was firing 12 times the border of Sumy region - there is a wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712809-vorog-za-dobu-12-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-e-poranenij.html
States officially confirmed unsuccessful attempts by Wagner to ship weapons through small
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712807-ssa-oficijno-pidtverdili-nevdali-sprobi-vagnera-perepraviti-zbrou-cerez-mali.html
Ukraine and Morocco will hold negotiations on the simplification of trade and visa regime - the Foreign Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712806-ukraina-i-marokko-provedut-peregovori-pro-sprosenna-torgivli-ta-vizovogo-rezimu-mzs.html
US will not stop pressure on Russia to liberate its citizens - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712803-ssa-ne-pripinat-tisk-na-rosiu-dla-zvilnenna-svoih-gromadan-derzdep.html
Russia's decision to initiate a criminal case against the ISS is a disrespect for international law - the EU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712804-risenna-rosii-porusiti-kriminalnu-spravu-proti-mks-e-nepovagou-do-miznarodnogo-prava-es.html
In Kiev, a charity screening of the film about the deportation of Crimean Tatars was held
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3712802-u-kievi-proveli-blagodijnij-pokaz-filmu-pro-deportaciu-krimskih-tatar.html
Seven Ukrainian karatists will perform at European Games in Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712799-sim-ukrainskih-karatistiv-vistuplat-na-evropejskih-igrah-u-polsi.html
State Department: Support of Ukraine F-16 is a priority for the United States
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712798-derzdep-zabezpecenna-ukraini-f16-e-prioritetom-dla-ssa.html
Trudeau and Macron discussed the defensive needs and post -war reconstruction of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712797-trudo-i-makron-obgovorili-oboronni-potrebi-i-povoennu-vidbudovu-ukraini.html
In Britain, a scandal around the Minister of Internal Affairs has erupted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712763-u-britanii-rozgorivsa-skandal-navkolo-ministra-vnutrisnih-sprav.html
The Armed Forces managed to move up to 400 meters under Bakhmut in a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712795-zsu-za-dobu-vdalos-prosunutis-do-400-metriv-pid-bahmutom-cerevatij.html
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Mykolayivka of Chernihiv ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4863
US will consider all ways to hold Russia accountable - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712794-ssa-rozgladatimut-usi-sposobi-pritagnenna-rosii-do-vidpovidalnosti-derzdep.html
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Kamyanka, well, Krasne first, Peter-Ivanivk ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4864
Shmigal said how much gas should be in the repositories at the beginning of the heating season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3712793-smigal-skazav-skilki-gazu-mae-buti-u-shovisah-na-pocatok-opaluvalnogo-sezonu.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka, Nevske and Bilohorivka of Luhansk region a...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4865
In the occupied Sevastopol, explosions - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3712792-v-okupovanomu-sevastopoli-prolunali-vibuhi-zmi.html
JSC Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Markovo, Ivanovsk, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4866
Nigeria opened the largest refinery in Africa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3712791-u-nigerii-vidkrili-najbilsij-v-africi-naftopererobnij-zavod.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novokalinova, Berdyshi, Steppe, Avdiivka, Syevo ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4867
Yastremskaya made his way to the second range of Rolan Harros in Paris
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712790-astremska-probilasa-do-drugogo-kola-kvalifikacii-rolan-garros-u-parizi.html
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian of the Army Shelled Georgiyevka, Victory Andes And Novomikhailivka of Donets ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4868
The focus is bypassing sanctions: The Council of EU Ministers discussed 11 packages against
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712788-u-centri-uvagi-obhid-sankcij-rada-ministriv-es-obgovorila-11-paket-proti-rosii.html
Lithuania has become more likely to refuse to Russians and Belarusians in a residence permit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712580-litva-stala-castise-vidmovlati-rosianam-ta-bilorusam-u-posvidci-na-prozivanna.html
At Shakhtarske direction Russian army shelled Vodyane and Vuhledar. Russian aviation conducte...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4869
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
Borrel: One cannot put a sign of equality between the aggressor and his victim
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712784-borrel-ne-mozna-staviti-znak-rivnosti-miz-agresorom-i-jogo-zertvou.html
Artillerymen destroyed a column of Russian equipment in Donetsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712611-artileristi-znisili-kolonu-rosijskoi-tehniki-na-doneccini.html
Donetsk Oblast(07:13). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46231
Ukrainian air defense destroyed 20 Russian UAVs, 4 cruise missiles and one Su-35 fighter
https://t.me/dneproperatyv/63368
EMERCOM rescuers base was destroyed in Russian attack on Dnipro city overnight, 3 buildings a...
https://t.me/info_zp/36175
Zaporizhzhia Nuclear Power Plant was disconnected from the grid after shelling damaged Dnipro...
https://t.me/info_zp/36174
Fire and explosions reported in Zamostye village of Belgorod region
https://t.me/Tsaplienko/32273
7 wounded in Synelnykovo district of Dnipropetrovsk region as result of Russian attack overnight
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/52663
Russian army shelling Kupiansk in Kharkiv region
https://t.me/kharkivlife/61166
Schelling IS report in
https://t.me/breakingmash/44210
Explosions in Yenakieve this morning
https://t.me/itsdonetsk/75877
Border post was reportedly destroyed in Belgorod region
https://t.me/operativnoZSU/97387
Donetsk Oblast(10:45). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46235
Russian army conducted 6 missile strikes, 52 airstrikes and 65 shelling with MLRS. Used S-300...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4862
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/22-may-russian-forces-conducting-offensive-actions-at-lyman
Clashes reported at the border near Dronovka village of Belgorod region
https://t.me/shot_shot/51723
A drone has dropped an explosive device and crashed in Novaya Tavolzhanka village of Belgorod...
https://t.me/breakingmash/44213
Zaporizka Oblast(11:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46236
Sumy region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region (11:52). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding. ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46238
Ukrenergo: power supply has been restored at Zaporizhzhia Nuclear power plant
https://t.me/Ukrenergo/2100
Missile launches from Belgorod
https://t.me/itsdonetsk/75892
1 person killed as result of shelling in Stanislav of Kherson region
https://t.me/babel/32641
Governor of Belgorod region says saboteur group has entered Grayvoron district, FSB border gu...
https://t.me/bazabazon/17841
Legion "Freedom of Russia" and RDK(Russian Volunteers corps) claimed control over Kozinka vil...
https://t.me/legionoffreedom/785
Sumy region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region (13: SS). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding. ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46244
Suspected saboteurs infiltration reported from the Gora-Podal town near Grayvoron
https://t.me/bbbelgorod/6064
Fire and explosions near Kramatorsk
https://t.me/itsdonetsk/75929
Russian media report partial evacuation of civilians from Kozinka village of Grayvoron district
https://t.me/shot_shot/51738
Russian Ministry of Defense claims attack on Dnipro airfield overnight
https://t.me/readovkanews/59319
Kremlin's spokesperson said Putin was informed about infiltration of saboteurs in Belgorod re...
https://t.me/interfaxonline/32408
Damage in Gora-Podol town of Belgorod region as result of clashes with saboteur group
https://t.me/bazabazon/17849
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(14:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46249
Explosions reported in Kharkiv. Head of regional administration urges population to take shel...
https://t.me/synegubov/6261
Russian Mi-8 helicopter reportedly crashed near Prokhorovka village of Belgorod region
https://t.me/bazabazon/17851
Poltavska Oblast(15:10). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46250
Police in Belgorod region declared high readiness, all policemen are being called in
https://t.me/bazabazon/17852
Zaporizka Oblast(15:10). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/13015
Donetsk region, Sumy region, Chernihiv region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Kirovohra ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46257
Local authorities preparing to evacuate Grayvoron and nearby villages
https://t.me/bbbreaking/156041
The deputy head of the administration of the city of Grayvoron was wounded during the shellin...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/22-may-the-deputy-head-of-the-administration-of-the-city
10 years old boy wounded as result of shelling in Izium town overnight
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/25097
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(16:30). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/15764
Kirovohrad region, Sumy region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Zaporizhzhya region, Donetsk Ob ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46273
Drone was shot down in Belgorod district
https://t.me/rusbrief/119267
Chernihivska Oblast, Cherkaska Oblast(16:42). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46275
Fighting sounds were reported at Mokraya Orlovka village of Belgorod region
https://t.me/breakingmash/44227
Governor of Belgorod region Gladkov declared "counter-terrorism operation regime" in the region
https://t.me/vestifmplus/44062
Residential house destroyed as result of shelling in Solovyov village of Bryansk region
https://t.me/bbbreaking/156057
сlashes Continue in Glotovo and Kozinka Village of Grayvoron District of Belgood Region
https://t.me/bazabazon/17860
Sumy region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region (17:55). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding. ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46286
Donetsk Oblast(19:03). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46291
Lesya Ukrainka Theater will go with touring to Ireland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3712558-teatr-imeni-lesi-ukrainki-poide-z-gastrolami-do-irlandii.html
Russian army shelled Marhanets and Chervonohryhorivka communities of Nikopol district of Dnip...
https://t.me/dneproperatyv/63450
Zaporizka Oblast(19:42). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46294
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(19:52). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46295
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(20:40). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46298
In Donetsk, Ukrainian defenders knocked down the enemy Mi-24 from the Igla MSrk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712616-na-doneccini-ukrainski-zahisniki-zbili-vorozij-mi24-iz-pzrk-igla.html
There is no problem with a summer form for the military - the Ministry of Defense forms a reserve for the winter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712615-problem-iz-litnou-formou-dla-vijskovih-nemae-minoboroni-formue-rezerv-na-zimu.html
The sculptures of the babies-founders of Kiev were dressed in costumes of the characters of Conan Doyle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3712617-skulpturi-malukivzasnovnikiv-kieva-odagli-u-kostumi-personaziv-konan-dojla.html
In Zaporozhye at the expense of local budget plan to restore four high -rise buildings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3712619-u-zaporizzi-za-kosti-miscevogo-budzetu-planuut-vidnoviti-cotiri-bagatopoverhivki.html
In the Nikolaev area, the Tiligul wind power plant was launched
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3712627-na-mikolaivsini-zapustili-persu-cergu-tiligulskoi-vitroelektrostancii.html
There are no obstacles for a new EU sanctions package
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712629-dla-novogo-paketu-sankcij-es-proti-rosii-pereskod-nemae-e-tehnicni-pitanna-glava-mzs-avstrii.html
Vinnitsa honored the memory of the Korrd fighters, the dead of the rocket stroke in Zaporozhye
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712630-u-vinnici-vsanuvali-pamat-bijciv-kordu-zagiblih-rid-cas-raketnogo-udaru-na-zaporizzi.html
Everything is ready for Nikolaev ports to join the "grain corridor" - Kim
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712631-vse-gotovo-sob-porti-mikolaeva-priednalisa-do-zernovogo-koridoru-kim.html
The International Gymnastics Federation has continued the removal of Russians and Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712632-miznarodna-federacia-gimnastiki-prodovzila-vidstoronenna-rosian-i-bilorusiv.html
Only in the last month, the searchmen have been able to find 50 bodies of missing Ukrainians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712634-lise-za-ostannij-misac-posukovcam-vdalosa-znajti-50-til-zniklih-bezvisti-ukrainciv.html
The SBU detained a resident of Donetsk region who "drained" the Russians about air defense in Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712618-sbu-zatrimala-zitelku-doneccini-aka-peredavala-rosianam-dani-pro-ppo-v-rajoni-bahmuta.html
Zaporizka Oblast(21:44). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46302
In Khmelnytskyi, nine parishes went to the PCC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712642-na-hmelniccini-se-devat-parafij-perejsli-do-pcu.html
Poland is preparing a report on Russia's damages caused by the Soviet Union
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712644-polsa-gotue-zvit-pro-vidskoduvanna-rosieu-zbitkiv-zavdanih-radanskim-souzom.html
The exhibition of Ukrainian art in 1912-2023 continues in Dresden
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3712645-u-drezdeni-trivae-vistavka-ukrainskogo-mistectva-19122023-rokiv.html
Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Donetsk region (21:56). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding ....
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46304
Agrofusion plant is renewed at the Deoocular Snihurivshchyna Agrofusion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3712647-na-deokupovanij-snigurivsini-ponovlue-robotu-zavod-kompanii-agrofusion.html
Poltavska Oblast(22:04). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/11272
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Chernihiv region, Kiev region, Mykolaiv, Mykolaiv region ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46310
Kochergin for the second time in the season was distinguished by a double in the Poland Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712650-kocergin-vdruge-u-sezoni-vidznacivsa-dublem-u-cempionati-polsi.html
Odessa region, Sumsk region, Kherson, Kherson region (22:07). Red Alert: Aerial Threat. Its ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46313
Conducting fire at night: how Ukrainian military training is trained in Britain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712651-vedenna-vognu-vnoci-ak-trenuutsa-u-britanii-ukrainski-vijskovi.html
The Russians abduct the Crimeans and "sew" them undermining the railroad - Lubinets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3712652-rosiani-vikradaut-krimcan-i-siut-im-pidriv-zaliznici-lubinec.html
The EU has introduced additional sanctions for human rights violations in Iran
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712653-es-vviv-dodatkovi-sankcii-za-porusenna-prav-ludini-v-irani.html
Stefanchuk urged Sweden to pass Gripen fighters to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712655-stefancuk-zaklikav-sveciu-peredati-ukraini-vinisuvaci-gripen.html
WHO will not invite Taiwan to the annual assembly
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712657-vooz-ne-zaprosuvatime-tajvan-na-soricnu-asambleu.html
In most regions of Ukraine, an extraordinary fire danger will prevail
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712658-u-bilsosti-oblastej-ukraini-perevazatime-nadzvicajna-pozezna-nebezpeka.html
Aliyev stated that the signing of a peace agreement between Azerbaijan and Armenia inevitably
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712659-aliev-zaaviv-so-pidpisanna-mirnoi-ugodi-miz-azerbajdzanom-ta-virmenieu-neminuce.html
Artificial intelligence for military purposes: Israel seeks to become a "superpower"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3712662-stucnij-intelekt-u-vijskovih-cilah-izrail-pragne-stati-nadderzavou.html
Austrian Foreign Minister: "Peaceful Plan" China aimed at smoothing angles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712663-glava-mzs-avstrii-mirnij-plan-kitau-spramovanij-na-zgladzuvanna-kutiv.html
ARMA is looking for managers for six hotels and sanatoriums
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3712664-arma-sukae-upraviteliv-dla-sesti-goteliv-ta-sanatoriiv.html
EU leaders and Korea have declared support for Ukraine and called on Russia to immediately withdraw troops
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712665-lideri-es-i-korei-zaavili-pro-pidtrimku-ukraini-i-zaklikali-rosiu-negajno-vivesti-vijska.html
Barcelona for the first time since 2021 was defeated in the women's championship of Spain in football
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712667-barselona-uperse-z-2021-roku-zaznala-porazki-u-zinocomu-cempionati-ispanii-z-futbolu.html
Drone has dropped an explosive device on administration building in Borisovka village of Belg...
https://t.me/bazabazon/17864
The Crew Dragon Space Space with Tourists Crews Started with MKS
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3712669-kosmicnij-korabel-crew-dragon-z-ekipazem-turistiv-zistikuvavsa-z-mks.html
Creation of the Safety Strone: GURs commented on events in the Belgorod region of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712670-stvorenna-smugi-bezpeki-u-gur-prokomentuvali-podii-u-belgorodskij-oblasti-rosii.html
The invaders are struck - in Kharkiv the explosions can be heard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712673-zagarbniki-zavdaut-udariv-u-harkovi-cuti-vibuhi.html
Metropolitan of the UOC -MP from Bukovina declared suspected ignition of religious hatred
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3712679-mitropolitu-upc-mp-z-bukovini-ogolosili-pidozru-u-rozpaluvanni-religijnoi-vorozneci.html
Ukraine is not related to events in the Belgorod region of the Russian Federation - Podolyak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712678-ukraina-ne-mae-stosunku-do-podij-u-belgorodskij-oblasti-rf-podolak.html
In Odessa, a man got a lifetime - passed the enemy about the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712681-v-odesi-colovik-otrimav-dovicne-peredavav-vorogu-dani-pro-zsu.html
In the Carpathian region, Jewish tombstones that were laid out were moved to the cemetery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712683-na-prikarpatti-evrejski-nadgrobni-pliti-akimi-bula-vikladena-vulica-perenesli-na-kladovise.html
The museum in Pirogov will help with the psychological rehabilitation of the military - Naev signed a memorandum
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3712692-muzej-u-pirogovi-dopomoze-z-psihologicnou-reabilitacieu-vijskovih-naev-pidpisav-memorandum.html
In Izium as a result of shelling a ten -year -old boy wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712693-v-izumi-vnaslidok-obstrilu-poranenij-desatiricnij-hlopcik.html
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(23:35). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46326
Sexual crimes during the war is the systemic policy of Russia - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3712695-seksualni-zlocini-pid-cas-vijni-e-sistemnou-politikou-rosii-malar.html
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(23:41). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/15775
FIFA has continued a rule for a year that allows to break contracts because of war in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712697-fifa-se-na-rik-prodovzila-pravilo-so-dozvolae-rozrivati-kontrakti-cerez-vijnu-v-ukraini.html
In ten cities, centers of help victims of sexual abuse - Stephanyshyn were launched
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3712698-u-desati-mistah-rozgornuli-centri-dopomogi-postrazdalim-vid-seksualnogo-nasilstva-stefanisina.html
Sachko completed the performances at the Geneva tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712700-sacko-zaversiv-vistupi-na-turniri-u-zenevi.html
Ukrainian agriculture has suffered $ 40.2 billion in war - KSE
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3712702-ukrainske-silske-gospodarstva-zaznalo-402-milarda-zbitkiv-cerez-vijnu-kse.html
Drone has dropped explosive device at HQ of FSB in Belgorod region
https://t.me/breakingmash/44237
Resistance to Russia and Ukraine's restoration: the National Bank presented a new strategy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3712704-sprotiv-rosii-ta-vidnovlenni-ukraini-nacbank-prezentuvav-novu-strategiu.html
Sean Penn will play in the Ukrainian cinema "War of Animals"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3712705-son-penn-zigrae-v-ukrainskomu-kinoalmanahu-vijna-ocima-tvarin.html
In the Kyiv region, suspected abuse and violence over an 11-year-old girl chose precautions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712708-na-kiivsini-pidozruvanim-u-znusanni-ta-nasilstvi-nad-11ricnou-divcinkou-obrali-zapobizni-zahodi.html
German tire manufacturer Continental sold their plant in
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3712712-nimeckij-virobnik-sin-continental-prodav-svij-zavod-u-rosii.html
In Donetsk, border guards destroyed the field composition of Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712713-na-doneccini-prikordonniki-znisili-polovij-sklad-rosian.html
Tkachenko will take part in a meeting of the Ministers of Culture of the Lublin Triangle in Krakow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3712714-tkacenko-vizme-ucast-u-zustrici-ministriv-kulturi-lublinskogo-trikutnika-u-krakovi.html
Russians use pirate programs to access the devices of Ukrainians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3712715-rosiani-vikoristovuut-piratski-programi-dla-dostupu-do-pristroiv-ukrainciv.html
Bulgaria agreed to form a coalition government
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712718-u-bolgarii-domovilisa-pro-formuvanna-koalicijnogo-uradu.html
There will still be a weapon for our soldiers: Zelensky announced new meetings and negotiations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712719-bude-se-zbroa-dla-nasih-voiniv-zelenskij-anonsuvav-novi-zustrici-ta-peregovori.html
Ukraine is negotiating with the Russian side to return from captivity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712720-ukraina-provodit-peregovori-z-rosijskou-storonou-sodo-povernenna-iz-polonu-strokovikiv.html
The invaders export documents from Crimea confirming their illegal activity - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3712722-okupanti-vivozat-iz-krimu-dokumenti-so-pidtverdzuut-ihnu-nezakonnu-dialnist-gumenuk.html
Nemchinov met with the Minister of Economy of Latvia - they spoke of rebuilding
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3712724-nemcinov-zustrivsa-z-ministrom-ekonomiki-latvii-govorili-pro-vidbudovu.html
Famous Svitolina rival in the second circle of WTA tournament in Strasbourg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712723-vidoma-supernica-svitolinoi-u-drugomu-koli-turniru-wta-u-strasburzi.html
In the Belgorod region, a counter -terrorist operation was announced
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712730-u-belgorodskij-oblasti-ogolosili-rezim-kontrteroristicnoi-operacii.html
Sumy region said goodbye to energy that died as a result of shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712731-na-sumsini-poprosalisa-iz-energetikami-aki-zaginuli-vnaslidok-obstrilu.html
Ukraine is predicted Tuesday with thunderstorms, warms up to +25 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712716-ukraini-prognozuut-vivtorok-z-grozami-progrie-do-25.html
The Russians urgently evacuate nuclear ammunition from the Belgorod region - GUR
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712733-rosiani-terminovo-evakuuut-shovise-adernih-boepripasiv-iz-belgorodskoi-oblasti-gur.html
The register of losses caused by aggression of the Russian Federation will also include harm to victims of sexual violence - Ministry of Justice
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3712735-reestr-zbitkiv-zavdanih-agresieu-rf-vklucatime-i-skodu-zertvam-seksualnogo-nasilstva-minust.html
The World Health Assembly was shown by Ukrainian "fast", which was fired by the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3712737-na-vsesvitnij-asamblei-ohoroni-zdorova-pokazali-ukrainski-svidki-aki-obstrilali-rosiani.html
Nikolaev received six excavators from Denmark for utility companies - mayor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712739-mikolaiv-otrimav-vid-danii-sist-ekskavatoriv-dla-komunalnih-pidpriemstv-mer.html
Poland wants to buy in Sweden aircraft reconnaissance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712740-polsa-hoce-kupiti-u-svecii-litakirozvidniki.html
WhatsApp added the opportunity to edit messages
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3712741-u-whatsapp-dodali-mozlivist-redaguvati-povidomlenna.html
World Cup 2023 with Hockey: Canada sensed Norway sensationally, Sweden won Denmark
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712743-cs2023-z-hokeu-kanada-sensacijno-prograla-norvegii-svecia-peremogla-daniu.html
In five directions of the front there were 25 clashes, Bakhmut battles continue
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712745-na-pati-napramkah-frontu-vidbulisa-25-zitknen-boi-za-bahmut-trivaut.html
The situation in the Belgorod region is an internal conflict - Yusov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712744-situacia-u-belgorodskij-oblasti-e-vnutrisnim-konfliktom-gur.html
Ukraine needs memory infrastructure - Drobyovych
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3712747-ukraini-potribna-infrastruktura-pamati-drobovic.html
The Ambassador of Denmark passed to the mayor of Nikolaev a letter from Queen Margreti II
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712752-posol-danii-v-ukraini-peredav-meru-mikolaeva-list-vid-korolevi-margrete-ii.html
German counterintelligence captures the growth of Russian agents in Europe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712754-nimecka-kontrrozvidka-fiksue-zrostanna-aktivnosti-rosijskih-agentiv-u-evropi.html
Obolon and Polissya exchanged goals in the first league match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712753-obolon-ta-polissa-obminalisa-golami-u-matci-persoi-ligi.html
Things are named by their names: Zelensky about the declaration of NATO, which recognizes Russian crimes with genocide
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712755-reci-nazvani-svoimi-imenami-zelenskij-pro-deklaraciu-pa-nato-so-viznae-zlocini-rf-genocidom.html
A 3D printer will be used to rebuild Ukraine, which is being built in Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3712756-dla-vidbudovi-ukraini-vikoristaut-3dprinter-akim-zvodat-skolu-u-lvovi.html
In Lviv, the first brand created with artificial intelligence was extinguished in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712757-u-lvovi-pogasili-persu-v-ukraini-marku-stvorenu-za-dopomogou-stucnogo-intelektu.html
The Russians fired the village in Kherson region, there is a wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712760-rosiani-obstrilali-selo-na-hersonsini-e-poranenij.html
Cold plasma generator is being developed in Ukraine to help treat wounds
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3712758-v-ukraini-rozroblaut-generator-holodnoi-plazmi-akij-dopomoze-likuvati-rani.html
Almost 13,000 people came on the International Museum Day in Lviv on excursion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3712761-u-miznarodnij-den-muzeiv-u-lvovi-na-ekskursii-prijsli-majze-13-tisac-ludej.html
US signed a defensive agreement with Papua-Nova Guinea to counter China's expansion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712762-ssa-pidpisali-oboronnu-ugodu-z-papuanovou-gvineeu-dla-protidii-ekspansii-kitau.html
Ukraine urged Latvian business to join the reconstruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3712764-ukraina-zaklikala-latvijskij-biznes-dolucatisa-do-vidbudovi.html
On the Polish-Belarusian border increased the number of aggressive actions of illegal aliens
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712768-na-polskobiloruskomu-kordoni-zrosla-kilkist-agresivnih-dij-nelegaliv.html
In Vienna tomorrow starts the first viewing of the IMF program for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3712774-u-vidni-zavtra-startue-persij-pereglad-programi-mvf-dla-ukraini.html
A participant of the presidential race in Turkey supported Erdogan in the second round of elections
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712776-ucasnik-prezidentskih-peregoniv-u-tureccini-pidtrimav-erdogana-v-drugomu-turi-viboriv.html
Borrel urged to accelerate the delivery of military assistance to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712777-borrel-zaklikav-priskoriti-dostavku-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
The BP Budget Committee has agreed to allocate 4.4 billion to "Equation"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3712778-budzetnij-komitet-vr-pogodiv-vidilenna-44-milarda-na-evidnovlenna.html
The national team of Ukraine will perform at the Austrian stage of the Grand Prix series with judo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712779-zbirna-ukraini-vistupit-na-avstrijskomu-etapi-serii-granpri-z-dzudo.html
Artillerymen destroyed a column of Russian equipment in Donetsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712611-artileristi-znisili-kolonu-rosijskoi-tehniki-na-doneccini.html
Borrel: One cannot put a sign of equality between the aggressor and his victim
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712784-borrel-ne-mozna-staviti-znak-rivnosti-miz-agresorom-i-jogo-zertvou.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
Lithuania has become more likely to refuse to Russians and Belarusians in a residence permit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712580-litva-stala-castise-vidmovlati-rosianam-ta-bilorusam-u-posvidci-na-prozivanna.html
The focus is bypassing sanctions: The Council of EU Ministers discussed 11 packages against
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712788-u-centri-uvagi-obhid-sankcij-rada-ministriv-es-obgovorila-11-paket-proti-rosii.html
Yastremskaya made his way to the second range of Rolan Harros in Paris
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712790-astremska-probilasa-do-drugogo-kola-kvalifikacii-rolan-garros-u-parizi.html
Nigeria opened the largest refinery in Africa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3712791-u-nigerii-vidkrili-najbilsij-v-africi-naftopererobnij-zavod.html
In the occupied Sevastopol, explosions - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3712792-v-okupovanomu-sevastopoli-prolunali-vibuhi-zmi.html
Shmigal said how much gas should be in the repositories at the beginning of the heating season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3712793-smigal-skazav-skilki-gazu-mae-buti-u-shovisah-na-pocatok-opaluvalnogo-sezonu.html
US will consider all ways to hold Russia accountable - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712794-ssa-rozgladatimut-usi-sposobi-pritagnenna-rosii-do-vidpovidalnosti-derzdep.html
The Armed Forces managed to move up to 400 meters under Bakhmut in a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712795-zsu-za-dobu-vdalos-prosunutis-do-400-metriv-pid-bahmutom-cerevatij.html
In Britain, a scandal around the Minister of Internal Affairs has erupted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712763-u-britanii-rozgorivsa-skandal-navkolo-ministra-vnutrisnih-sprav.html
Trudeau and Macron discussed the defensive needs and post -war reconstruction of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712797-trudo-i-makron-obgovorili-oboronni-potrebi-i-povoennu-vidbudovu-ukraini.html
State Department: Support of Ukraine F-16 is a priority for the United States
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712798-derzdep-zabezpecenna-ukraini-f16-e-prioritetom-dla-ssa.html
Seven Ukrainian karatists will perform at European Games in Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712799-sim-ukrainskih-karatistiv-vistuplat-na-evropejskih-igrah-u-polsi.html
In Kiev, a charity screening of the film about the deportation of Crimean Tatars was held
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3712802-u-kievi-proveli-blagodijnij-pokaz-filmu-pro-deportaciu-krimskih-tatar.html
Russia's decision to initiate a criminal case against the ISS is a disrespect for international law - the EU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712804-risenna-rosii-porusiti-kriminalnu-spravu-proti-mks-e-nepovagou-do-miznarodnogo-prava-es.html
US will not stop pressure on Russia to liberate its citizens - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712803-ssa-ne-pripinat-tisk-na-rosiu-dla-zvilnenna-svoih-gromadan-derzdep.html
Ukraine and Morocco will hold negotiations on the simplification of trade and visa regime - the Foreign Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712806-ukraina-i-marokko-provedut-peregovori-pro-sprosenna-torgivli-ta-vizovogo-rezimu-mzs.html
States officially confirmed unsuccessful attempts by Wagner to ship weapons through small
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712807-ssa-oficijno-pidtverdili-nevdali-sprobi-vagnera-perepraviti-zbrou-cerez-mali.html
The enemy in a day was firing 12 times the border of Sumy region - there is a wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712809-vorog-za-dobu-12-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-e-poranenij.html
Ukraine is spreading air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712810-ukrainou-siritsa-povitrana-trivoga.html
Bulgaria does not postpone the plans of nuclear power plans with Russian nuclear reactors
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3712703-bolgaria-ne-vidkladae-planiv-budivnictva-aes-z-rosijskimi-adernimi-reaktorami.html
In Kiev and a number of areas - a loophole of air anxiety
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712811-u-kievi-ta-nizci-oblastej-vidbij-povitranoi-trivogi.html
The State Security Service warns about the spy activity of hackers against Ukraine and six countries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3712711-derzspeczvazku-poperedzae-pro-spigunsku-aktivnist-hakeriv-sodo-ukraini-ta-sesti-krain.html
Series A: Juventus was fined with the removal of points
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712814-seria-a-uventus-ostrafuvali-znattam-ocok.html
The fighters have successfully passed the test - Sergey Naev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/bijczi-uspishno-projshly-vyprobuvannya-sergij-nayev/
Ukraine and the world - against Russian aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-14/
We have to meet the needs of Irina Vereshchuk jointly
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/mayemo-spilno-zabezpechyty-potreby-vpo-iryna-vereshhuk/
The enemy implements complex operations with a combination of hacker attacks and fake news
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/vorog-realizovuye-skladni-operacziyi-z-poyednannyam-hakerskyh-atak-ta-fejkovyh-novyn/
From the sky to the ground: AFU paratroopers perform exciting parachute jumps
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/z-neba-na-zemlyu-desantnyky-zsu-vykonuyut-zahoplyuyuchi-strybky-z-parashutom/
SCO of Ukraine staged a real hunt for an opponent
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/sso-ukrayiny-vlashtuvaly-spravzhnye-polyuvannya-na-protyvnyka/
Fake News: TG hostile tanals spread misinformation on the use of "New Mail" for transportation of military equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/fejkovi-novyny-vorozhi-tg-kanaly-poshyryuyut-dezinformacziyu-pro-vykorystannya-novoyi-poshty-dlya-perevezennya-vijskovoyi-tehniky/
The Center for Combating Misinformation Informs: The main fakes that have promoted the world media
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/czentr-protydiyi-dezinformacziyi-informuye-osnovni-fejky-shho-prosuvaly-svitovi-media/
Prisoners of Russian military were shown the movie "Absolute Evil" about the war crimes they committed in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/polonenym-rosijskym-vijskovym-pokazaly-film-absolyutne-zlo-pro-voyenni-zlochyny-shho-vony-chynyly-v-ukrayini/
The Commander of the Land Forces awarded 30 Ombre soldiers for their heroism in Bakhmut's battles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/komanduvach-suhoputnyh-vijsk-nagorodyv-voyiniv-30-ombr-za-yihnij-geroyizm-u-boyah-pid-bahmutom/
Meeting of Coordination Staff: Protection of the Rights of the Child in Martial Status
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/zasidannya-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-zahyst-prav-dytyny-v-umovah-voyennogo-stanu/
Evacuation of Bakhmut's residents under the sight of Russian troops
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/evakuacziya-zhyteliv-bahmuta-pid-pryczilnym-vognem-rosijskyh-vijsk/
It is better for Russian colonials to voluntarily leave Crimea to his de -occupation - Irina Vereshchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/rosijskym-kolonizatoram-krashhe-dobrovilno-zalyshyty-krym-do-jogo-deokupacziyi-iryna-vereshhuk/
Soldiers are working out firing from a manual anti-tank grenade launcher RPG-7
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/vijskovosluzhbovczi-vidpraczovuyut-strilby-iz-ruchnogo-protytankovogo-granatometa-rpg-7/
Ukraine's defense forces continue to destroy Russian-occupying troops in Bakhmut.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/syly-oborony-ukrayiny-prodovzhuyut-nyshhyty-rosijsko-okupaczijni-vijska-u-misti-forteczi-bahmut/
Bakhmut's fighting is ongoing. The enemy unsuccessfully tried to restore the lost positions south of the settlement Ivanovo
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/boyi-za-misto-bahmut-tryvayut-protyvnyk-bezuspishno-namagavsya-vidnovyty-vtracheni-pozycziyi-pivdennishe-naselenogo-punktu-ivanivske/
At a session of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly in Luxembourg, they talked about Ukraine's support in its desire to join NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/na-sesiyi-parlamentskoyi-asambleyi-nato-v-lyuksemburzi-govoryly-pro-pidtrymku-ukrayiny-v-yiyi-pragnenni-vstupyty-do-nato/
According to estuaries, Slavyansk and Konstantinovtsi the enemy beat the S-300 SCRS missiles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/po-lymanu-slovyansku-ta-kostyantynivczi-protyvnyk-byv-raketamy-zrk-s-300/
Defense forces have struck 19 strokes in the areas of concentration of personnel and enemy equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/syly-oborony-zavdaly-19-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-osobovogo-skladu-ta-tehniky-protyvnyka/
The replenishment from the prisoners decided not to cook not a month, but only 10 days
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/popovnennya-iz-chysla-zasudzhenyh-rosiyany-vyrishyly-gotuvaty-ne-misyacz-a-lyshe-10-dniv/
Ukrainian defenders eliminated more than 700 invaders, landed the aircraft and destroyed 20 Artisystems
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-likviduvaly-ponad-700-okupantiv-pryzemlyly-litak-i-znyshhyly-20-artsystem/
Air defense forces destroyed four winged rockets and all 20 UAVs that the enemy directed at night to the Dnieper
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/syly-ppo-znyshhyly-chotyry-krylatyh-rakety-ta-usi-20-bpla-yaki-vorog-vnochi-spryamuvav-na-dnipro/
The EU mission has prepared nearly 3,500 Ukrainian military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/misiya-yes-pidgotuvala-majzhe-3500-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/
During the day, rescuers went to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling almost 100 times
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-majzhe-100-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-2/
Griffin Shock 23-1: Large-scale NATO and US Country Training is taking place in Poland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/griffin-shock-23-1-u-polshhi-vidbuvayutsya-masshtabni-navchannya-krayin-nato-ta-ssha/
The Zaporizhzhia NPP has switched to blackout mode: fuel supply in generators will be enough for 10 days
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/zaporizka-aes-perejshla-v-rezhym-blekautu-zapasu-palyva-v-generatorah-vystachyt-na-10-dib/
In the Dnieper, the occupiers struck on the SES part, more than 20 pieces of equipment were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/u-dnipri-okupanty-zavdaly-udaru-po-chastyni-dsns-znyshheno-ponad-20-odynycz-tehniky/
During the day of the Pyrotechnics of the SES, more than 100 explosive items were disposed of
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-100-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-8/
We do not have enough aircraft that are able to knock hostile ballistic missiles - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/u-nas-nedostatno-zasobiv-ppo-yaki-zdatni-zbyvaty-vorozhi-balistychni-rakety-yurij-igna/
A traitor who corrected Russian blows in Mykolaiv region threatens lifelong
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/zradnyku-yakyj-koryguvav-rosijski-udary-po-mykolayivshhyni-zagrozhuye-dovichne/
F-16 will reflect the desire for Russian aviation to fly to our borders-Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/f-16-vidibyut-bazhannya-rosijskij-aviacziyi-pidlitaty-do-nashyh-kordoniv-yurij-ignat/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 17,000 crimes against National Security have been documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-17-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-naczbezpeky-5/
The US was powerfully responding to Russia's withdrawal from RSMD - Professor Andriy Haruk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/ssha-potuzhno-vidpovily-na-vyhid-rosiyi-z-ugody-pro-rsmd-profesor-andrij-haruk/
138 settlements fired the enemy for the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/138-naselenyh-punktiv-obstrilyav-vorog-za-mynulu-dobu/
Japan will hand over 100 military cars to Ukraine and 30,000 rations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/yaponiya-peredast-ukrayini-100-vijskovyh-avtomobiliv-ta-30-tysyach-pajkiv/
In Bakhmut, the offensive potential of the enemy is significantly reduced, he is caused huge losses - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/u-bahmuti-nastupalnyj-potenczial-voroga-suttyevo-znyzhenyj-jomu-zavdani-velychezni-vtraty-ganna-malyar/
The Russian war against Ukraine united NATO - Tony Lawrence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/rosijska-vijna-proty-ukrayiny-obyednala-nato-toni-lourens/
On May 23, there will be a briefing on the demining of the territories conducted
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/23-travnya-vidbudetsya-bryfing-shhodo-rozminuvannya-terytorij-yake-provodyat-pidrozdily-derzhspecztranssluzhby/
Our troops in Bakhmut control certain objects and private sector in the Airplane - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/nashi-vijska-u-bahmuti-kontrolyuyut-pevni-obyekty-ta-pryvatnyj-sektor-u-rajoni-litak-ganna-malyar/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy: To return justice and guarantee freedom for Ukraine - our historical task
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/volodymyr-zelenskyj-povernuty-spravedlyvist-ta-garantuvaty-svobodu-dlya-ukrayiny-nashe-istorychne-zavdannya/
The enemy uses pirate programs to access citizens' devices - the State Secret ’ Land
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/vorog-vykorystovuye-piratski-programy-dlya-otrymannya-dostupu-do-prystroyiv-gromadyan-derzhspeczzvyazok/
In Kyiv region, the suspicion of Tiktok was reported by the blogger that denied the aggression of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/na-kyyivshhyny-povidomleno-pro-pidozru-tiktok-blogeru-shho-zaperechuvav-agresiyu-rf/
Work on attracting the resources of the European Union in the projections of demining in Ukraine is ongoing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/robota-iz-zaluchennya-resursiv-yevropejskogo-soyuzu-do-proyektiv-rozminuvannya-v-ukrayini-tryvaye/
Mayor General Cyril's address to Russian servicemen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/zvernennya-general-majora-kyryla-budanova-do-rosijskyh-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
Absence of photo-, video with prisoners of war or official confirmation does not affect the exchange-coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/vidsutnist-foto-video-z-vijskovopolonenym-abo-oficzijnogo-pidtverdzhennya-ne-vplyvaye-na-obmin-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
"Bakhmut, destroyed by Russian occupiers, is what the whole world looks at now" - a representative of GUR MOU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/zrujnovanyj-rosijskymy-okupantamy-bahmut-cze-te-na-shho-zaraz-dyvytsya-ves-svit-predstavnyk-gur-mou/
The Defense Ministry has satisfied the need for summer supply. The reserve for the winter is formed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/minoborony-zadovolnyly-potrebu-shhodo-postachannya-litnoyi-formy-formuyetsya-rezerv-na-zymu/
The power supply of Zaporizhzhya NPPs has been restored
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/vidnovleno-elektrozhyvlennya-zaporizkoyi-aes/
From the helicopter, mortars and artillery, the army of the Russian Federation fired at Sumy and Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/z-gelikopteru-minometiv-ta-artyleriyi-armiya-rf-obstrilyala-sumshhynu-i-chernigivshhynu/
In Poland, a meeting of defense ministers of the Northern Group began: in focus - strengthening of Ukraine's defense capability
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/u-polshhi-pochalasya-zustrich-ministriv-oborony-krayin-pivnichnoyi-grupy-u-fokusi-zmicznennya-oborony-ukrayiny/
The royal brigade was knocked down by the Russian Mi-24 helicopter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/vijskovi-korolivskoyi-brygady-zbyly-rosijskyj-gelikopter-mi-24/
In the Black Sea, the carriers of Russian "calibers" were reduced
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/u-chornomu-mori-pomenshalo-nosiyiv-rosijskyh-kalibriv/
Ukrainian pilots are already training on F-16 aircraft-the head of European diplomacy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/ukrayinski-piloty-vzhe-trenuyutsya-na-litakah-f-16-glava-yevropejskoyi-dyplomatiyi/
NATO Assembly unanimously recognized Russian crimes against Ukraine genocide
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/asambleya-nato-odnostajno-vyznala-zlochyny-rf-proty-ukrayiny-genoczydom/
The EU increases the capacity of military production to support Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/yes-zbilshuye-potuzhnosti-vijskovogo-vyrobnycztva-dlya-pidtrymky-ukrayiny/
The Foreign Ministry has named three key tasks in working with Africa countries
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/u-mzs-nazvaly-try-klyuchovi-zavdannya-v-roboti-z-krayinamy-afryky/
More than 300 athletes participated in fencing competitions at the CSC of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/ponad-300-sportsmeniv-vzyaly-uchast-u-zmagannyah-z-fehtuvannya-na-bazi-czsk-zsu/
Ukraine needs to build cooperation with Northern Europe to strengthen security in the region - Tony Lawrence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/ukrayini-potribno-rozbudovuvaty-spivpraczyu-z-krayinamy-pivnichnoyi-yevropy-dlya-zmicznennya-bezpeky-v-regioni-toni-lourens/
Ukrainian defenders per day have destroyed more than 20 missiles of various types launched by Russian Federation in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-znyshhyly-ponad-20-raket-riznogo-typu-zapushhenyh-rf-po-ukrayini/
We add content for Ukraine from the NATO summit in Vilnius - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/shhotyzhnya-dodayemo-zmistu-dlya-ukrayiny-vid-samitu-nato-u-vilnyusi-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Fierce battles for Bakhmut and Marinka - the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces continue
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/tryvayut-zapekli-boyi-za-bahmut-ta-maryinku-gsh-zsu/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 8 beats on the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-8-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-osobovogo-skladu-ta-tehniky-rosiyan/
Kyiv(22:03). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46305
The missile troops and artillery of the Armed Forces destroyed three ammunition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/raketni-vijska-ta-artyleriya-zsu-znyshhyla-try-sklady-boyeprypasiv-rosiyan/
The enemy tries to capture the southwestern Bakhmut, our defense forces counterattack on flanks-Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/vorog-namagayetsya-zahopyty-pivdenno-zahidnu-chastynu-bahmuta-nashi-syly-oborony-kontratakuyut-okupanta-na-flangah-sergij-cherevatyj/
About the results of G7: the whole civilized world will continue to support Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/pro-pidsumky-g7-uves-czyvilizovanyj-svit-i-nadali-pidtrymuvatyme-ukrayinu/
Dmitry Kuleba's visit to Africa is another step of Ukraine to the implementation of the "peace formula" of Zelensky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/vizyt-dmytra-kuleby-do-afryky-shhe-odyn-krok-ukrayiny-do-vtilennya-formuly-myru-zelenskogo/
The cruelty of sexual crimes of the Russian Federation in Ukraine is a huge challenge for our society - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/seksualni-zlochyny-pid-chas-vijny-ye-systemnoyu-politykoyu-rosiyi-ganna-malyar/
On May 25-26, the 15th Annual Kyiv Security Forum will be held
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/25-26-travnya-vidbudetsya-15-j-shhorichnyj-kyyivskyj-bezpekovyj-forum/
The Commander of the Joint Forces of the Armed Forces signed a memorandum on the implementation of the Psychological Rehabilitation Program of the Military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/komanduvach-obyednanyh-syl-zsu-pidpysav-memorandum-shhodo-realizacziyi-programy-psyhologichnoyi-reabilitacziyi-vijskovyh/
In Britain, Ukrainian military is working out fire during defensive and offensive actions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/u-brytaniyi-ukrayinski-vijskovi-vidpraczovuyut-vedennya-vognyu-pid-chas-oboronnyh-ta-nastupalnyh-dij/
Sanctions against the Russian Federation as of May 22 - the SPR of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/sankcziyi-proty-rosijskoyi-federacziyi-stanom-na-22-travnya-szr-ukrayiny/
Short. War. Day 453. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/korotko-vijna-den-453-videodajdzhest/
Ukraine's ability to knock down "daggers" causes a psychological blow to Russia - Estonian military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712820-zdatnist-ukraini-zbivati-kindzali-zavdae-rosii-psihologicnogo-udaru-genstab-estonii.html
Ukraine can get a security guarantee agreement in July this year - WSJ
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712818-ukraina-moze-otrimati-ugodu-pro-garantii-bezpeki-v-lipni-cogo-roku-wsj.html
In the center of Belgorod there was an explosion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712817-u-centri-belgoroda-stavsa-vibuh.html
Russia's statement of sanctions against Poland is a propaganda game - Moravtsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712638-zaava-rosii-pro-sankcii-proti-polsi-e-propagandistskou-grou-moraveckij.html
Russia's statement of sanctions against Poland is a propaganda game - Moravtsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712638-zaava-rosii-pro-sankcii-proti-polsi-e-propagandistskou-grou-moraveckij.html
In the center of Belgorod there was an explosion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712817-u-centri-belgoroda-stavsa-vibuh.html
Ukraine can get a security guarantee agreement in July this year - WSJ
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712818-ukraina-moze-otrimati-ugodu-pro-garantii-bezpeki-v-lipni-cogo-roku-wsj.html
Ukraine's ability to knock down "daggers" causes a psychological blow to Russia - Estonian military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712820-zdatnist-ukraini-zbivati-kindzali-zavdae-rosii-psihologicnogo-udaru-genstab-estonii.html
Over the last month, the searchmen have been able to find 50 bodies of missing Ukrainians - Oleg Kotenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/za-ostannij-misyacz-poshukovczyam-vdalosya-znajty-50-til-znyklyh-bezvisty-ukrayincziv-oleg-kotenko/
总理讨论了国际货币基金组织在乌克兰与欧洲基金局长恢复乌克兰的作用。
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/23/premyer-ministr-obgovoryv-rol-mvf-u-vidnovlenni-ukrayiny-z-dyrektorom-yevropejskogo-departamentu-fondu/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====