乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-04-29

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

Poltavska Oblast(17:04). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/10937
Odeska Oblast(17:03). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilneodesa/22778
Chernihivska Oblast(09:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18008
Zaporizka Oblast, Donetsk Oblast(18:45). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cove...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43986
Sumska Oblast, Chernihivska Oblast(19:41). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take co...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43990
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(20:19). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/14858
Mykolaiv, Mykolaiv region, Kherson, Kherson region, Zaporizhzhya region, Poltava region ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43997
Donetsk Oblast(20:21). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43998
Sumska Oblast(01:06). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44010
Zaporizka Oblast(01:16). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12455
Donetsk Oblast, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(01:18). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sound...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44013
Poltavska Oblast(01:39). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44014
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(02:12). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44018
Donetsk Oblast(03:27). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44023
Occupation authorities in Sevastopol blame Ukrainian drone for the fire at oil depot
https://t.me/tass_agency/189918
According to occupation authorities fire at oil depot in Sevastopol is not threatening civili...
https://t.me/rusbrief/113047
The enemy concentrated offensive efforts in four directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/28/protyvnyk-zoseredyv-nastupalni-zusyllya-na-chotyroh-napryamkah/
Armyinform begins a project on the history of cooperation Ukraine - NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/28/armiyainform-rozpochynaye-proyekt-pro-istoriyu-spivpraczi-ukrayina-nato/
You can only stop terror and save people with weapons - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/28/zupynyty-teror-i-vryatuvaty-lyudej-mozhna-lyshe-zbroyeyu-prezydenta-ukrayiny/
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka, Nevske, Dibrova, Bilohorivka of Luhansk re...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4630
Naftogaz left the gas price for the population unchanged for another year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3702629-naftogaz-zalisiv-cinu-na-gaz-dla-naselenna-nezminnou-se-na-rik.html
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Bakhmut, Chrome, T ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4631
The invaders are far from the capture of the "Road of Life" to Bakhmut - Cherry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702628-zagarbniki-daleki-vid-zahoplenna-dorogi-zitta-do-bahmuta-cerevatij.html
JSC Avdiivka Directioz Rusian Army Shelled Novobakhmutivka, Novokalin, Avdiivka, Vodyan ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4632
Cherevaty: Bakhmut remains the main direction - in a day the Russians hit 528 times
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702429-cerevatij-bahmut-zalisaetsa-golovnim-napramkom-za-dobu-rosiani-vdarili-528-raziv.html
In Britain, Swedish instructors teach Ukrainian military fighting in urban development
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702597-u-britanii-svedski-instruktori-vcat-ukrainskih-vijskovih-vesti-boi-u-miskij-zabudovi.html
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Krasnohorivka, Maryinka, Pobyeda and Novomykhayliv...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4633
The invaders for eight times fired at Sumy and Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702616-rosiani-za-den-visim-raziv-obstrilali-sumsinu-ta-cernigivsinu.html
At Shaktarske Direction Russian Aviation conducted airstrikes at Vuhledar, prechystivtka and ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4634
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Malynivka, Zatyshshya, Mala Tokma...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4635
Hockey: The national team of Ukraine gave way to Japan and could not grow in class
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702624-hokej-zbirna-ukraini-postupilasa-aponii-i-ne-zmogla-pidvisitisa-v-klasi.html
In Russian Perm, a defensive enterprise was burning that the RSSU is producing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702626-u-rosijskij-permi-gorilo-oboronne-pidpriemstvo-ake-viroblae-artileriu.html
Trude about war in Ukraine: we all have to worry about it
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3702621-trudo-pro-vijnu-v-ukraini-mi-vsi-maemo-pro-ce-hviluvatisa.html
In the Austrian closter oysburg, the right populists and the Social Democrats were not glad to be Mayor Bucha
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3702618-v-avstrijskomu-klosternojburzi-pravi-populisti-ta-socialdemokrati-buli-ne-radi-meru-buci.html
The Netherlands has been sent to Ukraine for the third time to investigate war crimes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702619-niderlandi-vtrete-vidpravili-v-ukrainu-grupu-dla-rozsliduvanna-voennih-zlociniv.html
Rospropaganda released footage of a destroyed high -rise building in Uman for "Donbass firing"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702611-rospropaganda-vidala-kadri-zrujnovanoi-bagatopoverhivki-v-umani-za-obstril-donbasu.html
Ministry of Energy: Electricity tariffs will have to be increased
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3702603-minenergo-tarifi-na-elektriku-dovedetsa-zbilsiti.html
The spring and summer season began at the Kiev Zoo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3702613-u-kiivskomu-zooparku-rozpocavsa-vesnanolitnij-sezon.html
Zelensky thanked everyone who took part in a rescue operation in Uman
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3702609-zelenskij-podakuvav-usim-hto-vzav-ucast-u-ratuvalnij-operacii-v-umani.html
La Liga: Real Win 'Almeria in a productive match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702610-la-liga-real-peremig-almeriu-u-rezultativnomu-matci.html
Ukraine is preparing important steps to create a tribunal about Russian aggression crime
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702608-ukraina-gotue-vazlivi-kroki-po-stvorennu-tribunalu-sodo-zlocinu-rosijskoi-agresii.html
"Roma" and "Milan" exchanged goals in series A duel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702606-roma-i-milan-obminalisa-golami-u-poedinku-serii-a.html
In the British pub to found documents about atomic submarine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702602-u-vbiralni-britanskogo-pabu-znajsli-dokumenti-pro-atomnu-submarinu.html
Kostin thanked Slovakia for the creation of a special journey against
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3702513-kostin-podakuvav-slovaccini-za-stvorenna-spectribunalu-sodo-rosii.html
Not enough of Russia's weakness, it has to be responsible for everything committed - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702604-nedostatno-slabkosti-rosii-vona-mae-vidpovisti-za-vse-skoene-zelenskij.html
The Ukrainian Chukhajan won Venezuelaz Marko ahead of schedule
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702601-ukrainec-cuhadzan-dostrokovo-peremig-venesuelca-markano.html
In the capital of Afghanistan there was a march of women - they called not to recognize the Taliban
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702580-u-stolici-afganistanu-vidbuvsa-mars-zinok-zaklikali-ne-viznavati-urad-talibanu.html
Forward and Dawn Coach are the best in the 23rd round of UPL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702599-forvard-ta-trener-zori-najkrasi-u-23mu-turi-upl.html
To prepare for the heating season requires $ 3.4 billion - Ministry of Energy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3702598-dla-pidgotovki-do-opaluvalnogo-sezonu-potribno-34-milarda-minenergo.html
Ignati explained why Russia launches rockets from Caspia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702595-ignat-poasniv-comu-rosia-zapuskae-raketi-z-kaspiu.html
Ukrainian journalist Lukanov presented his novel published in the United States
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3702593-ukrainskij-zurnalist-lukanov-prezentuvav-svij-roman-vidanij-u-ssa.html
The Russian Federation has already released more than 1000 drones and missiles on Ukraine's energy objects
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3702594-rf-vze-vipustila-po-energoobektah-ukraini-ponad-1000-droniv-i-raket.html
The EU considers the possibility of giving more freedom to Member States in ammunition costs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702591-v-es-rozgladaut-mozlivist-nadanna-bilsoi-svobodi-krainamclenam-u-vitratah-na-boepripasi.html
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian aviation conducted airstrikes at Semen...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4628
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled Krasne First, Novomlinsk, Figolivka, two -year -old, with ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4629
Fire at oil depot in Sevastopol after suspected drone strike
https://t.me/vekha/64066
Chernihivska Oblast, Sumska Oblast(08:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take co...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44028
Donetsk Oblast(10:18). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44031
Zaporizka Oblast(10:23). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12459
Chernihivska Oblast(10:25). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44033
Sumska Oblast(10:30). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44036
General Staff of Armed Forces of Ukraine estimate Russian losses at 190040
https://t.me/lumsrc/4626
According to Russian media, 6 drones were involved in attack on oil depot in Sevastopol, but ...
https://t.me/shot_shot/50713
Russian army conducted 23 missile strikes, 36 airstrikes and 65 shelling with MLRS, - General...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4627
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4636
Donetsk Oblast(12:16). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44043
Donetsk Oblast(13:10). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44045
Donetsk Oblast(15:18). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44047
Missile blow to Uman: The hospital stays five victims, one - in serious condition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702405-raketnij-udar-po-umani-v-likarni-zalisautsa-patero-postrazdalih-odnih-v-tazkomu-stani.html
The symbol of faith in the return of the Ukrainian Fleet to the Crimea: the capital of the Navy was raised in the capital
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3702408-simvol-viri-u-povernenna-ukrainskogo-flotu-do-krimu-u-stolici-pidnali-prapori-vms.html
SpaceX launched two satellites of Luxembourg SES S.A.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3702413-spacex-vivela-na-orbitu-dva-suputniki-zvazku-luksemburzkoi-kompanii-ses-sa.html
She was convinced that Ukrainian flags will soon be overlooked over the Crimea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3702412-neizpapa-perekonanij-so-ukrainski-prapori-nevdovzi-znov-zamajorat-nad-krimom.html
624 farms and 105 homes remain flooded in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702410-v-ukraini-zalisautsa-pidtoplenimi-624-dvorogospodarstva-ta-105-budinkiv.html
In Kiev, the water level in the Dnieper a day has hardly changed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3702417-u-kievi-riven-vodi-v-dnipri-za-dobu-majze-ne-zminivsa.html
USAID has allocated another $ 1.25 billion to Ukraine's needs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3702424-usaid-vidililo-se-125-milarda-na-potrebi-ukraini.html
Kostyuk and Ruse without a game went to a paired quarterfinals of the WTA tournament in Spain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702421-kostuk-i-ruse-bez-gri-projsli-do-parnogo-cvertfinalu-turniru-wta-v-ispanii.html
Nemchinov told where they will take funds to increase the salary of civil servants in the frontline zone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3702422-nemcinov-rozpoviv-de-vizmut-kosti-na-pidvisenna-zarplati-derzsluzbovcam-u-prifrontovij-zoni.html
In Kiev presented the play "Mavka. Show ”based on cartoon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3702428-u-kievi-prezentuvali-vistavu-mavka-sou-za-motivami-multfilmu.html
Zlata Ognevich became a spokesman from Ukraine at Eurovision
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3702426-zlata-ognevic-stala-recniceu-vid-ukraini-na-evrobacenni.html
Zelensky about international aid during the war: there were times when we were brought
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702435-zelenskij-pro-miznarodnu-dopomogu-pid-cas-vijni-buli-momenti-koli-nas-pidvodili.html
Khmelnitsky Ova officials were exposed in the organization of a corruption scheme
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702430-posadovciv-hmelnickoi-ova-vikrili-v-organizacii-korupcijnoi-shemi.html
Three police officers were injured in Chernihiv region during the shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702436-na-cernigivsini-pid-cas-obstrilu-postrazdali-troe-policejskih.html
Zelensky told how he switched from war: a few hours night or in the morning to read something
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3702438-zelenskij-rozpoviv-ak-pereklucaetsa-vid-vijni-kilka-godin-vnoci-abo-zranku-sos-pocitati.html
Melitopol will appear in the USA in the US
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702441-u-melitopola-zavitsa-mistopobratim-u-ssa.html
In the center of the capital appeared a mural in honor of Hero of Ukraine Matsievsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3702444-u-centri-stolici-zavivsa-mural-na-cest-geroa-ukraini-macievskogo.html
Russia holds one rocket launcher in the Black Sea with eight "caliber"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702453-rosia-trimae-u-cornomu-mori-odin-raketonosij-z-vismoma-kalibrami.html
Basketball: Ukraine's pre-qualification tournament Ukraine will play in Turkey
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702448-basketbol-prekvalifikacijnij-turnir-olimpiadi-ukraina-zigrae-u-tureccini.html
Trukhanov told how to solve the problem of energy supply of Odessa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702450-truhanov-rozpoviv-akim-cinom-mozna-rozvazati-problemu-energopostacanna-odesi.html
Denis Molchanov lost the paired final of the ATP tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702454-denis-molcanov-prograv-parnij-final-turniru-atp-v-rimi.html
Zelensky: There is another wave of war where we are going to take the initiative
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702457-zelenskij-nastala-insa-hvila-vijni-de-mi-zbiraemos-zabrati-iniciativu.html
Georgia explained why they did not vote for the Ukrainian resolution in the PACE
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3702452-u-gruzii-poasnili-comu-ne-golosuvali-za-ukrainsku-rezoluciu-v-pare.html
The publications in the media for counter -offensive do not help the Ukrainian military - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702461-publikacii-u-zmi-sodo-kontrnastupu-ne-dopomagaut-ukrainskim-vijskovim-prezident.html
Olga Harlan won bronze at the fencing Grand Prix in Seoul
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702463-olga-harlan-vigrala-bronzu-na-etapi-granpri-z-fehtuvanna-u-seuli.html
The Czech President discusses the issue of reconstruction in Dnipropetrovsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3702465-prezident-cehii-obgovorue-na-dnipropetrovsini-pitanna-vidbudovi.html
Six Russian military will be tried for looting in Kyiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702466-sistoh-rosijskih-vijskovih-suditimut-za-maroderstvo-na-kiivsini.html
In Kolomyia, Easter eggs were presented with Mariupol symbols
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3702467-u-kolomii-predstavili-ekspoziciu-pisanok-iz-simvolami-mariupola.html
The US delegation arrived in Kiev - will sign an investment contract for business assistance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3702470-do-kieva-pribula-delegacia-ssa-pidpisut-dogovir-pro-investiciu-dla-dopomogi-biznesu.html
The Armed Forces for today destroyed three drones, including two "Shahda"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702475-zsu-za-sogodni-znisili-tri-bezpilotniki-zokrema-dva-sahedi.html
Iceland sees the potential for the development of geothermal energy in Ukraine - the Foreign Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3702476-islandia-bacit-potencial-dla-rozvitku-geotermalnoi-energetiki-v-ukraini-glava-mzs.html
Zelensky: Most of Russia is afraid of Putin who should stay alone with his people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3702480-zelenskij-najbilse-rosiu-boitsa-putin-akij-povinen-lisitisa-naodinci-zi-svoim-narodom.html
The State Secretariat warns of cyberattack with fake "operating system updates"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3702479-derzspeczvazku-poperedzae-pro-kiberataku-fejkovimi-onovlennami-operacijnoi-sistemi.html
Zelensky about counter-offensive: To begin with we will have F-16
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702486-zelenskij-pro-kontrnastup-pocnemo-do-togo-ak-u-nas-zavlatsa-f16.html
Zelenskaya advised a healthy sleep menu
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3702471-zelenska-poradila-menu-dla-zdorovogo-snu.html
Two more countries are ready to support Ukraine's accession to NATO - Dmytro Kuleba
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3702489-se-dvi-kraini-gotovi-pidtrimati-vstup-ukraini-do-nato-dmitro-kuleba.html
In Sevastopol 10 tanks with petroleum products for enemy fleet - GUR are destroyed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3702490-u-sevastopoli-zniseni-10-rezervuariv-z-naftoproduktami-dla-vorozogo-flotu-gur.html
The first restaurant of Ukrainian cuisine appeared in Washington
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3702491-u-vasingtoni-zavivsa-persij-restoran-ukrainskoi-kuhni.html
Sumska Oblast(20:48). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44051
When we go to the Crimean admrawal, the Russians will run from there - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3702493-koli-mi-vijdemo-na-adminmezu-z-krimom-rosiani-bigtimut-zvidti-prezident.html
Zorya won Chernomorets in the Ukrainian Football Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702494-zora-peremogla-cornomorec-u-cempionati-ukraini-z-futbolu.html
Lithuania handed over Land Rover to Ukraine and dry -ups
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702498-litva-peredala-ukraini-pozaslahoviki-land-rover-ta-suhpajki.html
Zelensky noted 419 servicemen awards, 105 of them posthumously
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702499-zelenskij-vidznaciv-nagorodami-419-vijskovosluzbovciv-iz-nih-105-posmertno.html
Shakhtar's youth team joined the Armed Forces ranks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702501-vorotar-unackoi-komandi-sahtara-priednavsa-do-lav-zsu.html
In Warsaw, the state building at the Embassy of the Russian Federation is removed from the state
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702503-u-varsavi-vilucaut-u-vlasnist-derzavi-budivlu-skoli-pri-posolstvi-rf.html
Conducting Ehro -2030 in Odessa can become a symbol of victory - ODA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702504-provedenna-ehro2030-v-odesi-moze-stati-simvolom-peremogi-oda.html
The MKIP commission surveyed 11 of 79 buildings in the territory of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3702506-komisia-mkip-obstezila-11-iz-79-korpusiv-na-teritorii-kievopecerskoi-lavri.html
In the Kharkiv region, a man exploded on an explosive device
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702510-u-harkivskij-oblasti-colovik-pidirvavsa-na-vibuhovomu-pristroi.html
Post -war reconstruction should be carried out according to updated building standards - Shuliak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3702511-povoenna-vidbudova-mae-zdijsnuvatisa-za-onovlenimi-budivelnimi-standartami-sulak.html
Ambassador of Ukraine to Germany called Berlin for new weapons deliveries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702507-posol-ukraini-u-nimeccini-zaklikav-berlin-do-novih-postavok-zbroi.html
Above the building of the Kiev Ova raised the flag of the Navy of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702515-nad-budivleu-kiivskoi-ova-pidnali-prapor-vijskovomorskih-sil-ukraini.html
Czech President visited the Dnieper dormitory for displaced persons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702517-prezident-cehii-vidvidav-u-dnipri-gurtozitok-dla-pereselenciv.html
Capting in PrivatBank: Non -cash payments plan to restore in a few hours
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3702525-u-privatbanku-stavsa-zbij-u-sistemi-bezgotivkovih-rozrahunkiv.html
UPL: Dnipro-1 has overcome Ingulets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702520-upl-dnipro1-zdolav-ingulec.html
The Odessa Regional Development Fund can receive almost ₴ 140 million - MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702522-fond-regionalnogo-rozvitku-odesini-moze-otrimati-majze-140-miljoniv-deputat.html
In Poland, Canadian instructors teach the Armed Forces of Ministry of Security
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702523-u-polsi-kanadski-instruktori-navcaut-bijciv-zsu-minnij-bezpeci.html
Donetsk Oblast(22:02). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44054
In Turkey, they decided with candidates for space journey
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3702528-u-tureccini-viznacilisa-z-kandidatami-na-kosmicnu-mandrivku.html
Pope met with Ukrainian refugees in Hungary
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702529-papa-rimskij-zustrivsa-iz-ukrainskimi-bizencami-v-ugorsini.html
Kovtun won two awards for COPs in Kaira's sports gymnastics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702534-kovtun-zdobuv-dvi-nagorodi-na-ks-zi-sportivnoi-gimnastiki-v-kairi.html
Russian troops fired the Belozersk community, there is a victim
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702535-rosijski-vijska-obstrilali-bilozersku-gromadu-e-zertva.html
The US Air Force declares the aggressive behavior of Russian pilots in Syria
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702531-u-vps-ssa-zaavlaut-pro-agresivnu-povedinku-pilotiv-rf-u-sirii.html
In Uman on the site of the rocket stroke completed the search operation, two are considered to be missing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702538-v-umani-na-misci-raketnogo-udaru-zaversili-posukovu-operaciu-dvoe-vvazautsa-zniklimi.html
Zelensky thanked Horizon Capital for raising $ 254 million for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3702540-zelenskij-podakuvav-horizon-capital-za-zalucenna-254-miljoniv-dla-ukraini.html
Metzola thanked Ukraine for its dedication to reforms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3702545-mecola-podakuvala-ukraini-za-viddanist-reformam.html
Texas had a shooting in the house, five dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702542-u-tehasi-stalasa-strilanina-v-budinku-patero-zagiblih.html
UPL: "Movement" and "Vorskla" shared points, "Kryvbas" overcame "Alexandria"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702546-upl-ruh-ta-vorskla-podilili-ocki-krivbas-zdolav-oleksandriu.html
Above the Black Sea noticed NATO reconnaissance aircraft
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702552-nad-cornim-morem-pomitili-rozviduvalnij-litak-nato.html
The U-18 national team with hockey retained registration in the IA Division
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702553-zbirna-ukraini-u18-z-hokeu-zberegla-propisku-u-divizioni-ia.html
Recovery Agency Prepare to finance the first object
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3702554-agentstvo-vidnovlenna-gotuetsa-profinansuvati-persij-obekt.html
Donetsk Oblast(23:32). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44058
In Ukraine on the last day of April, small rains are expected, up to +16 ° in the afternoon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702555-v-ukraini-v-ostannij-den-kvitna-ocikuutsa-neveliki-dosi-vden-do-16.html
2 person killed as result of shelling in Suzemka village of Briansk region
https://t.me/breakingmash/43616
In Bakhmut, border guards stopped trying to break the assault groups of Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702562-u-bahmuti-prikordonniki-zupinili-sprobi-prorivu-sturmovih-grup-rosian.html
International Judo Federation has admitted Russians and Belarus to international competitions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702563-miznarodna-federacia-dzudo-dopustila-rosian-ta-bilorusiv-do-miznarodnih-zmagan.html
Zelenskaya discussed with the students of the Ukrainian School of Political Studies theme of leadership during the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3702565-zelenska-obgovorila-zi-sluhacami-ukrainskoi-skoli-politstudij-temu-liderstva-pid-cas-vijni.html
In Odessa, the 105th anniversary of the Naval Flag of the Armed Forces was marked by an auto test
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702564-v-odesi-105ricca-vijskovomorskogo-prapora-zsu-vidznacili-avtoprobigom.html
The Defense Ministry checked the work of the VLK in the areas of combat operations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702550-u-minoboroni-perevirili-robotu-vlk-u-rajonah-bojovih-dij.html
Ukraine has updated partnership with Seeds for Ukraine initiative
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3702567-ukraina-onovila-partnerstvo-z-iniciativou-seeds-for-ukraine.html
The residents of the liberated territories were paid more than ₴ 396 million assistance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3702569-zitelam-zvilnenih-teritorij-viplatili-ponad-396-miljoniv-dopomogi.html
The State Recovery Agency is working on a project of reconstruction of the Reni - Dzhurguleshta CPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3702570-u-derzagentstvi-vidnovlenna-pracuut-nad-proektom-rekonstrukcii-kpp-reni-dzurdzulesti.html
Russia has applied for participation in World Cup 2023 with judo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702571-rosia-podala-zaavku-na-ucast-u-cs2023-z-dzudo.html
Privatbank resumed work after failure of non -cash payments system
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3702573-privatbank-vidnoviv-robotu-pisla-zbou-sistemi-bezgotivkovih-plateziv.html
Ponfra won the sprint race at the Azerbaijan Grand Prix
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702572-peres-vigrav-sprintersku-gonku-na-granpri-azerbajdzanu.html
The Ministry of Economy called who can export drones from Poland to Ukraine at a general permission
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3702575-u-minekonomiki-nazvali-hto-moze-eksportuvati-droni-z-polsi-v-ukrainu-za-zagalnim-dozvolom.html
Children from the occupied territories are exported to the Russian Federation under the pretext of "treatment" - Lugansk Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702577-ditej-z-okupovanih-teritorij-vivozat-u-rf-pid-privodom-likuvanna-luganska-ova.html
Ignatus: Planning a blow in the city center is already a crime against humanity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702578-ignat-planuvanna-udaru-po-centru-mista-vze-zlocin-proti-ludstva.html
In the area of Marinka, cases of refusal of Russians from participation in battles have increased
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702582-u-rajoni-marinki-pocastisali-vipadki-kolektivnoi-vidmovi-rosian-vid-ucasti-u-boah.html
During the shelling of Ukraine, the Russian Federation uses missiles made last fall and winter - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702583-pid-cas-obstriliv-ukraini-rf-vikoristovue-raketi-vigotovleni-minuloi-oseni-i-vzimku-ignat.html
On F-16 is ready to fight several dozen pilots-air forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702587-na-f16-vze-gotovi-vouvati-kilka-desatkiv-pilotiv-povitrani-sili.html
The Russians fired the community in Dnipropetrovsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702586-rosiani-obstrilali-gromadu-na-dnipropetrovsini.html
The EU considers the possibility of giving more freedom to Member States in ammunition costs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702591-v-es-rozgladaut-mozlivist-nadanna-bilsoi-svobodi-krainamclenam-u-vitratah-na-boepripasi.html
The Russian Federation has already released more than 1000 drones and missiles on Ukraine's energy objects
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3702594-rf-vze-vipustila-po-energoobektah-ukraini-ponad-1000-droniv-i-raket.html
Ukrainian journalist Lukanov presented his novel published in the United States
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3702593-ukrainskij-zurnalist-lukanov-prezentuvav-svij-roman-vidanij-u-ssa.html
Ignati explained why Russia launches rockets from Caspia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702595-ignat-poasniv-comu-rosia-zapuskae-raketi-z-kaspiu.html
To prepare for the heating season requires $ 3.4 billion - Ministry of Energy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3702598-dla-pidgotovki-do-opaluvalnogo-sezonu-potribno-34-milarda-minenergo.html
Forward and Dawn Coach are the best in the 23rd round of UPL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702599-forvard-ta-trener-zori-najkrasi-u-23mu-turi-upl.html
In the capital of Afghanistan there was a march of women - they called not to recognize the Taliban
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702580-u-stolici-afganistanu-vidbuvsa-mars-zinok-zaklikali-ne-viznavati-urad-talibanu.html
The Ukrainian Chukhajan won Venezuelaz Marko ahead of schedule
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702601-ukrainec-cuhadzan-dostrokovo-peremig-venesuelca-markano.html
Not enough of Russia's weakness, it has to be responsible for everything committed - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702604-nedostatno-slabkosti-rosii-vona-mae-vidpovisti-za-vse-skoene-zelenskij.html
Kostin thanked Slovakia for the creation of a special journey against
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3702513-kostin-podakuvav-slovaccini-za-stvorenna-spectribunalu-sodo-rosii.html
In the British pub to found documents about atomic submarine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702602-u-vbiralni-britanskogo-pabu-znajsli-dokumenti-pro-atomnu-submarinu.html
"Roma" and "Milan" exchanged goals in series A duel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702606-roma-i-milan-obminalisa-golami-u-poedinku-serii-a.html
Ukraine is preparing important steps to create a tribunal about Russian aggression crime
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702608-ukraina-gotue-vazlivi-kroki-po-stvorennu-tribunalu-sodo-zlocinu-rosijskoi-agresii.html
La Liga: Real Win 'Almeria in a productive match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702610-la-liga-real-peremig-almeriu-u-rezultativnomu-matci.html
Zelensky thanked everyone who took part in a rescue operation in Uman
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3702609-zelenskij-podakuvav-usim-hto-vzav-ucast-u-ratuvalnij-operacii-v-umani.html
The spring and summer season began at the Kiev Zoo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3702613-u-kiivskomu-zooparku-rozpocavsa-vesnanolitnij-sezon.html
Ministry of Energy: Electricity tariffs will have to be increased
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3702603-minenergo-tarifi-na-elektriku-dovedetsa-zbilsiti.html
Rospropaganda released footage of a destroyed high -rise building in Uman for "Donbass firing"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702611-rospropaganda-vidala-kadri-zrujnovanoi-bagatopoverhivki-v-umani-za-obstril-donbasu.html
The Netherlands has been sent to Ukraine for the third time to investigate war crimes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702619-niderlandi-vtrete-vidpravili-v-ukrainu-grupu-dla-rozsliduvanna-voennih-zlociniv.html
In the Austrian closter oysburg, the right populists and the Social Democrats were not glad to be Mayor Bucha
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3702618-v-avstrijskomu-klosternojburzi-pravi-populisti-ta-socialdemokrati-buli-ne-radi-meru-buci.html
Trude about war in Ukraine: we all have to worry about it
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3702621-trudo-pro-vijnu-v-ukraini-mi-vsi-maemo-pro-ce-hviluvatisa.html
In Russian Perm, a defensive enterprise was burning that the RSSU is producing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702626-u-rosijskij-permi-gorilo-oboronne-pidpriemstvo-ake-viroblae-artileriu.html
Hockey: The national team of Ukraine gave way to Japan and could not grow in class
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702624-hokej-zbirna-ukraini-postupilasa-aponii-i-ne-zmogla-pidvisitisa-v-klasi.html
The invaders for eight times fired at Sumy and Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702616-rosiani-za-den-visim-raziv-obstrilali-sumsinu-ta-cernigivsinu.html
In Britain, Swedish instructors teach Ukrainian military fighting in urban development
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702597-u-britanii-svedski-instruktori-vcat-ukrainskih-vijskovih-vesti-boi-u-miskij-zabudovi.html
The invaders are far from the capture of the "Road of Life" to Bakhmut - Cherry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702628-zagarbniki-daleki-vid-zahoplenna-dorogi-zitta-do-bahmuta-cerevatij.html
Naftogaz left the gas price for the population unchanged for another year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3702629-naftogaz-zalisiv-cinu-na-gaz-dla-naselenna-nezminnou-se-na-rik.html
Government will attract another UAH 1.3 billion to support business under the EBOBT program
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/uryad-zaluchyt-shhe-13-mlrd-grn-dlya-pidtrymky-biznesu-za-programoyu-yerobota/
For those who make the decision to evacuate, temporary housing is enough - Irina Vereshchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/dlya-tyh-hto-pryjmaye-rishennya-evakuyuvatysya-tymchasovogo-zhytla-vystachyt-iryna-vereshhuk/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy considers the creation of a national pantheon of Heroes of Ukraine in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/volodymyr-zelenskyj-vvazhaye-aktualnym-stvorennya-u-kyyevi-naczionalnogo-panteonu-geroyiv-ukrayiny/
Three fighters who fought against Ukraine will spend 12 years behind bars
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/troye-bojovykiv-yaki-voyuvaly-proty-ukrayiny-provedut-12-rokiv-za-gratamy/
Three fighters who fought against Ukraine will spend 12 years behind bars
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/troye-bojovykiv-yaki-voyuvaly-proty-ukrayiny-provedut-12-rokiv-za-gratamy/
Croatia adopted for the treatment of Ukrainian defenders and their families
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/horvatiya-pryjnyala-na-likuvannya-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv-ta-chleniv-yihnih-simej/
Kherson Guards found and eliminated Russian UAV Zala 421
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/hersonski-gvardijczi-vyyavyly-ta-znyshhyly-rosijskyj-bpla-zala-421/
Our aviation has made 5 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/nasha-aviacziya-zavdala-5-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
Bakhmut and Marinka remain at the epicenter of hostilities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/bahmut-ta-maryinka-zalyshayutsya-v-epiczentri-bojovyh-dij/
Sicheslav paratroopers destroyed two Russian BMP-2 in Luhansk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/sicheslavski-desantnyky-znyshhyly-dvi-rosijski-bmp-2-na-luganshhyni/
The enemy retains military presence in border areas with Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/vorog-zberigaye-vijskovu-prysutnist-u-prykordonnyh-z-ukrayinoyu-rajonah-3/
Military Russian Federation is discussing the opportunity to buy drugs - intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/vijskovi-rf-obgovoryuyut-mozhlyvist-prydbaty-narkotyky-perehoplennya-gur/
The occupiers intensified filtration measures in the temporarily captured territory of Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/okupanty-posylyly-filtraczijni-zahody-na-tymchasovo-zahoplenij-terytoriyi-hersonshhyny/
Enemy Loss per day: About 580 invaders were eliminated, 3 tanks were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-blyzko-580-okupantiv-znyshheno-3-tanka/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-4/
"Correct Actions when Air Alarm Signals should become a habit of Ukrainians" - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/pravylni-diyi-pry-sygnalah-povitryanoyi-tryvogy-mayut-staty-zvychkoyu-ukrayincziv-nataliya-gumenyuk/
475 children were killed in Ukraine as a result of armed aggression of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/475-ditej-zagynulo-v-ukrayini-vnaslidok-zbrojnoyi-agresiyi-rf/
The enemy is substantially nervous how accurate our hit - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/vorog-suttyevo-znervovanyj-tym-naskilky-tochnymy-ye-nashi-vluchannya-nataliya-gumenyuk/
The enemy troops fired 11 times the border of Chernihiv and Sumy region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/vorozhi-vijska-11-raziv-obstrilyaly-prykordonnya-chernigivshhyny-ta-sumshhyny/
Government optimized the reservation procedure
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/uryad-optymizuvav-proczeduru-bronyuvannya-vijskovozobovyazanyh/
Mariupol is destroyed by over 90% – President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/mariupol-zrujnovanyj-na-ponad-90-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Our doctors are fighters who stand around the clock at the front of the struggle for life and health - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/nashi-medyky-bijczi-yaki-stoyat-czilodobovo-na-fronti-borotby-za-zhyttya-i-zdorovya-ganna-malyar/
The enemy is forced to change tactics and feels a projectile and rocket famine - Peter Chernik
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/vorog-zmushenyj-zminyuvaty-taktyku-j-vidchuvaye-snaryadnyj-ta-raketnyj-golod-petro-chernyk/
During the day pyrotechnic units of the SESS disposed 408 explosive objects, surveyed 122 hectares of territory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/protyagom-doby-pirotehnichni-pidrozdily-dsns-zneshkodyly-408-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-obstezhyly-122-gektary-terytoriyi/
It was reported suspicion to six more citizens for participating in a pseudo -referendum in Kherson and Luhansk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-shhe-shistom-gromadyanam-za-uchast-u-psevdoreferendumi-na-hersonshhyni-ta-luganshhyni/
There are 12 enemy ships in the Black Sea, including 1 carpet carriage missiles "Caliber"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/u-chornomu-mori-na-bojovomu-cherguvanni-znahodytsya-12-vorozhyh-korabliv-sered-yakyh-1-nosij-krylatyh-raket-kalibr/
The President of Ukraine in an interview with foreign media about Russian aggression, counter -offensive of Ukraine and supply of equipment from partners
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/prezydent-ukrayiny-v-intervyu-inozemnym-zmi-pro-rosijsku-agresiyu-kontrnastup-ukrayiny-ta-postachannya-tehniky-vid-partneriv/
Statements of enemies that they control the routes on Bakhmut are not true - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/zayavy-vorogiv-shho-vony-kontrolyuyut-trasy-na-bahmut-ne-vidpovidayut-dijsnosti-sergij-cherevatyj/
In the center of the capital appeared a mural with the inscription "Glory to Ukraine. Heroes of Glory ”, dedicated to the memory of all those killed during the war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/u-czentri-stolyczi-zyavyvsya-mural-iz-napysom-slava-ukrayini-geroyam-slava-prysvyachenyj-pamyati-vsih-zagyblyh-pid-chas-vijny/
Volodymyr Zelensky met with Horizon Capital management and investors, which raised more than $ 250 million for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/volodymyr-zelenskyj-zustrivsya-iz-kerivnycztvom-ta-investoramy-horizon-capital-yaka-zibrala-ponad-250-mln-dlya-ukrayiny/
Our defenders in a day destroyed three drones, including two types of shahd
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/nashi-zahysnyky-za-dobu-znyshhyly-try-bezpilotnyky-sered-yakyh-dva-typu-shahed/
The President of Ukraine honored 419 servicemen awards, 105 of them posthumously
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/prezydent-ukrayiny-vidznachyv-nagorodamy-419-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-iz-nyh-105-posmertno/
In Khmelnitsky on the eve of the holiday, border guards were honored
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/u-hmelnyczkomu-naperedodni-svyata-vshanuvaly-prykordonnykiv/
Canadian instructors teach our warriors mine safety in Poland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/kanadski-instruktory-navchayut-nashyh-voyiniv-minnij-bezpeczi-u-polshhi/
The FM army can be listened to in four cities of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/vidsogodni-armiya-fm-mozhna-sluhaty-shhe-u-chotyroh-mistah-ukrayiny/
Our defenders per day repelled over 40 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/nashi-zahysnyky-za-dobu-vidbyly-ponad-40-vorozhyh-atak/
Rashists refuse massively to participate in hostilities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/okupanty-masovo-vidmovlyayutsya-vid-uchasti-u-bojovyh-diyah/
Today the naval flag of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Zamayorov in dozens of cities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/sogodni-vijskovo-morskyj-prapor-zs-ukrayiny-zamajoriv-u-desyatkah-mist/
Ukrainian aviation per day has struck 3 strokes in hostile positions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/ukrayinska-aviacziya-za-dobu-zavdala-3-udary-po-vorozhyh-pozycziyah/
The movement forward is always where there is healthy competition - Hero of Ukraine Igor Gordiychuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/ruh-upered-zavzhdy-tam-de-ye-zdorova-konkurencziya-geroj-ukrayiny-igor-gordijchuk/
In Crimea, the occupiers were strengthened by police posts by FSB employees of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/v-krymu-okupanty-pidsylyly-posty-policziyi-spivrobitnykamy-fsb-rf/
"Our defenders have fallen to live" - in Kharkiv state awards received native Ukrainian military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/nashi-zahysnyky-polyagly-aby-zhyly-my-u-harkovi-derzhavni-nagorody-otrymaly-ridni-zagyblyh-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/
It is not enough for Russia to be weak, it is necessary for it to respond to everything - the appeal of the President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/nedostatno-lyshe-togo-shhob-rosiya-bula-slabkoyu-treba-shhob-vona-vidpovila-za-vse-skoyene-zvernennya-prezydenta-ukrayiny/
More than UAH 396 million have already been paid to residents of liberated territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/zhytelyam-zvilnenyh-terytorij-vzhe-vyplacheno-ponad-396-miljoniv-gryven-groshovoyi-dopomogy/
Lithuania handed over Land Rover to Ukraine and dry -ups
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/lytva-peredala-ukrayini-pozashlyahovyky-land-rover-ta-suhpajky/
"Explosions in Sevastopol - the punishment of God for Uman!" - Andriy Yusov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/vybuhy-v-sevastopoli-%e2%80%95-kara-bozha-za-uman-andrij-yusov/
International partners will help grow crops in de -industrial territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/mizhnarodni-partnery-dopomagatymut-vyroshhuvaty-urozhaj-na-deokupovanyh-terytoriyah/
Chernihivska Oblast(20:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18079
Barcelona defeated Betis in La League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702630-barselona-rozgromila-betis-v-la-lizi.html
Poland intensifies the border near the Kaliningrad region of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702477-polsa-posilue-kordon-poblizu-kaliningradskoi-oblasti-rosii.html
Poland intensifies the border near the Kaliningrad region of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702477-polsa-posilue-kordon-poblizu-kaliningradskoi-oblasti-rosii.html
Barcelona defeated Betis in La League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702630-barselona-rozgromila-betis-v-la-lizi.html

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====