乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-09

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

JSC Sivershchyna And Slobozhanshchina Directions Rusian Army Shelled Orlikivka, Timonovichi, with ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4718
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Krasne Pershe, Fyholivka, Novomlynsk, Zapadne, Lym...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4719
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Krasne Pershe, Fyholivka, Novomlynsk, Zapadne, Lym...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4719
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Stelmakhivka, Makiyivka and Nevske of Luhansk region ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4720
Aus Bakhmut Directive Russian Army Shelled Zalizyansk, Orekhovo-Vasilyevka, Novomarkov, Mark ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4721
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Kerramik, Novokalin, reed, Berdyshi, Avdie ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4722
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Kurakhov And Vesed ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4723
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Kurakhov And Vesed ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4723
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novomikhailivka, Katerynivka, Elizabeth, Wu ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4724
Zaporizka Oblast(20:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/08-may-zaporizka-oblast2047-red-alert-aerial-g
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(22:52). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44813
Donetsk Oblast(23:55). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44816
Zaporizhzhya region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region (02: ZZ). Red Aller ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44820
Poltavska Oblast(02:33). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/11072
Odesa region, Sumy region, Mykolaiv, Mykolaiv region, Donetsk region (02:35). Red Alrt ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44825
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(02:35). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44826
Kyiv(03:04). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44829
Chernihivska Oblast(03:06). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18392
Kyiv Oblast(03:07). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44835
Khmelnytska Oblast(03:25). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44836
Chernivetska Oblast(03:26). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44837
Lviv, Lviv region, Ternopil, Ternopil region, Ivano-Frankivsk, Ivano-Frankivsk region, ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44843
Donetsk Oblast(05:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44869
"There is a disaster now, but the worst is ahead" - Alexey Danilov about Russia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/zaraz-vidbuvayetsya-katastrofa-ta-najgirshe-poperedu-oleksij-danilov-pro-rosiyu/
Delayed life syndrome - the Ministry of Health published advice to Ukrainians during the war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/syndrom-vidkladenogo-zhyttya-moz-opublikuvalo-porady/
Charity exhibition of paintings and military trophies "On the verge of life" starts in Krakow
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/blagodijna-vystavka-na-mezhi-zhyttya/
Ukrainian electronic signatures and seals on digital documents can be checked in EU member states
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/ukrayinski-elektronni-pidpysy-ta-pechatky-na-czyfrovyh-dokumentah-mozhut-pereviryaty-v-derzhavah-chlenah-yes/
We will start our counter -offensive. And when it happens, Russia will be in a panic - Vladimir Gavrilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/my-pochnemo-nash-kontrnastup-volodymyr-gavrylov/
The marathon "Unbreakable Bucha: with Ukraine in the heart" took place in the Kyiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/na-kyyivshhyni-vidbuvsya-marafon-nezlamna-bucha-z-ukrayinoyu-v-serczi/
There are several hundred women servicemen in the Russian captivity-coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/dekilka-soten-zhinok-vijskovyh-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
Our aircraft during the day struck eight blows on the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/nasha-aviacziya-protyagom-doby-zavdala-visim-udariv-po-vorogu-2/
Divisions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/pidrozdily-raketnyh-vijsk-i-artyleriyi-syl-oborony-urazyly-dva-punkty-upravlinnya/
The invaders carry out the "evacuation" of the residents of the temporarily occupied Tokmak
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/okupanty-provodyat-evakuacziyu-meshkancziv-tymchasovo-okupovanogo-tokmaka/
Eliminated all the "chess" of the enemy: the General Staff told about the consequences of Russian rocket and aviation strikes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/likviduvaly-vsi-shahedy-voroga-genshtab/
55 invaders' attacks are reflected on the Eastern Front: heavy battles continue for Bakhmut and Marinka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/na-shidnomu-fronti-vidbyto-55-atak-okupantiv-vazhki-boyi-tryvayut-za-bahmut-i-maryinku/
The large -scale invasion of Russia into Ukraine united by NATO - Josep Borrel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/obyednalo-nato-zhozep-borrel/
Dozens of Dronov-Kamikadze At night attacked the Kyiv region with a score of 35: 0 in favor of air defense of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/desyatky-droniv-kamikadze-vnochi-atakuvaly-kyyivshhynu/
Will there be exacerbation on May 9 - Anna painter's explanation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/chy-bude-zagostrennya-na-9-travnya-rozyasnennya-ganny-malyar/
Ukrainian defenders eliminated more than 500 invaders, destroyed 7 tanks and 8 artistem
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-likviduvaly-ponad-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-7-tankiv-i-8-artsystem/
Today is celebrated Memorial and Reconciliation Day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/sogodni-vidznachayetsya-den-pamyati-ta-prymyrennya/
Russians have a tactical task to capture Marinka and block the logistics supply of Avdiivka - Valery Shershen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/rosiyany-mayut-taktychne-zavdannya-zahopyty-maryinku-ta-zablokuvaty-logistychne-postachannya-avdiyivky-valerij-shershen/
The Verkhovna Rada discussed the issues of financial security and payment of additional remuneration to the military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/robocha-grupa-obgovoryla-pytannya-groshovogo-zabezpechennya-ta-vyplaty-dodatkovoyi-vynagorody-vijskovym/
German Ambassador on Pam ’
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/posol-nimechchyny-u-den-pamyati-ta-prymyrennya-vidvidala-selo-moshhun/
Cherkasy region has considerable potential for relocked business - Ova Chairman
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706919-cerkasina-mae-znacnij-potencial-dla-relokovanogo-biznesu.html
In Canada through forest fires stopped oil and natural gas production
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706804-u-kanadi-cerez-lisovi-pozezi-zupinili-vidobutok-nafti-i-prirodnogo-gazu.html
The capital will hold free excursions to Europe Day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3706902-u-stolici-provedut-bezkostovni-ekskursii-do-dna-evropi.html
Pentagon confirmed that the Patriot system in Ukraine has shot down the Russian "dagger"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707061-pentagon-pidtverdiv-so-sistema-patriot-v-ukraini-zbila-rosijskij-kindzal.html
In Frankivsk, a kidney transplant from a posthumous donor was carried out
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706695-u-frankivsku-proveli-transplantaciu-nirki-vid-posmertnogo-donora.html
"Real" played a draw with Manchester City in the first match of 1/2 finals of the UEFA Champions League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707060-real-zigrav-vniciu-z-mancester-siti-u-persomu-matci-12-finalu-ligi-cempioniv-uefa.html
At Eurovision-2023, voting for the first ten finalists began
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3707059-evrobacenna-2023-pocalosa-golosuvanna-za-persu-desatku-finalistiv.html
"Motor" gave way to the Second Bundesliga match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707057-motor-postupivsa-u-matci-drugoi-bundesligi.html
A coalition for the creation of a special -threshold for the Russian Federation urged the world to support the Ukrainian formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3707058-koalicia-zi-stvorenna-spectribunalu-dla-rf-zaklikala-svit-pidtrimati-ukrainsku-formulu-miru.html
Odesa -Reni's Movement will be complicated by the end of the week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707054-ruhu-trasou-odesa-reni-bude-uskladnenij-do-kinca-tizna.html
Zelensky: Without a victory over Nazism on May 8 would not have been Europe's day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707052-zelenskij-bez-peremogi-nad-nacizmom-8-travna-ne-bulo-b-dna-evropi.html
Defense forces in Donetsk destroyed the rb of Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707051-sili-oboroni-na-doneccini-znisili-reb-rosian.html
Export dispute with the EU will be resolved within the current contractual base - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707048-eksportna-superecka-z-es-virisitsa-u-mezah-cinnoi-dogovirnoi-bazi-prezident.html
FBI has disposed of the Snake Narchable Programs used by the Russian FSB
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707049-fbr-zneskodila-merezu-skidlivih-program-snake-aki-vikoristovue-rosijska-fsb.html
Yastremskaya will play with the Russian at the base of the tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707047-astremska-zigrae-z-rosiankou-v-osnovi-turniru-u-rimi.html
Zelensky thanked the French Parliament for recognition of Wagner PEC terrorists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707046-zelenskij-podakuvav-parlamentu-francii-za-viznanna-pvk-vagner-teroristami.html
In Mariupol, the army of the Russian Federation destroyed more than 1100 houses - the City Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706980-u-mariupoli-armia-rf-znisila-ponad-1100-budinkiv-miskrada.html
The President invited European students to join Ukraine's rebuilding
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3707042-zelenskij-zaprosiv-evropejskih-studentiv-dolucitisa-do-vidbudovi-ukraini.html
The new assistance package of Ukraine is designed for the long term - Pentagon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707041-novij-paket-dopomogi-ukraini-rozrahovanij-na-dovgostrokovu-perspektivu-pentagon.html
The Frontwar of the Ukrainian band The Hardkiss Yulia Sanina opened the first semi -final of Eurovision
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3707045-frontvumen-ukrainskogo-gurtu-the-hardkiss-ulia-sanina-vidkrila-persij-pivfinal-evrobacenna.html
Zelensky: Only a matter of time when we can restore a fair peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707040-zelenskij-lise-pitanna-casu-koli-mi-zmozemo-vidnoviti-spravedlivij-mir.html
Liverpool started the first Eurovision semi -final 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3706972-u-liverpuli-startuvav-persij-pivfinal-evrobacenna-2023.html
Zelensky spoke to the Alliance of European Universities Euniwell
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707039-zelenskij-vistupiv-pered-studentami-alansu-evropejskih-universitetiv-euniwell.html
Eurovision-2023: TVORCHI launched a manifesto calling for support Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3707037-evrobacenna2023-tvorchi-zapustili-manifest-iz-zaklikom-prodovziti-pidtrimku-ukrainu.html
Blinken about the grain agreement: There is no need to convince the Russian Federation so that it does not turn food into weapons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707035-blinken-pro-zernovu-ugodu-godi-svitovi-perekonuvati-rf-abi-vona-ne-peretvoruvala-izu-na-zbrou.html
Schwinsteiger and Ivanovich had a third child
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707034-u-svajnstajgera-ta-ivanovic-narodilasa-treta-ditina.html
If Russia is not stopped now, the world will pay more expensive price - the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Britain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707032-akso-rosiu-ne-zupiniti-zaraz-svit-zaplatit-dorozcu-cinu-glava-mzs-britanii.html
In the Netherlands before Europe, an event was held in support of artists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3707028-u-niderlandah-do-dna-evropi-vidbuvsa-zahid-na-pidtrimku-mitciv.html
The Russians twice a day fired the border of Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707025-rosiani-dvici-za-den-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini.html
The military in Donetsk rescued 5 tons of books with libraries destroyed by Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3706983-vijskovi-na-doneccini-vratuvali-5-tonn-knizok-zi-znisenih-rosianami-bibliotek.html
Ukrainian air defense shot down 23 of 25 cruise missiles launched by Russia overnight
https://t.me/kpszsu/2509
Debris of a missile caused minor fire at private residence overnight, no hits
https://t.me/corona_kyiv/4823
Donetsk Oblast(08:17). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44871
President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen arrived in Kyiv
https://t.me/lachentyt/29108
Donetsk Oblast(10:01). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44873
Russian army conducted 30 missile strikes, 61 airstrikes and 89 shelling with MLRS, - General...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4727
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4736
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Novosilka, Zelene Pole,...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4735
Zaporizka Oblast(10:49). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44875
Shelling reported in Spodaryushino village of Graivoron district of Belgorod region
https://t.me/rusbrief/115522
Putin claims 'real war' unleashed against Russia during Victory Day speech
https://twitter.com/KyivIndependent/status/1655855790626930688
Donetsk Oblast(11:48). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44877
Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Zaporizhzhya region (12: ZH). Red Aller ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44882
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(12:41). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44884
Donetsk Oblast(13:52). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44891
Explosion between Zhdanivka and Yenakieve
https://twitter.com/hochu_dodomu/status/1655904628393799680
The UN says there have been no inspections of ships as part of the of the Black Sea Grain Ini...
https://twitter.com/kylieatwood/status/1655902646249594880
Chief of Wagner PMC mercenaries Prigozhin: Absolutely everything is being done by the high mi...
https://t.me/rusbrief/115584
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Zaporizhzhya region, Donetsk region (14:42). Red Alrt: Aerial Tx ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44895
The Ukrainian Foreign Ministry called the visit of the Prime Minister of Armenia and the pres...
https://t.me/suspilnenews/20576
Zelensky called the restrictions on the export of Ukrainian grain to the EU "absolutely unacc...
https://twitter.com/radiosvoboda/status/1655927691995152386
The Pentagon has announced a new military aid package to Ukraine. This package, which totals ...
https://twitter.com/vmsalama/status/1655926665103507458
Sumska Oblast(15:59). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/09-may-sumska-oblast1559-red-alert-aerial-thrg
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(16:36). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44902
Donetsk Oblast(19:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44905
Russian army attacked Nikopol district several times today. Myrivske community was shelled wi...
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/41516
AFP: We are devastated to learn of the death of AFP video journalist Arman Soldin in eastern ...
https://twitter.com/AFP/status/1655991467968430084
Chernihivska Oblast(20:26). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18420
Sumska Oblast(20:28). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44907
Zaporizka Oblast(21:40). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44912
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(21:50). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/15263
Ukrainians held a protest near the Russian Embassy in Seoul
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3706871-ukrainci-proveli-akciu-protestu-bila-rosijskogo-posolstva-v-seuli.html
Switzerland conducted one of the largest military exercises over 30 years
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706882-svejcaria-provela-odni-z-najbilsih-vijskovih-navcan-za-30-rokiv.html
"Euro-Reconstruction" begins supplying hot water to the houses of Kyivans after testing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3706870-evrorekonstrukcia-rozpocinae-podacu-garacoi-vodi-do-budinkiv-kian-pisla-viprobuvan.html
Prozorro increases the number of competitive purchases
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706872-prozorro-zbilsue-kilkist-konkurentnih-zakupivel.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
Suns called Putin the only responsible for invasion of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706874-sunak-nazvav-putina-edinim-vidpovidalnim-za-vtorgnenna-v-ukrainu.html
Sumy region named priority objects for recovery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3706876-na-sumsini-nazvali-persocergovi-obekti-dla-vidnovlenna.html
Europe should not forget about Russian aggression - SHOLC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706875-evropa-ne-povinna-zabuvati-pro-rosijsku-agresiu-solc.html
Exports of agricultural products from seaports in a week decreased by 10% - UKAB
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706877-eksport-agroprodukcii-z-morskih-portiv-za-tizden-skorotivsa-na-10-ukab.html
In Mariupol, the flag of Ukraine was hung on the Russians destroyed by the building of the Palace of Culture
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706878-u-mariupoli-vivisili-prapor-ukraini-na-zrujnovanij-rosianami-budivli-palacu-kulturi.html
US is allocated to Ukraine a new military assistance package worth $ 1.2 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706891-ssa-vidilaut-ukraini-novij-paket-vijskovoi-dopomogi-na-sumu-12-milarda-pentagon.html
Shmigal discussed from von der Liaen exports of Ukrainian agricultural products to the EU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706889-smigal-obgovoriv-z-fon-der-laen-eksport-ukrainskoi-agroprodukcii-do-es.html
In Kiev presented a documentary and a book "Blood -fastened"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3706893-u-kievi-prezentuvali-dokumentalnij-film-ta-knigu-skripleni-krovu.html
In Lviv, surgeons removed the woman with a tumor weighing 13 kilograms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706894-u-lvovi-hirurgi-vidalili-zinci-puhlinu-vagou-13-kilogramiv.html
Air defense is active in Dnipro city amid new Russian attack with drones
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/51871
Kostyuk and sisters Kichenok will play in a steam grid of tournament WTA in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706896-kostuk-i-sestri-kicenok-zigraut-u-parnij-sitci-turniru-wta-u-rimi.html
Government creates coordination centers for civilian support
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3706901-urad-shvaliv-utvorenna-koordinacijnih-centriv-z-pidtrimki-civilnogo-naselenna.html
The occupiers check anyone who leaves Crimea through the bridge - Chubarov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3706907-zagarbniki-pereviraut-koznogo-hto-viizdzae-z-krimu-cerez-mist-cubarov.html
Ukrainian street musicians will play for Liverpool passengers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3706903-ukrainski-vulicni-muzikanti-gratimut-dla-pasaziriv-liverpula.html
Liz Tras will visit Taiwan next week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706909-liz-trass-vidvidae-tajvan-nastupnogo-tizna.html
In Kiev, an exhibition was opened for helping the culture of Ukraine from the EU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3706908-u-kievi-vidkrili-vistavku-pro-dopomogu-kulturi-ukraini-vid-es.html
In Lithuania on the Day of Remembrance and Reconciliation put flowers at the Shevchenko monument
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3706892-u-litvi-ukrainci-u-den-pamati-ta-primirenna-poklali-kviti-do-pamatnika-sevcenku.html
Poltavska Oblast(23:08). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/11083
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(23:10). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44915
Explosions reported in Kramatorsk district
https://t.me/war_monitor/7204
The mission of the World Bank Technical Assistance has started in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706912-v-ukraini-rozpocala-robotu-misia-tehnicnoi-dopomogi-svitovogo-banku.html
The body of the Russian pilot was discovered in the Kiev reservoir
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706913-u-kiivskomu-vodoshovisi-viavili-tilo-rosijskogo-pilota.html
China's Foreign Minister: We will not pour out "Oils in the Fire" of the Ukrainian Crisis
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706915-glava-mzs-kitau-mi-ne-budemo-pidlivati-masla-u-vogon-ukrainskoi-krizi.html
NAPC has temporarily restricted access to the Declaration Register
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3706916-nazk-timcasovo-obmeziv-dostup-do-reestru-deklaracij.html
Determined Arbitrators of the 1/2 finals of the Europa League and the UEFA Conference League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706918-viznacilisa-arbitri-matciv-12-finalu-ligi-evropi-ta-ligi-konferencij-uefa.html
In Estonia, Swift Resunse 2023 military exercises began under the auspices of the United States
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706923-v-estonii-rozpocalisa-vijskovi-navcanna-swift-response-2023-pid-egidou-ssa.html
Drivers from "living" queue after starting an electronic do not lose their seats at checkpoints - Nayem
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706927-vodii-z-zivoi-cergi-pisla-zapusku-elektronnoi-ne-vtracaut-svoi-misca-na-punktah-propusku-najem.html
The government has divided defense products into two groups to facilitate purchasing - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706931-urad-rozpodiliv-oboronnu-produkciu-na-dvi-grupi-dla-polegsenna-zakupivli-smigal.html
Stephanyshina told what format Zelensky can take part in the NATO Vilnius Summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706930-stefanisina-rozpovila-v-akomu-formati-zelenskij-moze-vzati-ucast-u-vilnuskomu-samiti-nato.html
Xi Jinping did not congratulate Putin since May 9
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706928-si-czinpin-ne-privitav-putina-z-9-travna.html
Zelensky led the summit of the main group on the creation of a special -wheelchair with 37 participants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706934-zelenskij-ocoliv-samit-osnovnoi-grupi-zi-stvorenna-spectribunalu-z-37-ucasnikami.html
Shmigal: Set ambitious goals - in two years to be prepared for entry in the EU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706935-smigal-stavimo-ambitni-cili-cerez-dva-roki-buti-gotovimi-do-vstupu-v-es.html
Shmigal: Set ambitious goals - in two years to be prepared for entry in the EU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706935-smigal-stavimo-ambitni-cili-cerez-dva-roki-buti-gotovimi-do-vstupu-v-es.html
The government has transferred more than 47 million to the energy efficiency program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3706936-urad-peredav-minvidnovlennu-ponad-47-miljoniv-na-programu-energoefektivnosti.html
The court gave 12 years prison to the personal informant of General Intelligence of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3706921-sud-dav-12-rokiv-vaznici-osobistij-informatorci-generala-rozvidki-rf.html
The court gave 12 years prison to the personal informant of General Intelligence of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3706921-sud-dav-12-rokiv-vaznici-osobistij-informatorci-generala-rozvidki-rf.html
Lubin met with OSCE Secretary General - Talked about the return of deported Ukrainian children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3706938-lubinec-zustrivsa-z-gensekom-obse-govorili-pro-povernenna-deportovanih-ukrainskih-ditej.html
Beach Football Women's Team retained a place in the top 5 rating of BSWW
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706939-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-plaznogo-futbolu-zberegla-misce-v-top5-rejtingu-bsww.html
Ukraine needs to prepare for difficult negotiations on entry into the EU - Yelchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706940-ukraini-treba-gotuvatisa-do-skladnih-peregovoriv-pro-vstup-do-es-elcenko.html
The EU during a full -scale invasion of Russia has provided $ 20 billion to support Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706941-es-za-cas-povnomasstabnogo-vtorgnenna-rosii-nadav-20-milardiv-dla-pidtrimki-ukraini.html
The government begins a new project to recover children who need special attention - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3706943-urad-pocinae-novij-proekt-iz-ozdorovlenna-ditej-aki-potrebuut-osoblivoi-uvagi-smigal.html
The government has expanded the list of critical infrastructure facilities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706944-urad-rozsiriv-perelik-obektiv-kriticnoi-infrastrukturi.html
Trude about a diplomatic scandal with China: we will not be able to intimidate
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706946-trudo-pro-diplomaticnij-skandal-iz-kitaem-nas-ne-vdastsa-zalakati.html
Government attracts a grant of more than ₴ 350 million per project "Heal Ukraine" - Prime Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3706947-urad-zalucae-grant-u-ponad-350-miljoniv-na-proekt-heal-ukraine-premer.html
In Lviv, the court has sentenced pedophile - 13 years in prison
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706948-u-lvovi-sud-vinis-virok-pedofilu-13-rokiv-pozbavlenna-voli.html
The Ministry of Finance held a record this year auction of government bonds
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706950-minfin-proviv-rekordnij-u-comu-roci-aukcion-ovdp.html
Virgin Galactic will start commercial space flights at the end of June
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3706951-virgin-galactic-pocne-komercijni-kosmicni-poloti-naprikinci-cervna.html
A charity fair took place in Chernivtsi on the occasion of Europe Day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706976-u-cernivcah-z-nagodi-dna-evropi-vidbuvsa-blagodijnij-armarok.html
The government has improved the mechanism of distribution of additional subsidies for victims of aggression of the Russian Federation of communities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3706953-urad-udoskonaliv-mehanizm-rozpodilu-dodatkovoi-dotacii-dla-postrazdalih-vid-agresii-rf-gromad.html
Taburets assures that there will be no place in Cherkasy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706956-taburec-zapevnae-so-na-cerkasini-ne-bude-misca-rejderstvu.html
In Ukraine plan to introduce excise duty on sweet sodas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706957-v-ukraini-planuut-zaprovaditi-akciz-na-solodki-gazovani-napoi.html
In Lviv, the mayor of one of Croatia solemnly raised the EU flag in front of the city council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706958-u-lvovi-mer-odnogo-z-najbilsih-mist-horvatii-urocisto-pidnav-prapor-es-pered-miskou-radou.html
Kalinina will start the WTA tournament in Italy by confrontation with the Russian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706959-kalinina-rozpocne-turnir-wta-v-italii-protistoannam-iz-rosiankou.html
Zelensky appealed to the participants of the coalition summit to create a special offset for
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706961-zelenskij-zvernuvsa-do-ucasnikiv-samitu-koalicii-zi-stvorenna-spectribunalu-dla-rosii.html
Army Products: The Government has simplified the procurement procedure for the time of martial law
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3706963-produkti-dla-armii-urad-sprostiv-proceduru-zakupivli-na-cas-voennogo-stanu.html
Identified the winners of the XXIII International Competition in Ukrainian named after Petro Yatsik
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3706965-viznacili-peremozciv-hhiii-miznarodnogo-konkursu-z-ukrainskoi-movi-imeni-petra-acika.html
G7 will help Ukraine to hold Putin's regime accountable - freeland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706967-g7-dopomozut-ukraini-pritagnuti-rezim-putina-do-vidpovidalnosti-friland.html
Cabinet forbidden import of fuel indefinite origin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706969-kabmin-zaboroniv-import-palnogo-neviznacenogo-pohodzenna.html
Russian troops made almost 30 attacks in four directions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706970-vijska-rf-zdijsnili-majze-30-atak-na-cotiroh-napramkah.html
Ukraine has to win the war quickly: Kleverla has urged to increase the help
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706971-ukraina-mae-peremogti-u-vijni-svidko-kleverli-zaklikav-zbilsiti-dopomogu.html
Canada and the EU will continue Ukraine's military support - Trudeau
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706974-kanada-ta-es-prodovzat-vijskovu-pidtrimku-ukraini-trudo.html
Yastremskaya won the qualification finale and will perform at WTA tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706978-astremska-vigrala-final-kvalifikacii-i-vistupit-na-turniri-wta-v-rimi.html
Cabinet restricted the use of music in public transport
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3706977-kabmin-obmeziv-vikoristanna-muziki-u-gromadskomu-transporti.html
Republican leader predicts that Congress will continue funding for Ukraine's defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706920-lider-respublikanciv-prognozue-so-kongres-prodovzit-finansuvanna-oboroni-ukraini.html
In Ukraine, certain categories of educators have set a vacation of 42 days - who is concerned
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3706982-v-ukraini-okremim-kategoriam-osvitan-vstanovili-vidpustku-v-42-dni-kogo-stosuetsa.html
Hillary Clinton urged NATO countries to transfer to Ukraine everything necessary for counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706985-gillari-klinton-zaklikala-kraini-nato-peredati-ukraini-use-neobhidne-dla-kontrnastupu.html
If Russia was able to capture Ukraine, the next would be Kazakhstan - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706987-akbi-rosia-zmogla-zahopiti-ukrainu-nastupnim-buv-bi-kazahstan-danilov.html
In Ukraine, strawberry prices reached a record level - Eastfruit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706988-v-ukraini-cini-na-polunicu-sagnuli-rekordnogo-rivna-eastfruit.html
In Sudan, the number of refugees increased to 700 thousand - UN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706992-u-sudani-kilkist-bizenciv-zrosla-do-700-tisac-oon.html
NSDC Secretary: There is no final offensive plan - there are several options in work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706991-sekretar-rnbo-ostatocnogo-planu-nastupu-se-nemae-u-roboti-kilka-variantiv.html
Ukrnafta took into account the ministries and prepared the updated company financial plan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706994-ukrnafta-vrahuvala-zauvazenna-ministerstv-i-pidgotuvala-onovlenij-finplan-kompanii.html
Derevyanchenko: I want to knock Munguyu
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706995-derevancenko-a-hocu-nokautuvati-munguu.html
Local budgets in April listed ₴ 12.9 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706996-miscevim-budzetam-u-kvitni-pererahuvali-129-milarda.html
US urges WHO to invite Taiwan to May meeting - Blinken
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706999-ssa-zaklikaut-vooz-zaprositi-tajvan-na-travnevu-zustric-blinken.html
After the parade in Moscow, Lukashenko immediately returned to Minsk - suspected health problems
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707006-pisla-paradu-v-moskvi-lukasenko-terminovo-povernuvsa-do-minska-pidozruut-problemi-zi-zdorovam.html
The construction of new metro stations will continue in Kharkiv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707000-u-harkovi-prodovzat-budivnictvo-novih-stancij-metro-mer.html
Ukrainian rescuers received 14 special equipment from Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3706998-ukrainski-ratuvalniki-otrimali-14-odinic-spectehniki-vid-nimeccini.html
In the Tavriysk direction, the Russians 22 times to no avail attacked the positions of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707003-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-rosiani-22-razi-bezrezultatno-atakuvali-pozicii-zsu.html
The invaders fired two communities in Dnipropetrovsk, there is a destruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707005-zagarbniki-obstrilali-dvi-gromadi-na-dnipropetrovsini-e-rujnuvanna.html
Media: Buschets will leave Barcelona after the season is over
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707010-zmi-buskets-pokine-barselonu-pisla-zaversenna-sezonu.html
The German defense concern wants to produce air defense systems and tanks in Ukraine - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707011-nimeckij-oboronnij-koncern-hoce-viroblati-v-ukraini-sistemi-ppo-ta-tanki-zmi.html
Motor Shows will be able to represent client interests in the Ministry of Internal Affairs - Government Resolution
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707012-avtosaloni-zmozut-predstavlati-interesi-klientiv-u-servisnih-centrah-mvs-postanova-uradu.html
Russian troops hit Kupyansk rockets, are injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707014-vijska-rf-vdarili-raketami-po-kupansku-e-poraneni.html
Shakhtar can hold Euro Cup matches in Gdansk next season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707016-sahtar-moze-provoditi-evrokubkovi-matci-u-gdansku-v-nastupnomu-sezoni.html
Zelenskaya met with the President of the European Commission - spoke about psychological rehabilitation of children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707019-zelenska-zustrilas-z-prezidentkou-evrokomisii-govorili-pro-psihologicnu-reabilitaciu-ditej.html
NERCEP has expanded consumers' rights to sell their own electricity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707022-nkrekp-rozsirila-prava-spozivaciv-na-prodaz-vlasnoi-elektroenergii.html
The Russians twice a day fired the border of Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707025-rosiani-dvici-za-den-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini.html
In the Netherlands before Europe, an event was held in support of artists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3707028-u-niderlandah-do-dna-evropi-vidbuvsa-zahid-na-pidtrimku-mitciv.html
If Russia is not stopped now, the world will pay more expensive price - the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Britain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707032-akso-rosiu-ne-zupiniti-zaraz-svit-zaplatit-dorozcu-cinu-glava-mzs-britanii.html
Schwinsteiger and Ivanovich had a third child
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707034-u-svajnstajgera-ta-ivanovic-narodilasa-treta-ditina.html
Blinken about the grain agreement: There is no need to convince the Russian Federation so that it does not turn food into weapons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707035-blinken-pro-zernovu-ugodu-godi-svitovi-perekonuvati-rf-abi-vona-ne-peretvoruvala-izu-na-zbrou.html
Eurovision-2023: TVORCHI launched a manifesto calling for support Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3707037-evrobacenna2023-tvorchi-zapustili-manifest-iz-zaklikom-prodovziti-pidtrimku-ukrainu.html
Zelensky spoke to the Alliance of European Universities Euniwell
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707039-zelenskij-vistupiv-pered-studentami-alansu-evropejskih-universitetiv-euniwell.html
Liverpool started the first Eurovision semi -final 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3706972-u-liverpuli-startuvav-persij-pivfinal-evrobacenna-2023.html
Zelensky: Only a matter of time when we can restore a fair peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707040-zelenskij-lise-pitanna-casu-koli-mi-zmozemo-vidnoviti-spravedlivij-mir.html
The Frontwar of the Ukrainian band The Hardkiss Yulia Sanina opened the first semi -final of Eurovision
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3707045-frontvumen-ukrainskogo-gurtu-the-hardkiss-ulia-sanina-vidkrila-persij-pivfinal-evrobacenna.html
The new assistance package of Ukraine is designed for the long term - Pentagon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707041-novij-paket-dopomogi-ukraini-rozrahovanij-na-dovgostrokovu-perspektivu-pentagon.html
The President invited European students to join Ukraine's rebuilding
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3707042-zelenskij-zaprosiv-evropejskih-studentiv-dolucitisa-do-vidbudovi-ukraini.html
In Mariupol, the army of the Russian Federation destroyed more than 1100 houses - the City Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706980-u-mariupoli-armia-rf-znisila-ponad-1100-budinkiv-miskrada.html
Zelensky thanked the French Parliament for recognition of Wagner PEC terrorists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707046-zelenskij-podakuvav-parlamentu-francii-za-viznanna-pvk-vagner-teroristami.html
Yastremskaya will play with the Russian at the base of the tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707047-astremska-zigrae-z-rosiankou-v-osnovi-turniru-u-rimi.html
FBI has disposed of the Snake Narchable Programs used by the Russian FSB
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707049-fbr-zneskodila-merezu-skidlivih-program-snake-aki-vikoristovue-rosijska-fsb.html
Export dispute with the EU will be resolved within the current contractual base - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707048-eksportna-superecka-z-es-virisitsa-u-mezah-cinnoi-dogovirnoi-bazi-prezident.html
Defense forces in Donetsk destroyed the rb of Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707051-sili-oboroni-na-doneccini-znisili-reb-rosian.html
Zelensky: Without a victory over Nazism on May 8 would not have been Europe's day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707052-zelenskij-bez-peremogi-nad-nacizmom-8-travna-ne-bulo-b-dna-evropi.html
Odesa -Reni's Movement will be complicated by the end of the week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707054-ruhu-trasou-odesa-reni-bude-uskladnenij-do-kinca-tizna.html
A coalition for the creation of a special -threshold for the Russian Federation urged the world to support the Ukrainian formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3707058-koalicia-zi-stvorenna-spectribunalu-dla-rf-zaklikala-svit-pidtrimati-ukrainsku-formulu-miru.html
"Motor" gave way to the Second Bundesliga match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707057-motor-postupivsa-u-matci-drugoi-bundesligi.html
At Eurovision-2023, voting for the first ten finalists began
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3707059-evrobacenna-2023-pocalosa-golosuvanna-za-persu-desatku-finalistiv.html
"Real" played a draw with Manchester City in the first match of 1/2 finals of the UEFA Champions League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707060-real-zigrav-vniciu-z-mancester-siti-u-persomu-matci-12-finalu-ligi-cempioniv-uefa.html
In Frankivsk, a kidney transplant from a posthumous donor was carried out
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706695-u-frankivsku-proveli-transplantaciu-nirki-vid-posmertnogo-donora.html
Pentagon confirmed that the Patriot system in Ukraine has shot down the Russian "dagger"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707061-pentagon-pidtverdiv-so-sistema-patriot-v-ukraini-zbila-rosijskij-kindzal.html
After the victory of Ukraine, the need for military psychology specialists will double - Anna Malyar -
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/pislya-peremogy-ukrayiny-potreba-u-fahivczyah-vijskovoyi-psyhologiyi-zroste-vdvichi-ganna-malyar/
How to support loved ones returned from captivity: Psychologist's advice
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/yak-pidtrymaty-blyzkyh-yaki-povernulysya-z-polonu-porady-psyhologa/
Ukraine has received almost € 190 million from the World Bank
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/ukrayina-otrymala-majzhe-e190-miljoniv-vid-svitovogo-banku/
How to create a reliable password for accounts - Tips of the State Secret ’ Land
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/yak-stvoryty-nadijnyj-parol-do-oblikovyh-zapysiv-porady-derzhspeczzvyazku/
Russia has blocked the work of the "grain corridor" again
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/rosiya-vchergove-zablokuvala-robotu-zernovogo-korydoru/
Representatives of Ukraine and Russia began monitoring visits to the places of maintenance of civilians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/predstavnyky-ukrayiny-i-rosiyi-rozpochaly-monitoryngovi-vizyty-do-miscz-utrymannya-czyvilnyh/
The invaders of the Russian Federation during the conversation are reflected over the inevitability of losing in the war - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/zagarbnyky-rf-pid-chas-rozmovy-rozmirkovuyut-nad-nemynuchistyu-prograshu-u-vijni-perehoplennya-gur/
Last day, the enemy struck 30 rocket launchers, 61 aviation strike and made 89 shelling of the RSSU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/mynuloyi-doby-protyvnyk-zavdav-30-raketnyh-61-aviaczijnogo-udaru-ta-zdijsnyv-89-obstriliv-z-rszv/
Ukrainian defenders repelled 42 hostile attacks in four directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-vidbyly-42-vorozhyh-ataky-na-chotyroh-napryamkah/
The racists export the looted property from the frontlines in the Zaporozhye region - the General Staff
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/rashysty-vyvozyat-nagrabovane-majno-z-pryfrontovyh-terytorij-u-zaporizkij-oblasti-genshtab/
Defense forces destroyed 23 out of 25 rockets released across Ukraine on the night of May 9 - Valery Zaluzhny
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/syly-oborony-znyshhyly-23-iz-25-raket-vypushhenyh-po-ukrayini-u-nich-na-9-travnya-valerij-zaluzhnyj/
Aviation of Defense Forces over the past day has made 16 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-mynulu-dobu-zavdala-16-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
The General Staff of the Armed Forces warns: on May 9, Russia prepares provocations against its inhabitants
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/genshtab-zsu-poperedzhaye-9-travnya-rosiya-gotuye-provokacziyi-proty-svoyih-meshkancziv/
More than 195 thousand soldiers have lost the army of the Russian Federation in Ukraine since the beginning of large -scale aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/ponad-195-tysyach-vijskovyh-vtratyla-armiya-rf-v-ukrayini-z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-agresiyi/
On the day of honoring victory over tyranny, Russia was distinguished by a massive shelling of Ukraine - US Ambassador
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/u-den-vshanuvannya-peremogy-nad-tyraniyeyu-rosiya-vidznachylasya-masovanym-obstrilom-ukrayiny-posol-ssha/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-2/
The President of the European Commission arrived in Ukraine: Kiev is a relevant place for celebration of Europe Day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/v-ukrayinu-prybula-prezydentka-yevrokomisiyi-kyyiv-dorechne-miscze-dlya-svyatkuvannya-dnya-yevropy/
More than 9 million hryvnias have been released from Russian captivity
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/ponad-9-mln-gryven-dopomogy-pererahuvaly-zvilnenym-z-rosijskogo-polonu/
There are a few versions of the Uaks attack on the Kremlin - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/ye-kilka-versij-ataky-bpla-po-kremlyu-gur/
Natalia Humeniuk reported how many rocket carriers with "caliber" Russia keeps in the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/nataliya-gumenyuk-povidomyla-skilky-raketonosiyiv-z-kalibramy-rosiya-trymaye-v-chornomu-mori/
During the day, rescuers went to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling almost 200 times
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-majzhe-200-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-3/
Yuri Ignat told details of night attacks in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/yurij-ignat-rozpoviv-podrobyczi-nichnyh-atak-po-ukrayini/
Nuremberg adopted a declaration on Russian Crimes against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/u-nyurnberzi-uhvalyly-deklaracziyu-shhodo-voyennyh-zlochyniv-rf-proty-ukrayiny/
On May 9 there will be a straight telephone line with the TRU Commander of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/9-travnya-vidbudetsya-pryama-telefonna-liniya-z-komanduvachem-syl-tro-zsu/
Today we celebrate Europe Day together with EU countries
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/sogodni-vidznachayemo-den-yevropy-spilno-z-derzhavamy-yes/
More than 100 infrastructure objects have been affected by enemy shelling over the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/ponad-100-obyektiv-infrastruktury-urazheno-vnaslidok-vorozhyh-obstriliv-za-mynulu-dobu/
Romania began large -scale training for the NATO Strike 2023 Junction Strike
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/u-rumuniyi-rozpochalysya-masshtabni-navchannya-syl-speczialnyh-operaczij-krayin-nato-junction-strike-2023/
Alexei Reznikov congratulated European peoples on Europe Day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/oleksij-reznikov-pryvitav-yevropejski-narody-iz-dnem-yevropy/
More than 500 explosive items and one airbags were neutralized per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-500-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-ta-odnu-aviabombu/
On the website of the Defense Ministry officially work the section on the path of the wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/na-sajti-minoborony-oficzijno-zapraczyuvav-rozdil-shhodo-shlyahu-poranenogo/
Defense Ministers of Poland and Canada: We work side by side to support Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/ministry-oborony-polshhi-ta-kanady-praczyuyemo-plich-o-plich-dlya-pidtrymky-ukrayiny/
More than 102 thousand crimes of the Russian Federation documented the Office of the Prosecutor General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/ponad-102-tysyachi-zlochyniv-rf-zadokumentuvav-ofis-generalnogo-prokurora/
The OSCE has released a report on Russia's crimes against Ukrainian children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/obsye-oprylyudnyla-zvit-pro-zlochyny-rosiyi-proty-ukrayinskyh-ditej/
In Khmelnitsky there was a special repayment of a new postal stamp
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/u-hmelnyczkomu-vidbulos-speczpogashennya-novoyi-poshtovoyi-marky/
After the morning shelling of Kuleb, once again urged partners to give Ukraine aircraft F-16
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/pislya-rankovogo-obstrilu-kuleba-vchergove-zaklykav-partneriv-nadaty-ukrayini-litaky-f-16/
Maidan Cases: The Ministry of Internal Affairs and his deputy will be judged in absentia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/spravy-majdanu-eksochilnyka-mvs-ta-jogo-zastupnyka-sudytymut-zaochno/
Coordinating Staff calls to relatives of captive military assistance to specialists with information gathering
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-zaklykaye-rodychiv-polonenyh-vijskovyh-dopomagaty-fahivczyam-zi-zborom-informacziyi/
Russia in the Black Sea holds four rocket launchers with 32 "calibers"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/rosiya-u-chornomu-mori-trymaye-chotyry-raketonosiyi-z-32-kalibramy/
Ukraine considers the participation of leaders of 6 countries in the Kremlin parade as a manifestation of neglect - the Foreign Ministry
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/ukrayina-rozglyadaye-uchast-lideriv-6-krayin-u-kremlivskomu-paradi-yak-vyyav-znevagy-do-ukrayincziv-mzs/
In Zaporozhye detained Russian agents who prepared terrorist attacks against the Armed Forces Command
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/na-zaporizhzhi-zatrymaly-agentiv-rf-yaki-gotuvaly-terakty-proty-komanduvannya-zsu/
The President of the European Commission in Kiev revealed details of the 11th Package of Sanctions against
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/prezydentka-yevrokomisiyi-u-kyyevi-rozkryla-detali-11-go-paketu-sankcziyi-proty-rosiyi/
Russian tankers who fired at the hospital in Trostyanka were deprived in absentia for 11 years
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/rosijskyh-tankistiv-yaki-obstrilyaly-likarnyu-v-trostyanczi-zaochno-pozbavyly-voli-na-11-rokiv/
On Europe Day in the European Commission near the EU flags raised a flag of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/u-den-yevropy-v-yevrokomisiyi-poruch-z-praporamy-yes-pidnyaly-styag-ukrayiny/
The Ukrainian army changed the quantitative and qualitative composition of Rosarmia-Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/ukrayinske-vijsko-zminylo-kilkisno-yakisnyj-sklad-rosarmiyi-sergij-cherevatyj/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy called the reasons why Rosarmia intensified air attacks on Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/volodymyr-zelenskyj-nazvav-prychyny-chomu-rosarmiya-posylyla-povitryani-ataky-na-ukrayinu/
In Warsaw, activists near the monument to Soviet soldiers installed hundreds of Ukrainian flags
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/u-varshavi-aktyvisty-bilya-pamyatnyka-radyanskym-soldatam-vstanovyly-sotni-ukrayinskyh-praporiv/
Another course of preparation of the sergeant warehouse was completed in the AFSU of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/u-dshv-zsu-zavershyvsya-chergovyj-kurs-pidgotovky-serzhantskogo-skladu/
German Chancellor - About the Perspective of Ukraine Membership in the EU: Geopolitical Europe must keep promise
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/kanczler-frn-pro-perspektyvu-chlenstva-ukrayiny-v-yes-geopolitychna-yevropa-maye-dotrymuvatysya-obiczyanky/
What military equipment was shown at the parade in Moscow
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/yaku-vijskovu-tehniku-pokazaly-na-paradi-v-moskvi/
Ruslan Stefanchuk: I expect that the NATO Vilnius Summit will be determined by the time frame for Ukraine's membership
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/ruslan-stefanchuk-rozrahovuyu-shho-na-vilnyuskomu-samiti-nato-bude-vyznacheno-chasovi-ramky-shhodo-chlenstva-ukrayiny/
It's time for a positive decision on negotiations on Ukraine's membership in the European Union - Zelensky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/nastav-chas-dlya-pozytyvnogo-rishennya-shhodo-peregovoriv-pro-chlenstvo-ukrayiny-u-yevrosoyuzi-zelenskyj/
Russian military equipment is again on the outskirts of Kharkiv, but … It is already fixed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/rosijska-vijskova-tehnika-znovu-na-okolyczyah-harkova-ale-vona-vzhe-neruhoma/
The President appealed to the Coal Group Summit to create a special tribunal on aggression against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/prezydent-zvernuvsya-do-uchasnykiv-samitu-koalicziyi-core-group-zi-stvorennya-speczialnogo-trybunalu-shhodo-zlochynu-agresiyi-proty-ukrayiny/
A serviceman of the National Guard "Igla" knocked down the winged rocket during a night attack on the capital
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/vijskovosluzhbovecz-naczgvardiyi-igloyu-zbyv-krylatu-raketu-pid-chas-nichnoyi-ataky-na-stolyczyu/
The government has changed approaches to defense purchases
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/uryad-zminyv-pidhody-do-oboronnyh-zakupivel/
Судитимуть ще 59 депутатів держдуми рф, які голосували за визнання псевдореспублік «л/днр»
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/sudytymut-shhe-59-deputativ-derzhdumy-rf-yaki-golosuvaly-za-vyznannya-psevdorespublik-l-dnr/
The Armed Forces Aviation has made 6 strokes in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/aviacziya-zsu-zavdala-6-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
The General Staff of the Armed Forces: The invaders are exported from Kamianka-Dniprovskaya children and educators
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/genshtab-zsu-okupanty-vyvozyat-z-kamyanky-dniprovskoyi-ditej-i-osvityan/
The enemy made almost 30 attacks in four sections of the front
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/vorog-zdijsnyv-majzhe-30-atak-na-chotyroh-dilyankah-frontu/
A meeting with the families of the Azov Brigade Brigade was held at the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodynamy-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-brygady-azov/
A joint statement regarding the effort to create a tribunal on a crime of aggression against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/spilna-zayava-stosovno-zusyl-zi-stvorennya-trybunalu-shhodo-zlochynu-agresiyi-proty-ukrayiny/
Artillery ammunition, air defense systems provided a new military assistance package for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/artylerijski-boyeprypasy-systemy-ppo-ssha-nadaly-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-dlya-ukrayiny/
Return of deported children and civilian hostages: which was discussed at a meeting with the OSCE Secretary General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/povernennya-deportovanyh-ditej-ta-czyvilnyh-zaruchnykiv-shho-obgovoryuvaly-na-zustrichi-z-generalnym-sekretarem-obsye/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy spoke with the students of the Alliance of European Universities Euniwell
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/volodymyr-zelenskyj-pospilkuvavsya-zi-studentamy-alyansu-yevropejskyh-universytetiv-euniwell/
Turkey and Azerbaijan conduct joint military training
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/turechchyna-ta-azerbajdzhan-provodyat-spilni-vijskovi-navchannya/
In Liverpool, Eurovision began with a Ukrainian heart
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/yevrobachennya-z-ukrayinskym-serczem/
The present aggressor loses how the aggressor who lost 78 years ago is only a matter of time - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/teperishnij-agresor-prograye-yak-toj-agresor-shho-prograv-78-rokiv-tomu-cze-lyshe-pytannya-chasu-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy: We are actively preparing with Europe 11th sanction package against
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/volodymyr-zelenskyj-aktyvno-gotuyemo-razom-iz-yevropoyu-11-j-sankczijnyj-paket-proty-rosiyi/
The French Parliament recognized the Russian Wagner Group terrorist
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/parlament-francziyi-vyznav-terorystychnoyu-rosijsku-grupu-vagner/
The Ukrainian people became a hostage to the state bate and plans of the event - Rhashist fakes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/ukrayinskyj-narod-stav-zaruchnykom-derzhperevorotu-i-planiv-zahodu-rashystski-fejky/
27 Ambassadors of the European Union assured that their peoples are on the side of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/27-posliv-yevropejskogo-soyuzu-zapevnyly-shho-yihni-narody-na-boczi-ukrayiny/
The Committee of Digital Transformation of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine called for people's intelligence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/komitet-czyfrovoyi-transformacziyi-verhovnoyi-rady-ukrayiny-zaklykav-doluchytysya-do-narodnoyi-rozvidky/
Short. War. Day 440. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/korotko-vijna-den-440-videodajdzhest/
At the NATO summit, Ukraine expects to obtain a clear timeframe for membership - Stefanchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3707064-na-samiti-nato-ukraina-rozrahovue-otrimati-citki-casovi-ramki-sodo-clenstva-stefancuk.html
In Ukraine, it will rain in some places - at night frosts, in the afternoon up to 15 ° heat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706883-v-ukraini-zavtra-podekudi-dositime-vnoci-zamorozki-vden-do-15-tepla.html
The court found Trump guilty of harassment, he must pay the victim $ 5 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707063-sud-viznav-trampa-vinnim-u-domagannah-vin-povinen-splatiti-poterpilij-5-miljoniv.html
Eurovision-2023: The first ten finalists have been determined
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3707062-evrobacenna2023-viznacilasa-persa-desatka-finalistiv.html
Eurovision-2023: The first ten finalists have been determined
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3707062-evrobacenna2023-viznacilasa-persa-desatka-finalistiv.html
The court found Trump guilty of harassment, he must pay the victim $ 5 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707063-sud-viznav-trampa-vinnim-u-domagannah-vin-povinen-splatiti-poterpilij-5-miljoniv.html
In Ukraine, it will rain in some places - at night frosts, in the afternoon up to 15 ° heat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706883-v-ukraini-zavtra-podekudi-dositime-vnoci-zamorozki-vden-do-15-tepla.html
At the NATO summit, Ukraine expects to obtain a clear timeframe for membership - Stefanchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3707064-na-samiti-nato-ukraina-rozrahovue-otrimati-citki-casovi-ramki-sodo-clenstva-stefancuk.html
On the guard of the sky: how aircraft provides Ukraine's protection against air threats
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/na-storozhi-neba-yak-ppo-zabezpechuye-zahyst-ukrayiny-vid-povitryanyh-zagroz/
Activists have installed the installation near the monument to Soviet soldiers in Warsaw - Ukrainian flags and crosses with the names of victims of Russian aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/aktyvisty-vstanovyly-instalyacziyu-bilya-pamyatnyka-radyanskym-soldatam-u-varshavi-ukrayinski-prapory-i-hresty-z-imenamy-zhertv-rosijskoyi-agresiyi/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====