乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-07-11

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Bleshnya, Kostobobriv, Bu...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5318
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Krasne First, Figolivka, two -year, Kupiansk, Kis ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5319
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Verkhnokamy...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5320
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Kramatorsk, Time Yar, Dilivka, Northern And Pi ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5321
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Kerramik, Berdyshi, Avdiivka, Water Andevka Karlivk ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5322
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, Marinka, St. George, Maximilyan ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5323
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Novomikhailivka, Coal, Wondering, Golden ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5324
AT Zaporizhia And Kherson Directions Russian Army Army Sheled Novodarivka, Nolyipol, Transfiguration ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5325
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5326
Russian army shelled Nikopol and Marhanets overnight
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/46004
Russian army hit Mykolaiv with Iskander missile overnight
https://t.me/babel/35299
4 person killed, 11 wounded as result of Russian guided bomb strike in Orikhiv
https://t.me/info_zp/40572
Russian army claims Ukraine launched several S-200 missiles yesterday, including at the Kerch...
https://t.me/rian_ru/208381
Ukrainian defence forces have advanced over 1 km at Melitopol and Berdiansk directions, - Gen...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5317
Former commander of Improved Kilo-class submarine Krasnodar, deputy head of Krasnodar mobilis...
https://t.me/kub_mash/3807
Helicopters and artillery shelled Odnorobivka railway station today
https://twitter.com/nakipeloua/status/1678460466459189256
Shahed drones launches reported from Prymorsko-Akhtarsk
https://t.me/kpszsu/3180
Explosions reported in Tokmak of Zaporizhzhia region
https://t.me/war_monitor/8657
Explosion was reported in Vasylivka
https://t.me/dniprorudne_ukraine/3127
Impressive photos of Ukrainian defenders showed OK East "
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/vrazhayuchi-foto-roboty-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv-pokazalo-ok-shid/
The Center for Combating Misinformation told how Ukrainians rubbed the nose to the Russians throughout the history
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/yak-ukrayinczi-vtyraly-nosa-rosiyanam-protyagom-istoriyi-pokazav-czentr-protydiyi-dezinformacziyi/
The Guards of the offensive continue to train intensively
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/brygady-gvardiyi-nastupu-prodovzhuyut-intensyvno-trenuvatysya/
The Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine met with the Expature of the Latvian Republic
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/golova-verhovnoyi-rady-ukrayiny-zustrivsya-z-eksprezydentom-latvijskoyi-respubliky/
OK "North" showed how our units perform tasks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/ok-pivnich-pokazalo-yak-vykonuyut-zadachi-nashi-pidrozdily/
Among the recruits in the army of the Russian Federation are drug addicts and patients with hepatitis
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/sered-novobrancziv-v-armiyi-rf-ye-narkozalezhni-ta-hvori-na-gepatyt/
About 30 combat clashes took place in Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/na-donechchyni-vidbulos-blyzko-30-bojovyh-zitknen/
Dmytro Kuleba in conversation with Anthony Blinken: We work to make NATO's Summit Decisions winning for everyone
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/dmytro-kuleba-u-rozmovi-z-entoni-blinkenom-praczyuyemo-nad-tym-shhob-rishennya-samitu-nato-buly-vygrashnymy-dlya-vsih/
NATO Secretary General has released the details of the Alliance summit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/gensek-nato-oprylyudnyv-detali-samitu-alyansu/
Situation with living standards in temporarily occupied territories resembles Cuba - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/sytuacziya-z-rivnem-zhyttyam-na-tymchasovo-okupovanyh-terytoriyah-nagaduye-kubu-gur/
Bulgaria continued the support program for seekers of asylum from Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/bolgariya-prodovzhyla-programu-pidtrymky-shukachiv-prytulku-z-ukrayiny/
How to use a trophy "sungphachec", showed our defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/yak-vykorystovuvaty-trofejnyj-sonczepek-pokazaly-nashi-zahysnyky/
Divisions of missile troops and artillery struck two areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/pidrozdily-raketnyh-vijsk-i-artyleriyi-urazyly-2-rajony-zoseredzhennya-voroga-2/
Enemy's daily loss: minus 440 invaders, 7 tanks and 5 artistem
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/dobovi-vtraty-voroga-minus-440-okupantiv-7-tankiv-ta-5-artsystem/
In Irpen, rehabilitation with ethnic motifs brought together Ukrainians and guests from Lithuania
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/v-irpeni-reabilitacziya-z-etnichnymy-motyvamy-obyednala-ukrayincziv-ta-gostej-z-lytvy/
In the Taurian direction of defense force systematically destroy the enemy - Alexander Tarnavsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-syly-oborony-systemno-znyshhuyut-voroga-oleksandr-tarnavskyj-2/
The commander shouts: "The wounded is not touched, we throw everyone!" - Gur interception
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/komandyr-krychyt-poranenyh-ne-chipaty-kydayemo-vsih-gur-perehoplennya/
Turkey has agreed to pass the protocol on the adoption of Sweden to NATO - Jens Stoltenberg
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/turechchyna-pogodylasya-yaknajshvydshe-peredaty-protokol-pro-pryjnyattya-shvecziyi-do-nato-yens-stoltenberg/
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske, Ver...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5329
Ukraine expects from NATO's summit of historical decisions - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734447-ukraina-ocikue-vid-samitu-nato-istoricnih-risen-smigal.html
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Bogdanivka, Chrome, Time Yar, Ivanov ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5330
In Vilnius, an exhibition about Russian military crimes in Ukraine was opened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3734440-u-vilnusi-vidkrili-vistavku-pro-rosijski-voenni-zlocini-v-ukraini.html
Ukraine in the issue of "Grain Agreement" is more relied on Erdogan - Ambassador Bodnar
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734428-ukraina-u-pitanni-zernovoi-ugodi-bilse-pokladaetsa-na-erdogana-posol-bodnar.html
At Avdiyivka direction Russian army shelled Avdiyivka, Pervomayske and Nevelske of Donetsk re...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5331
At Shakhtarske direction Russian army shelled Vuhledar, Storozheve, Blahodatne of Donetsk reg...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5333
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Novodarivka, Levadne, Malynivka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5334
Zelensky announced new protection tools for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734537-zelenskij-anonsuvav-novi-instrumenti-zahistu-dla-ukraini.html
On the damaged shelling of Kurakhiv TPP resumed the operation of one power unit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734536-na-poskodzenij-obstrilami-kurahivskij-tes-vidnovili-robotu-odnogo-energobloku.html
Government restricted the use of information on pharmacy signs that can mislead consumers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3734535-urad-obmeziv-vikoristanna-na-aptecnih-viviskah-informacii-so-moze-vvesti-spozivaciv-v-omanu.html
The United States has imposed sanctions against the Excellent Defense of Serbia, who cooperated with Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734534-ssa-zaprovadili-sankcii-proti-eksministra-oboroni-serbii-akij-spivpracuvav-z-rosieu.html
France will simplify the process of supplying weapons to Ukraine - Reznikov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734531-francia-sprostit-proces-postacanna-zbroi-ukraini-reznikov.html
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Krasno Pershe, Novomolinsk, Dvorichny, West, MAS ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5328
Natalia Depa was killed on the front at the front
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3734489-na-fronti-zaginula-bojova-medikina-i-volonterka-zi-lvova-natalia-depa.html
Ukrainian air defense shot down 26 of 28 Russian Shahed drones overnight
https://t.me/kpszsu/3197
2 Shahed drones attacked naval port infrastructure in Odesa region
https://t.me/channel24_ua/96052
NATO Secretary General: We will continue to support Ukraine through the "NATO-Ukraine" Council
https://twitter.com/SkyNewsArabia_B/status/1678677341936013312
Stoltenberg: NATO members will make important decisions to strengthen deterrence and common d...
https://twitter.com/AlArabiya_Brk/status/1678677398517170178
NATO Secretary General: The membership of Finland and Sweden in NATO is a clear message to Pr...
https://twitter.com/AsharqNewsBrk/status/1678680037774467072
NATO Secretary General: At the summit, it will be agreed to support Ukraine politically and m...
https://twitter.com/AsharqNewsBrk/status/1678679538782420993
NATO chief Jens Stoltenberg vowed allied leaders meeting at a summit in Vilnius on Tuesday wi...
https://twitter.com/AFP/status/1678685831362408449
Explosions were reported earlier this morning in Novooleksiivka of Kherson region
https://t.me/channel24_ua/96068
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Hirsk of Chernihiv region...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5327
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian of the Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, Marynka, St. George and Andaa. ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5332
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5335
Russian army shelled Sofiivka of Kherson region with MLRS GRAD, 1 person killed, another wounded
https://twitter.com/kava2402/status/1678692530865557504
France to send Ukraine 'Scalp' long-range missiles: Macron
https://twitter.com/AFP/status/1678698060174483457
Germany to send new arms package to Ukraine which will include: — 2 Patriot launchers; — 40 M...
https://twitter.com/deaidua/status/1678698693560528896
“We agree with the language you proposed relative to the future of Ukraine joining NATO,” Bid...
https://twitter.com/JenniferJJacobs/status/1678712702196150273
Deputy commander of Russian Southern military district general-lieutenant Oleg Tsokov has die...
https://t.me/milinfolive/103396
Explosions were reported in Berdiansk
https://t.me/info_zp/40716
Explosions were audible in Skadovsk
https://t.me/Tsaplienko/35552
New explosions reported in Tokmak
https://t.me/info_zp/40717
Following the decision of the summit in Vilnius Ukraine's path to NATO will be shorter - the Czech President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734538-pisla-risenna-samitu-u-vilnusi-slah-ukraini-do-nato-bude-korotsim-prezident-cehii.html
Ukrainians are urged
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/iryna-vereshhuk-zaklykaye-ukrayincziv-podavatysya-do-rezervu-praczivnykiv-dlya-roboty-na-deokupovanyh-terytoriyah/
Ukraine's membership in NATO does not depend on the requirements and calculations of Russia - the State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734553-clenstvo-ukraini-v-nato-ne-zalezit-vid-vimog-ta-rozrahunkiv-rosii-derzdep.html
Zelensky: NATO will make Ukraine safer and Ukraine will make the alliance stronger
https://twitter.com/AsharqNewsBrk/status/1678792950770286592
The Russian Federation declared the detention of the killer of the Krasnodar submarine commander
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734556-slidkom-rf-zaaviv-pro-zatrimanna-vbivci-komandira-pidvodnogo-covna-krasnodar.html
EVERYONE: Over 1,400 applicants received a financial assistance for housing repair
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/yevidnovlennya-ponad-1400-zayavnykiv-otrymaly-groshovu-dopomogu-na-remont-zhytla/
Explosions were reported in Kostiantynivka
https://t.me/novosti_donbass24/50941
Poland promises to provide infrastructure for training Ukrainian pilots on F-16
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734564-polsa-obicae-nadati-infrastrukturu-dla-navcanna-ukrainskih-pilotiv-na-f16.html
13 years behind the lattice will be held by LNR fighter who captured Lisichansk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/13-rokiv-za-gratamy-provede-bojovyk-lnr-yakyj-zahoplyuvav-lysychansk/
Dzhokovich continued the protection of the title on Wimbledon, beating Rublev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734560-dzokovic-prodovzue-zahist-titulu-peremozca-vimbldona-obigravsi-rublova.html
Astronomers have found two more exoplanets that can be water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3734356-astronomi-viavili-se-dvi-ekzoplaneti-na-akih-moze-buti-voda.html
Manor Solomon will officially advocate Tottenham
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734358-manor-solomon-oficijno-vistupatime-za-tottengem.html
Bulgaria Prime Minister - About Casette Ammunition for Ukraine: Success in Battle is more important than conventions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734362-premer-bolgarii-pro-kasetni-boepripasi-dla-ukraini-uspihi-v-bou-vazlivisi-za-konvencii.html
The invaders blocked the Novooleksiyivka in Kherson region, where there was a hit by ammunition - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3734364-zagarbniki-zablokuvali-novooleksiivku-na-hersonsini-de-bulo-vlucanna-po-skladu-boepripasiv-zmi.html
The State Department explained what allies are expecting from Ukraine on the way to NATO membership
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734565-derzdep-poasniv-cogo-souzniki-ocikuut-vid-ukraini-na-slahu-do-clenstva-v-nato.html
The contractor will be judged in Kiev for unauthorized construction and lock of the entrance to the shelter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3734368-u-kievi-suditimut-pidradnika-za-samovilne-budivnictvo-i-blokuvanna-vhodu-do-ukritta.html
In Vilnius, an exhibition about Russian military crimes in Ukraine was opened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3734440-u-vilnusi-vidkrili-vistavku-pro-rosijski-voenni-zlocini-v-ukraini.html
Ukrnafta started drilling a new well in Lviv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734371-ukrnafta-rozpocala-burinna-novoi-sverdlovini-na-lvivsini.html
Pentagon increases the fight against dipfeyks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3734380-pentagon-posilue-borotbu-z-dipfejkami.html
Mavka's fees in Ukrainian rental reached more than ₴ 152.6 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3734372-zbori-mavki-v-ukrainskomu-prokati-sagnuli-bils-ak-1526-miljona.html
Yarmolenko and Shaparenko train on an individual program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734376-armolenko-ta-saparenko-trenuutsa-za-individualnou-programou.html
In Kherson, five people are injured because of shelling, among them a child
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3734378-u-hersoni-cerez-obstrili-poraneni-patero-ludej-sered-nih-ditina.html
Pyongyang demands cancel the decision of the United States to provide Ukraine with cassette ammunition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734379-phenan-vimagae-skasuvati-risenna-ssa-pro-nadanna-ukraini-kasetnih-boepripasiv.html
In the Netherlands, judges have declared reprimanded for an attempt to influence the MH17 process
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734382-u-niderlandah-suddi-ogolosili-doganu-za-sprobu-vplinuti-na-proces-mh17.html
Partial blackout reported in occupied Yalta
https://t.me/rusbrief/135398
In Berdyansk an explosion came
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734384-u-berdansku-prolunav-vibuh.html
The EP President mentioned Russia's war against Ukraine during a speech on Srebrenica
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734386-prezidentka-ep-zgadala-pro-vijnu-rosii-proti-ukraini-pid-cas-promovi-pro-srebrenicu.html
The government has allocated more than 140 million for prisoners from the reserve fund
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3734390-urad-vidiliv-z-rezervnogo-fondu-ponad-140-miljoniv-dla-polonenih.html
Emergency notifications with a loud signal send out SES - KSCA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3734388-ekstreni-spovisenna-z-gucnim-signalom-rozsilae-dsns-kmda.html
Psychological assistance to the military - in Kiev held a round table
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3734389-psihologicna-dopomoga-vijskovim-u-kievi-proveli-kruglij-stil.html
Almost 90% of Ukrainian business resort to tax optimization schemes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734391-majze-90-ukrainskogo-biznesu-vdautsa-do-shem-optimizacii-podatkiv.html
Russia has brought to the Black Sea of Submarine with Calibra
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734392-rosia-vivela-v-corne-more-submarinu-z-kalibrami.html
Up to 15 years in prison sentenced a man who served the so -called police DNR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/do-15-rokiv-uvyaznennya-zasudzheno-cholovika-yakyj-sluzhyv-tak-zvanym-policzejskym-dnr/
Biden supported the formulation of NATO on the future membership of Ukraine in the Alliance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734393-bajden-pidtrimav-formuluvanna-nato-sodo-majbutnogo-clenstva-ukraini-v-alansi.html
In Kharkiv, a drunken driver knocked down a child
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3734395-na-harkivsini-panij-vodij-zbiv-na-smert-ditinu.html
Zelensky arrived in Vilnius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734398-zelenskij-pribuv-do-vilnusa.html
Nobel Laure King: Starting Ukraine's Real Introduction to NATO - a way to complete the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3734399-nobelivska-lavreatka-pocatok-realnogo-vstupu-ukraini-v-nato-sposib-zaversiti-vijnu.html
Supply Russian oil began to decline - Bloomberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734400-postacanna-rosijskoi-nafti-morem-pocalo-znizuvatisa-bloomberg.html
Pulishich will undergo a medical examination in Milan on Wednesday - journalist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734403-pulisic-projde-medoglad-u-milani-u-seredu-zurnalist.html
US perceive literally the duty to protect every inch of NATO - Biden territory
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734405-ssa-sprijmaut-bukvalno-obovazok-zahisati-kozen-dujm-teritorii-nato-bajden.html
Instagram will add branded content tools to Threads
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3734406-instagram-dodast-instrumenti-brendovanogo-kontentu-do-threads.html
Exports of agricultural products from Ukraine's seaports in a week decreased by 45% - UKAB
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734407-eksport-agroprodukcii-z-morskih-portiv-ukraini-za-tizden-skorotivsa-na-45-ukab.html
Unlock Turkey Sweden's accession to NATO is a good sign for Ukraine - Ambassador
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734408-rozblokuvanna-tureccinou-vstupu-svecii-do-nato-e-dobrim-znakom-i-dla-ukraini-posol.html
SPuzio held a seminar for Ukrainian migrants in Toronto
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3734339-sfuzo-provela-seminar-dla-ukrainskih-pereselenciv-u-toronto.html
States track the actions of the Russian Federation and Belarus associated with nuclear weapons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734567-stati-vidstezuut-dii-rf-i-bilorusi-povazani-z-adernou-zbroeu.html
Business supports VAT and income tax up to 10% and salary tax up to 20%
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734412-biznes-pidtrimue-znizenna-pdv-i-podatku-na-pributok-do-10-ta-podatku-na-zarplati-do-20.html
The government has allocated more than ₴ 1.7 billion to recover health facilities in nine regions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3734421-urad-vidiliv-ponad-17-milarda-na-vidnovlenna-medzakladiv-u-devati-regionah.html
In the Tavriysk direction, the army of the Russian Federation pulled reserves from the Akhmat-Vostok battalion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734365-na-tavrijskij-napramok-armia-rf-pidtagnula-rezervi-z-bataljonu-ahmatvostok.html
NATO Summit "In a Practical Way" will demonstrate the support of the future accession of Ukraine - Blinken
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734418-samit-nato-u-prakticnij-sposib-prodemonstrue-pidtrimku-majbutnogo-vstupu-ukraini-blinken.html
Rutte: The prospect of Ukraine's accession to NATO is, but when - it is impossible to predict
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734423-rutte-perspektiva-vstupu-ukraini-do-nato-e-ale-koli-nemozlivo-peredbaciti.html
Known Date of the next Tyson Fury duel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734424-vidoma-data-nastupnogo-poedinku-tajsona-furi.html
In Ukraine tomorrow mainly without precipitation, in the afternoon up to +30 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3734302-v-ukraini-zavtra-perevazno-bez-opadiv-vden-do-30.html
OP discussed with the European Commission representative implementation of judicial reform
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734430-v-op-obgovorili-z-predstavnikom-evrokomisii-realizaciu-sudovoi-reformi.html
The mention of opening in Tokyo NATO office was removed from the project of a joint statement of the summit - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734431-zgadku-pro-vidkritta-v-tokio-ofisu-nato-pribrali-z-proektu-spilnoi-zaavi-samitu-zmi.html
Oles Pushkin died in Belarus in Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734433-u-bilorusi-pomer-u-reanimacii-politvazen-oles-puskin.html
Boris Johnson Upish became a father
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734439-boris-dzonson-uvosme-stav-batkom.html
WAKS continued for two months a precaution of princely
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3734442-vaks-prodovziv-na-dva-misaci-zapobiznij-zahid-knazevu.html
In Vilnius, an exhibition about Russian military crimes in Ukraine was opened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3734440-u-vilnusi-vidkrili-vistavku-pro-rosijski-voenni-zlocini-v-ukraini.html
Germany will hand over to Ukraine air defense and armored vehicles, but not long -range missiles - Pistorius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734441-nimeccina-peredast-ukraini-ppo-i-bronetehniku-ale-ne-dalekobijni-raketi-pistorius.html
Bindl completed the performances at the Bostode tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734444-bajndl-zaversila-vistupi-na-turniri-v-bostadi.html
Dovbush movie released an official poster
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3734446-film-dovbus-vipustiv-oficijnij-poster.html
Water supply in Dnipropetrovsk is planned to be restored by autumn - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3734448-vodopostacanna-na-dnipropetrovsini-planuetsa-vidnoviti-do-oseni-smigal.html
The Russians throw units to Zaporozhye to keep the land corridor in Crimea - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3734449-rosiani-perekidaut-pidrozdili-na-zaporizza-dla-utrimanna-suhoputnogo-koridoru-v-krim-fedorov.html
It is not necessary to leave Ukraine's membership in NATO "suspended" - Kuleba
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734568-ne-slid-zalisati-clenstvo-ukraini-v-nato-pidvisenim-kuleba.html
Prigogine became a direct challenge for Putin's power - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734452-prigozin-stav-pramim-viklikom-dla-vladi-putina-derzdep.html
Naftogaz in the first quarter received 7.7 billion hryvnias of net profit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734451-naftogaz-u-persomu-kvartali-otrimav-77-milarda-griven-cistogo-pributku.html
It is known where the Ukrainian national team will hold the Euro-2024 selection match against England
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734456-vidomo-de-zbirna-ukraini-provede-matc-vidboru-evro2024-proti-anglii.html
Ukraine should join NATO as soon as possible - Wallace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734457-ukraina-mae-priednatisa-do-nato-akomoga-svidse-volles.html
The government has increased state order for the training of doctors and social workers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3734460-urad-zbilsiv-derzzamovlenna-na-pidgotovku-medikiv-i-socpracivnikiv.html
The state will increase government order for the training of doctors, rehabilitologists and social workers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/derzhava-zbilshyt-derzhzamovlennya-na-pidgotovku-medykiv-reabilitologiv-i-soczpraczivnykiv/
Melnik was dismissed as Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734459-melnika-zvilnili-z-posadi-zastupnika-ministra-zakordonnih-sprav.html
Stoltenberg gave a prescription as a result of NATO meeting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734465-stoltenberg-dae-preskonfereciu-na-samiti-nato.html
France will increase military assistance to Ukraine by € 170 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734468-francia-zbilsit-vijskovu-dopomogu-ukraini-na-170-miljoniv.html
Reznikov: The main goal of Ukraine is a full -fledged NATO membership
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734482-reznikov-golovna-meta-ukraini-povnocinne-clenstvo-u-nato.html
Ukraine will be invited to NATO without MAP, but after fulfilling the requirements - a summit decision
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734464-ukrainu-zaprosat-do-nato-bez-pdc-ale-pisla-vikonanna-vimog-stoltenberg.html
Armed Forces Pilots in Britain will begin in late July or early August - Prystyko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734467-navcanna-pilotiv-zsu-u-britanii-rozpocnetsa-naprikinci-lipna-abo-na-pocatku-serpna-pristajko.html
Daniel Riccardo will replace Nika de Vris in Alfa Tauri
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734470-daniel-rikkardo-zaminit-nika-de-vrisa-v-alfa-tauri.html
In the Spanish city of Murcia held the Day of Ukrainian Culture
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3734361-v-ispanskomu-misti-mursia-proveli-den-ukrainskoi-kulturi.html
A ten -year -old Japanese volunteer visited Nikolaev to gather children's stories about the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3734471-desatiricna-aponska-volonterka-vidvidala-mikolaiv-abi-zibrati-ditaci-istorii-pro-vijnu.html
Svitolina beat the first "racket" of the world and went to the semi -finals of Wimbledon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734477-svitolina-obigrala-persu-raketku-svitu-ta-vijsla-u-pivfinal-vimbldonu.html
Border guards destroyed the Russians's stronghold near Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734484-prikordonniki-znisili-opornij-punkt-rosian-bila-bahmuta.html
The first UEFA Champions League qualifying round started
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734569-startuvav-persij-vidbirkovij-raund-ligi-cempioniv-uefa.html
The result of certification by Russian occupants of teenagers is a military account - a human rights activist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3734487-naslidkom-pasportizacii-rosijskimi-okupantami-pidlitkiv-e-vijskovij-oblik-pravozahisnica.html
The coalition for training Ukrainian pilots F-16 is formed-Reznikov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734488-koalicia-z-navcanna-ukrainskih-pilotiv-f16-sformovana-reznikov.html
The Ministry of Finance has placed the T -bills for ₴ 13.66 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734490-minfin-rozmistiv-ovdp-majze-na-1366-milarda.html
Zelensky in Vilnius: NATO will give Ukraine security, Ukraine will make NATO stronger
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734492-zelenskij-u-vilnusi-nato-dast-ukraini-bezpeku-ukraina-zrobit-nato-silnisim.html
The Junior Judo National Team will perform at the Austrian stage of the European Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734491-uniorska-zbirna-ukraini-z-dzudo-vistupit-na-avstrijskomu-etapi-kubka-evropi.html
In five directions per day there were 17 clashes, heavy fights continue
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734493-na-pati-napramkah-za-dobu-vidbulisa-17-zitknen-trivaut-vazki-boi.html
In Ukraine, large -scale air alarm - in Russia could take off
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732963-ukrainou-siritsa-povitrana-trivoga-v-rosii-zletiv-mig.html
Zelensky brought in Vilnius a battle flag from Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734500-zelenskij-priviz-u-vilnus-bojovij-prapor-iz-bahmuta.html
ARMA will publish all the documents provided by the Law on Access to Public Information
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734497-arma-opriludnit-vsi-dokumenti-peredbaceni-zakonom-pro-dostup-do-publicnoi-informacii.html
The State Property Fund sells the first -confiscated enterprise from the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734502-fond-derzmajna-prodae-perse-konfiskovane-u-rosian-pidpriemstvo.html
Britain ordered the production of ammunition for £ 280 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734504-britania-zamovila-virobnictvo-boepripasiv-na-280-miljoniv.html
NATO Summit: Russia is fully responsible for the invading war against Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734506-samit-nato-rosia-nese-povnu-vidpovidalnist-za-zagarbnicku-vijnu-proti-ukraini.html
Stefanchuk with the leadership of Poland honored the memory of the victims of the Volyn tragedy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734509-stefancuk-iz-kerivnictvom-polsi-vsanuvali-pamat-zertv-volinskoi-tragedii.html
Wimbledon: Kostyuk couldn't break to 1/2 of the mixed discharge finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734511-vimbldon-kostuk-ne-zmogla-probitisa-do-12-finalu-zmisanogo-rozradu.html
Canada opposes the use of cassette ammunition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734513-kanada-vistupae-proti-zastosuvanna-kasetnih-boepripasiv.html
Ukraine would be "defenseless" without cassette ammunition - Blinken
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734570-ukraina-bula-b-bezzahisnou-bez-kasetnih-boepripasiv-blinken.html
The Russians attacked the community from the drone in the Nikopol district
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734515-rosiani-atakuvali-z-drona-gromadu-v-nikopolskomu-rajoni.html
Wimbledon -2023: Lyudmila Kichenok - in the semi -finals of Miksta
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734539-vimbldon2023-ludmila-kicenok-u-pivfinali-mikstu.html
It remains high probability of rocket launchers and air strikes in Ukraine - General Staff
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/zalyshayetsya-vysokoyu-jmovirnist-zavdavannya-raketnyh-ta-aviaudariv-po-ukrayini-genshtab/
In New York, there were billions of rainfall in New York, a person was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734481-u-stati-nujork-zlivi-zavdali-zbitkiv-na-milardi-zaginula-ludina.html
France's decision to transfer missiles SCalp certifies the support of Ukraine in the world - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734518-risenna-francii-pro-peredacu-raket-scalp-zasvidcue-pidtrimku-ukraini-svitom-danilov.html
Ministers of Culture of Ukraine and Poland honored the memory of the victims of the Volyn tragedy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734519-ministri-kulturi-ukraini-ta-polsi-vsanuvali-pamat-zertv-volinskoi-tragedii.html
"Our military will not let down": Danilov announced news from the captured Berdyansk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734520-nasi-vijskovi-ne-pidvedut-danilov-anonsuvav-novini-iz-zahoplenogo-berdanska.html
Svitolina: "Schwontek - 
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734522-svitolina-svontek-1-u-sviti-i-zavzdi-boretsa-prote-sogodni-a-peremogla.html
Allies of the Alliance confirmed that the future of Ukraine is in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734523-souzniki-po-alansu-pidtverdili-so-majbutne-ukraini-u-nato.html
The Zelensky Spouses and other NATO Summit participants gathered for lunch that is conducted by NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734527-podruzza-zelenskih-bere-ucast-v-obidi-z-nagodi-provedenna-samitu-nato.html
In Iceland, the volcano eruption near Reykjavik slows down
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734524-v-islandii-spovilnuetsa-viverzenna-vulkana-bila-rejkavika.html
Bribes for the border crossing: The Suspicion was informed by the People's Deputy and her assistant
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3734530-habari-za-peretin-kordonu-pro-pidozru-povidomili-narodnij-deputatci-ta-ii-pomicnici.html
France will simplify the process of supplying weapons to Ukraine - Reznikov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734531-francia-sprostit-proces-postacanna-zbroi-ukraini-reznikov.html
The United States has imposed sanctions against the Excellent Defense of Serbia, who cooperated with Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734534-ssa-zaprovadili-sankcii-proti-eksministra-oboroni-serbii-akij-spivpracuvav-z-rosieu.html
Government restricted the use of information on pharmacy signs that can mislead consumers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3734535-urad-obmeziv-vikoristanna-na-aptecnih-viviskah-informacii-so-moze-vvesti-spozivaciv-v-omanu.html
On the damaged shelling of Kurakhiv TPP resumed the operation of one power unit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734536-na-poskodzenij-obstrilami-kurahivskij-tes-vidnovili-robotu-odnogo-energobloku.html
Zelensky announced new protection tools for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734537-zelenskij-anonsuvav-novi-instrumenti-zahistu-dla-ukraini.html
Following the decision of the summit in Vilnius Ukraine's path to NATO will be shorter - the Czech President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734538-pisla-risenna-samitu-u-vilnusi-slah-ukraini-do-nato-bude-korotsim-prezident-cehii.html
Wimbledon -2023: Lyudmila Kichenok - in the semi -finals of Miksta
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734539-vimbldon2023-ludmila-kicenok-u-pivfinali-mikstu.html
Magura's Main Master-Satellite Magura Marcus wrote a report to move to a lower position
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734541-golovnij-majsterserzant-brigadi-magura-markus-napisav-raport-sob-perejti-na-nizcu-posadu.html
The Polish Seimas adopted a resolution on Volyn tragedy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3734544-sejm-polsi-uhvaliv-rezoluciu-sodo-volinskoi-tragedii.html
Marchenko went out to the 1/8 finals of the ATP Tournament Series Challenger in Chicago
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734543-marcenko-vijsov-do-18-finalu-turniru-atp-serii-challenger-v-cikago.html
Our defenders successfully holding back enemy attacks in all directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/nashi-zahysnyky-uspishno-strymuyut-ataky-voroga-na-vsih-napryamkah/
The government has changed the order of assignment to displaced persons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734547-urad-zminiv-poradok-priznacenna-viplat-vpo.html
In the Tavriysk direction, the Russians lost almost two mouths and 14 pieces of equipment a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734549-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-rosiani-za-dobu-vtratili-majze-dvi-roti-ta-14-odinic-tehniki.html
The Government has changed the order of accounting of artesian wells
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734550-urad-zminiv-poradok-obliku-artezianskih-sverdlovin.html
In Sumy region, the Russians more than 20 times a day fired at border communities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734552-na-sumsini-rosiani-ponad-20-raziv-za-den-obstrilali-prikordonni-gromadi.html
Ukraine's membership in NATO does not depend on the requirements and calculations of Russia - the State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734553-clenstvo-ukraini-v-nato-ne-zalezit-vid-vimog-ta-rozrahunkiv-rosii-derzdep.html
The Russian Federation declared the detention of the killer of the Krasnodar submarine commander
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734556-slidkom-rf-zaaviv-pro-zatrimanna-vbivci-komandira-pidvodnogo-covna-krasnodar.html
Poland promises to provide infrastructure for training Ukrainian pilots on F-16
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734564-polsa-obicae-nadati-infrastrukturu-dla-navcanna-ukrainskih-pilotiv-na-f16.html
Dzhokovich continued the protection of the title on Wimbledon, beating Rublev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734560-dzokovic-prodovzue-zahist-titulu-peremozca-vimbldona-obigravsi-rublova.html
The State Department explained what allies are expecting from Ukraine on the way to NATO membership
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734565-derzdep-poasniv-cogo-souzniki-ocikuut-vid-ukraini-na-slahu-do-clenstva-v-nato.html
States track the actions of the Russian Federation and Belarus associated with nuclear weapons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734567-stati-vidstezuut-dii-rf-i-bilorusi-povazani-z-adernou-zbroeu.html
It is not necessary to leave Ukraine's membership in NATO "suspended" - Kuleba
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734568-ne-slid-zalisati-clenstvo-ukraini-v-nato-pidvisenim-kuleba.html
The first UEFA Champions League qualifying round started
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734569-startuvav-persij-vidbirkovij-raund-ligi-cempioniv-uefa.html
Ukraine would be "defenseless" without cassette ammunition - Blinken
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734570-ukraina-bula-b-bezzahisnou-bez-kasetnih-boepripasiv-blinken.html
The air defense forces that night destroyed 26 of 28 drones
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/syly-ppo-cziyeyi-nochi-znyshhyly-26-iz-28-droniv-kamikadze-ta-rozviduvalnyj-bpla-typu-zala/
NATO summit began in Lithuania: what to wait for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/u-lytvi-rozpochynayetsya-samit-nato-chogo-chekaty-ukrayini/
The vast majority of EU citizens expresses for continuing Ukraine's support, including weapons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/absolyutna-bilshist-gromadyan-yes-vyslovlyuyetsya-za-prodovzhennya-pidtrymky-ukrayiny-zokrema-zbroyeyu/
Magura's Main Master-Satellite Magura Marcus wrote a report to move to a lower position
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734541-golovnij-majsterserzant-brigadi-magura-markus-napisav-raport-sob-perejti-na-nizcu-posadu.html
In Krasnodar, a submarine commander was shot dead, who "calibra" fired at Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/u-krasnodari-zastreleno-komandyra-pidvodnogo-chovna-yakyj-kalibramy-obstrilyuvav-ukrayinu/
Rescuers neutralized over 300 ammunition per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/ryatuvalnyky-zneshkodyly-ponad-300-boyeprypasiv-za-dobu/
On the eve of NATO summit increased the number of violations of the rules of flight by Russian aircraft in the Baltic region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/naperedodni-samitu-nato-zrosla-kilkist-porushen-pravyl-polotu-rosijskymy-litakamy-v-baltijskomu-regioni/
During the day, Rosarmia fired nine times border regions in the north of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/za-dobu-rosarmiya-devyat-raziv-obstrilyala-prykordonni-oblasti-na-pivnochi-ukrayiny/
During the rescue operation in Orikhov, the invaders caused another air strike
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/pid-chas-ryatuvalnoyi-operacziyi-v-orihovi-okupanty-zavdaly-shhe-odnogo-aviaudaru/
The Polish Seimas adopted a resolution on Volyn tragedy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3734544-sejm-polsi-uhvaliv-rezoluciu-sodo-volinskoi-tragedii.html
Record loss of Russian artillery: so that this managed to achieve
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/rekordni-vtraty-rosijskoyi-artyleriyi-zavdyaky-chomu-cze-vdalosya-dosyagty/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Eastern border of Ukraine - and the limit that never cross the Russian dictatorship again
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/volodymyr-zelenskyj-shidnyj-kordon-ukrayiny-ta-mezha-yakoyi-bilshe-nikoly-ne-perejty-rosijskij-dyktaturi/
The enemy blackmails the termination of the grain agreement - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/vorog-shantazhuye-prypynennyam-zernovoyi-ugody-nataliya-gumenyuk/
Detained FSB agents who prepared terrorist attacks in Zaporozhye - intercepting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/zatrymano-agentiv-fsb-yaki-gotuvaly-terakty-na-zaporizhzhi-perehoplennya/
The price of the likes is the life of the military: Anna Malyar on how early posts are harming the defense of the state
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/czina-lajkiv-zhyttya-vijskovyh-ganna-malyar-pro-te-yak-zavchasni-dopysy-shkodyat-oboroni-derzhavy/
Marchenko went out to the 1/8 finals of the ATP Tournament Series Challenger in Chicago
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3734543-marcenko-vijsov-do-18-finalu-turniru-atp-serii-challenger-v-cikago.html
In the military units created groups of psychological accompaniment - Military Media Center
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/u-vijskovyh-chastynah-stvoreni-grupy-psyhologichnogo-suprovodu-military-media-center/
Russians have to withdraw their troops from the ZPP, which undermines the safety of the largest nuclear power plant in Europe - Jens Stoltenberg
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/rosiyany-povynni-vyvesty-svoyi-vijska-iz-zaes-cze-pidryvaye-bezpeku-najbilshoyi-atomnoyi-elektrostancziyi-v-yevropi-yens-stoltenberg/
The Wagnerians intended to seize nuclear weapons and reached the Voronzh-45-GUR.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/vagnerivczi-maly-namir-zahopyty-yadernu-zbroyu-ta-dijshly-do-bazy-voronyezh-45-gur/
The draft law on strengthening defense in the context of Euro -Atlantic integration of Ukraine is considered
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/rozglyanuto-zakonoproyekt-shhodo-zmicznennya-oboronozdatnosti-u-konteksti-yevroatlantychnoyi-integracziyi-ukrayiny/
The sappers of the State Support Service continue to be exchanged by Mykolaiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/sapery-derzhspecztranssluzhby-prodovzhuyut-rozminovuvaty-mykolayivshhynu/
76% of Ukrainian refugees plan or hope to return home - UN survey
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/76-ukrayinskyh-bizhencziv-planuyut-abo-spodivayutsya-povernutysya-dodomu-opytuvannya-oon/
As a result of shelling of settlements of Ukraine, 3 civilians were killed by the army of the Russian Federation, 16 were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/vnaslidok-obstriliv-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-armiyeyu-rf-zagynulo-3-czyvilni-osoby-16-poraneno/
Over the past day, our aviation has made 15 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/za-mynulu-dobu-nasha-aviacziya-zavdala-15-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
Margus Tsakhkna: Ukraine should become a member of NATO in the future
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/margus-czahkna-ukrayina-maye-staty-chlenom-nato-v-majbutnomu/
Defense forces per day destroyed more than half a thousand invaders, helicopter and 17 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/syly-oborony-za-dobu-znyshhyly-shhe-ponad-piv-tysyachi-okupantiv-gelikopter-ta-17-bbm/
In Vinnitsa, they named the street in honor of the dead helicopter Sergei Khomik
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/u-vinnyczi-nazvaly-vulyczyu-na-chest-zagyblogo-vertolitnyka-sergiya-homika/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 17,000 crimes against National Security have been documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-17-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-naczbezpeky-9/
Today for an hour for hotline calls will be responsible
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/sogodni-protyagom-godyny-na-dzvinky-garyachoyi-liniyi-vidpovidatyme-komanduvach-syl-tro-zsu-2/
France provides Ukraine with long -range missiles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/francziya-nadaye-ukrayini-dalekobijni-rakety/
Forced issuance of Russian passports in the occupied territories does not give grounds for the loss of Ukrainian citizenship - the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/prymusova-vydacha-rosijskyh-pasportiv-na-okupovanyh-terytoriyah-ne-daye-pidstav-dlya-vtraty-gromadyanstva-ukrayiny-mzs/
Joe Biden stated that he supports the decision to simplify Ukraine's path to NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/dzho-bajden-zayavyv-shho-pidtrymuye-rishennya-shhodo-sproshhennya-shlyahu-ukrayiny-do-nato/
Ukraine once again advocated the annual NATO's mutual exercises - Cwix
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/ukrayina-vkotre-vystupyla-na-shhorichnyh-navchannyah-nato-iz-vzayemosumisnosti-cwix/
The government has changed the order of assignment to displaced persons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734547-urad-zminiv-poradok-priznacenna-viplat-vpo.html
For the first time in Ukraine, a woman-Vynkov was a special course in survival of the forces of special operations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/upershe-v-ukrayini-zhinka-vijskova-projshla-speczkurs-vyzhyvannya-syl-speczialnyh-operaczij/
The Navy named the number of ships that the aggressor country holds in three seas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/u-vms-nazvaly-chyslo-korabliv-yaki-krayina-agresor-trymaye-v-troh-moryah/
How to quench the moral spirit and overcome combat stress: the opinion of experts
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/yak-gartuvaty-moralnyj-duh-i-dolaty-bojovyj-stres-dumka-ekspertiv/
Norway has increased the amount of military support of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/norvegiya-zbilshyla-rozmir-vijskovoyi-pidtrymky-ukrayiny/
The government has allocated more than UAH 140 million to pay state aid to prisoners
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/uryad-vydilyv-ponad-140-miljoniv-gryven-na-vyplatu-derzhavnoyi-dopomogy-polonenym/
Jens Stoltenberg: We will cancel the requirement of the RAC of Ukraine in the Alliance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/yens-stoltenberg-my-skasuyemo-vymogu-vykonannya-pdch-ukrayiny-v-alyansi/
Dmitry Lubinets met with the coordinator of the UN system in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/dmytro-lubinecz-zustrivsya-iz-koordynatorkoyu-systemy-oon-v-ukrayini/
Ukrainian military psychology is focused on primary care - Military Media Center
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/ukrayinska-vijskova-psyhologiya-sfokusovana-na-nadanni-pervynnoyi-dopomogy-military-media-center/
Denis Shmigal about NATO Summit: We expect historical decisions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/denys-shmygal-pro-samit-nato-ochikuyemo-na-istorychni-rishennya/
Energoatom was insured by all four Ukrainian NPPs in case of nuclear incident
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/energoatom-zastrahuvav-usi-chotyry-ukrayinski-aes-na-vypadok-yadernogo-inczydentu/
In the Tavriysk direction, the Russians lost almost two mouths and 14 pieces of equipment a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734549-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-rosiani-za-dobu-vtratili-majze-dvi-roti-ta-14-odinic-tehniki.html
A small UAV can destroy a tank for one and a half million dollars
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/nevelykyj-bpla-mozhe-znyshhyty-tank-za-pivtora-miljona-dolariv-valerij-zaluzhnyj/
On one of the areas of the front, the Russians tighten reserves as a result of the pressure of our shock units - Valery Shershen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/na-odnij-z-dilyanok-frontu-rosiyany-pidtyaguyut-rezervy-v-rezultati-natysku-nashyh-udarnyh-pidrozdiliv-valerij-shershen/
Ukraine has formed a coalition to prepare pilots on F-16-Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/ukrayina-sformuvala-koalicziyu-dlya-pidgotovky-pilotiv-na-f-16-oleksij-reznikov/
Tried to disrupt the counter -offensive under Bakhmut: Kramatorsk resident can spend 15 years behind bars
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/namagavsya-zirvaty-kontrnastup-pid-bahmutom-zhytel-kramatorska-mozhe-provesty-15-rokiv-za-gratamy/
The Cabinet of Ministers has approved the project of the Law of Ukraine on the development of adaptive sports
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/kabinetom-ministriv-shvaleno-proyekt-zakonu-ukrayiny-shhodo-rozvytku-adaptyvnogo-sportu/
Litpoluskrbrig conducted a workout in Lithuania
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/lytpolukrbryg-provela-trenuvannya-u-lytvi/
Alexei Reznikov in Vilnius signed a defense agreement with France
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/oleksij-reznikov-u-vilnyusi-pidpysav-oboronnu-ugodu-z-francziyeyu/
Lithuanian Army and Franco-German Brigade Blauen Express conducted joint training
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/lytovska-armiya-ta-franko-nimeczka-brygada-blauen-express-provely-spilni-navchannya/
In occupied Genichesk repressions against locals
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/v-okupovanomu-genichesku-posyleno-represiyi-proty-misczevyh-zhyteliv/
We have to work out a single state veteran policy - Irina Vereshchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/mayemo-napraczyuvaty-yedynu-derzhavnu-veteransku-polityku/
The SES received 14 specialized cars for pyrotechnic units from UNDP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/dsns-otrymala-14-speczializovanyh-avto-dlya-pirotehnichnyh-pidrozdiliv-vid-proon/
The Government has changed the order of accounting of artesian wells
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3734550-urad-zminiv-poradok-obliku-artezianskih-sverdlovin.html
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 14 beats in the areas of focus of occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-14-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv/
Oleksandr Polishchuk and Denis Sharapov met with the Government Commissioner of the Czech Republic for the Restoration of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/oleksandr-polishhuk-ta-denys-sharapov-zustrilysya-z-uryadovym-upovnovazhenym-chehiyi-z-pytan-vidnovlennya-ukrayiny/
Ukrainian flags on the Lithuanian streets prove: we are already allies - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/ukrayinski-prapory-na-lytovskyh-vulyczyah-dovodyat-my-vzhe-soyuznyky-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
NATO will give Ukraine security. Ukraine will make the Alliance stronger - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/nato-dast-ukrayini-bezpeku-ukrayina-zrobyt-alyans-sylnishym-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
The results of the first day of the Vilnius Summit-2023 for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/pidsumky-pershogo-dnya-vilnyuskogo-samitu-2023-dlya-ukrayiny/
The government has regulated the status of UBD volunteers - civilians who were directly involved in the protection of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/uryad-vregulyuvav-nadannya-statusu-ubd-dobrovolczyam-czyvilnym-osobam-yaki-braly-bezposerednyu-uchast-u-zahysti-ukrayiny/
The Ti Forces began the course of training of commanders of departments and sergeant leadership
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/u-sylah-tro-rozpochavsya-kurs-pidgotovky-komandyriv-viddilen-i-serzhantskogo-liderstva/
The Russian serviceman tells about local "entertain
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/vijskovosluzhbovecz-rf-pro-misczevi-rozvagy-ta-ochikuvannya-skorogo-nastupu-z-oboh-storin-gur/
4 billion hryvnias were allocated for IDP residence benefits in July
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/na-vyplaty-dopomogy-na-prozhyvannya-vpo-za-lypen-spryamovano-4-mlrd-gryven/
Short. War. Day 503. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/11/korotko-vijna-den-503-videodajdzhest/
In Sumy region, the Russians more than 20 times a day fired at border communities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734552-na-sumsini-rosiani-ponad-20-raziv-za-den-obstrilali-prikordonni-gromadi.html
US does not object to Ukraine's military assistance from South Korea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734573-ssa-ne-zaperecuut-proti-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini-vid-pivdennoi-korei.html
Estonian Prime Minister - About NATO Summit Decision: This is what we can now offer Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734571-premerka-estonii-pro-risenna-samitu-nato-ce-te-so-mozemo-narazi-zaproponuvati-ukraini.html
Estonian Prime Minister - About NATO Summit Decision: This is what we can now offer Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734571-premerka-estonii-pro-risenna-samitu-nato-ce-te-so-mozemo-narazi-zaproponuvati-ukraini.html
Baiden is tightly discussed the possibility of providing Ukraine with ATACMS missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734577-u-bajdena-neglasno-obgovoruut-mozlivist-nadati-ukraini-raketi-atacms-zmi.html
US does not object to Ukraine's military assistance from South Korea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734573-ssa-ne-zaperecuut-proti-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini-vid-pivdennoi-korei.html
Biden and Erdogan discussed economic and defensive priorities and support of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734575-bajden-ta-erdogan-obgovorili-ekonomicni-j-oboronni-prioriteti-ta-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
The transfer of cassette ammunition to Ukraine will not weaken Canadian support - Zolie
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3734576-peredaca-ukraini-kasetnih-boepripasiv-ne-oslabit-kanadsku-pidtrimku-zoli.html
The showers in Japan took away six lives
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3734574-zlivi-u-aponii-zabrali-sist-zittiv.html
Ukraine and Germany have started systematic cooperation in the field of strategic communications
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/ukrayina-ta-nimechchyna-zapochatkuvaly-systemnu-spivpraczyu-u-sferi-strategichnyh-komunikaczij/
政府增加了国家训练康复专业人员和心理学家培训的秩序
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/12/uryad-zbilshyv-derzhzamovlennya-na-pidgotovku-fahivcziv-z-reabilitacziyi-ta-psyhologiv/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====