乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-04-30

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

Government will attract another 1.3 billion UAH to support business under the EBOBT program
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/uryad-zaluchyt-shhe-13-mlrd-grn-dlya-pidtrymky-biznesu-za-programoyu-yerobota/
For those who make the decision to evacuate, temporary housing is enough - Irina Vereshchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/dlya-tyh-hto-pryjmaye-rishennya-evakuyuvatysya-tymchasovogo-zhytla-vystachyt-iryna-vereshhuk/
Volodymyr Zelensky considers the creation of a national pantheon of Heroes of Ukraine in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/volodymyr-zelenskyj-vvazhaye-aktualnym-stvorennya-u-kyyevi-naczionalnogo-panteonu-geroyiv-ukrayiny/
Our defenders per day repelled over 40 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/nashi-zahysnyky-za-dobu-vidbyly-ponad-40-vorozhyh-atak/
The movement forward is always where there is healthy competition - Hero of Ukraine Igor Gordiychuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/ruh-upered-zavzhdy-tam-de-ye-zdorova-konkurencziya-geroj-ukrayiny-igor-gordijchuk/
It is not enough for Russia to be weak, it is necessary for it to respond to everything - the President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/nedostatno-lyshe-togo-shhob-rosiya-bula-slabkoyu-treba-shhob-vona-vidpovila-za-vse-skoyene-zvernennya-prezydenta-ukrayiny/
"Explosions in Sevastopol - the punishment of God for Uman!" - Andriy Yusov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/29/vybuhy-v-sevastopoli-%e2%80%95-kara-bozha-za-uman-andrij-yusov/
Reznikov explained why partners are delaying the supply of Ukraine with combat aircraft
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702895-reznikov-poasniv-comu-partneri-zvolikaut-iz-postacannam-ukraini-bojovih-litakiv.html
The days of Ukrainian cinema will take place in Vilnius - what will be shown
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3702712-u-vilnusi-vidbudutsa-dni-ukrainskogo-kino-so-pokazut.html
OK "South": The Russians brought into the Black Sea underwater rocket launchers with "caliber"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702894-ok-pivden-rosiani-viveli-u-corne-more-pidvodni-raketonosii-z-kalibrami.html
The invaders fired Pavlograd, the authorities call people to stay in shelters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702892-u-pavlogradi-prolunali-potuzni-vibuhi.html
Kharkiv's recovery requires $ 9.5 billion - Terekhov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3702890-na-vidnovlenna-harkova-potribno-95-milardiv-terehov.html
In the temporarily occupied Berdyansk, explosions were heard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702887-u-timcasovo-okupovanomu-berdansku-prolunali-vibuhi.html
Canada has rolled civilians from Sudan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702883-kanada-zgornula-aviaevakuaciu-civilnih-z-sudanu.html
The national team of Ukraine won Romania in the final match of Euro-2024 from handball
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702882-zbirna-ukraini-peremogla-rumuniu-u-zaklucnomu-matci-vidboru-evro2024-z-gandbolu.html
The Ministry of Internal Affairs and SPSU leaders in the hospital awarded wounded border guards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3702881-kerivniki-mvs-ta-dpsu-u-spitali-nagorodili-poranenih-prikordonnikiv.html
The truce in Sudan continued for another 72 hours
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702877-peremira-u-sudani-prodovzili-se-na-72-godini.html
The British Minister has criticized railways through a strike on Eurovision Final
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702874-britanskij-ministr-rozkritikuvav-zaliznicnikiv-cerez-strajk-u-den-finalu-evrobacenna.html
From Kizomis in Kherson region evacuated all children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702871-z-kizomisa-na-hersonsini-evakuuvali-vsih-ditej.html
The invaders threw all their resources at Bakhmut, but the defense of the city copes - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702872-vprodovz-tizna-shid-zalisavsa-epicentrom-bojovih-dij-malar.html
The Russians fired a fire department in Orikhov in Zaporozhye
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702869-rosiani-obstrilali-pozeznu-castinu-v-orihovi-na-zaporizzi.html
Ukraine and the EU have discussed cooperation within a large -scale macro -financial program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3702867-ukraina-ta-es-obgovorili-spivpracu-u-mezah-masstabnoi-makrofinansovoi-programi.html
APL: Liverpool won Tottenham in a productive match and rose to the top 5
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702866-apl-liverpul-peremig-tottengem-u-rezultativnomu-matci-i-pidnavsa-do-top5.html
Ireland replied to the Kremlin's reproaches in Anti -Russian Propaganda: Ukraine's support is adamant
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3702865-irlandia-vidpovila-na-zakidi-kremla-v-antirosijskij-propagandi-pidtrimka-ukraini-nepohitna.html
On aircraft in Istanbul you can "fly" on "Dreams" and An-2
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3702860-na-aviavistavci-u-stambuli-mozna-politati-na-mrii-ta-an2.html
In Irpen, a mural dedicated to Bakhmut was opened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702858-v-irpeni-vidkrili-mural-prisvacenij-bahmutu.html
The invaders hit the heavy artillery again in the Nikopol district, there is a dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702854-zagarbniki-znovu-vdarili-z-vazkoi-artilerii-po-nikopolskomu-rajonu-e-zagiblij.html
The Czech President does not exclude NATO's Summit in Vilnius Security Guarantees for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3702853-prezident-cehii-ne-viklucae-shvalenna-na-samiti-nato-u-vilnusi-bezpekovih-garantij-dla-ukraini.html
British scientists have created an artificial intelligence algorithm capable of detecting cancer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3702849-britanski-vceni-stvorili-algoritm-stucnogo-intelektu-zdatnij-viavlati-rak.html
"Bavaria" won "Herta" and headed the Bundesliga
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702847-bavaria-peremogla-gertu-j-ocolila-bundesligu.html
Zaluzhny visited Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702845-zaluznij-vidvidav-lviv.html
The Armed Forces reflected 20 attacks by the Russians in Bakhmut and Marinka fights
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702844-zsu-za-den-vidbili-20-atak-rosian-u-bahmuti-ta-marinci-tocatsa-boi.html
The Czech Republic should consider recognizing the deportation of Crimean Tatars with genocide - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3702843-cehia-mae-rozglanuti-pitanna-sodo-viznanna-deportacii-krimskih-tatar-genocidom-prezident.html
The NBU sold almost $ 445 million on the interbank interbank
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3702842-nbu-za-tizden-prodav-na-mizbanku-majze-445-miljoniv.html
Lubinets advises Ukrainians in the occupied territories to take a passport of the Russian Federation for the sake of conservation of life
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3702838-lubinec-radit-ukraincam-na-okupovanih-teritoriah-brati-pasport-rf-zaradi-zberezenna-zitta.html
Lithuanian Foreign Minister appealed to "peacekeepers": request negotiations with Putin, not Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702836-glava-mzs-litvi-zvernuvsa-do-mirotvorciv-vimagajte-peregovoriv-u-putina-a-ne-zelenskogo.html
Podolyak predicted how much time Ukraine will take to become a member of NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3702637-radnik-zelenskogo-sprognozuvav-skilki-casu-ukraini-znadobitsa-abi-stati-clenom-nato.html
In Ukraine on the last day of April, small rains are expected, up to +16 ° in the afternoon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702555-v-ukraini-v-ostannij-den-kvitna-ocikuutsa-neveliki-dosi-vden-do-16.html
In Rivne region, an explosion stirred up: the authorities say about the Night training of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702638-na-rivnensini-progrimiv-vibuh-vlada-kaze-pro-nicni-navcanna-zsu.html
The US confiscated Iranian oil, Tehran captured the Tanker in Persian Gulf in response
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702639-ssa-konfiskuvali-iransku-naftu-tegeran-u-vidpovid-zahopiv-tanker-u-perskij-zatoci.html
G7 digitalization ministers agreed five principles of managing artificial intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3702640-ministri-cifrovizacii-g7-uzgodili-pat-principiv-upravlinna-stucnim-intelektom.html
Tot residents can register a place of residence without removal from previous registration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3702642-ziteli-tot-mozut-zareestruvati-misce-prozivanna-bez-znatta-z-poperednoi-reestracii.html
Ukrainian military reflected 58 enemy attacks in four directions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702643-ukrainski-vijskovi-vidbili-58-vorozih-atak-na-cotiroh-napramkah.html
Law enforcement in the USA set up horrible details of the armed attack in Texas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702644-pravoohoronci-u-ssa-vstanovili-zahlivi-podrobici-zbrojnogo-napadu-v-tehasi.html
In the Ireland Parliament, they insist on the Russian ambassador from the country
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702645-u-parlamenti-irlandii-napolagaut-na-vislanni-rosijskogo-posla-z-kraini.html
The DPRK is actively building a nuclear scientific complex where weapons can be produced
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702648-kndr-aktivno-rozbudovue-adernij-naukovij-kompleks-de-moze-viroblatisa-zbrojovij-uran.html
After the "cotton" at the oil depot in the Crimea, the Russian military began to flee on vacation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3702647-pisla-bavovni-na-naftobazi-u-krimu-rosijski-vijskovi-pocali-tikati-u-vidpustki.html
Honor artillery covered Nikopol, damaged houses and power lines
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702651-voroza-artileria-nakrila-nikopol-poskodzeni-budinki-ta-linia-elektroperedac.html
Defense forces destroyed 190 510 Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702657-sili-oboroni-znisili-vze-190-510-rosian.html
The memory of the senior soldier of the Azov Regiment Edward Goroshochka (call sign "ED DED")
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699941-pamati-starsogo-soldata-polku-azov-eduarda-gorosocka-pozivnij-ed-ded.html
The invaders in the morning struck Kupyansk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702662-zagarbniki-zranku-zavdali-udaru-po-kupansku.html
NHL: "Toronto" and "Edmonton" went to the quarterfinals of the Stanley Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702665-nhl-toronto-ta-edmonton-vijsli-do-cvertfinalu-kubka-stenli.html
Russian troops were fired at Kherson 27 times, civilian was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702668-vijska-rf-27-raziv-obstrilali-hersonsinu-zaginuv-civilnij.html
Prigogine is afraid of the Armed Forces Costratus in Bakhmut - Institute for War Study
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702671-prigozin-boitsa-kontratak-zsu-u-bahmuti-institut-vivcenna-vijni.html
"Denver" led in a series with "Phoenix" in the NBA playoffs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702673-denver-poviv-u-serii-z-finiksom-u-plejoff-nba.html
The Russian army killed 477 children in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702675-rosijska-armia-vbila-v-ukraini-477-ditej.html
In Marinka and Bakhmuta, street battles continue at minimum distances - National Guard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702682-u-marinci-ta-bahmuti-trivaut-vulicni-boi-na-minimalnih-vidstanah-nacgvardia.html
Russian soldiers are thrown into pits with lattice for violation of discipline - British intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702683-soldativ-rf-kidaut-u-ami-z-gratami-za-porusenna-disciplini-britanska-rozvidka.html
Ukrainian Gandball players with Romanians complete the qualification of the CHE-2024
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702684-ukrainski-gandbolisti-matcem-z-rumunami-zaversuut-kvalifikaciu-ce2024.html
The invaders in the Luhansk region forced state employees to patrol the sky in search of Ukrainian UAVs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702686-zagarbniki-na-lugansini-zmusili-budzetnikiv-patruluvati-nebo-u-posukah-ukrainskih-bpla.html
At night the Russians released five rockets on Kramatorsk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702692-unoci-rosiani-vipustili-pat-raket-po-kramatorsku.html
The storm in the Black Sea forced the Russians to get rocket launchers in base points - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702693-storm-u-cornomu-mori-zmusiv-rosian-zavesti-raketonosii-v-punkti-bazuvanna-gumenuk.html
After the fire at the Sevastopol Oil and Family, the RF family is actively evacuated - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3702696-pisla-pozezi-na-naftobazi-sevastopola-rodini-vijskovih-rf-aktivno-evakuuutsa-gumenuk.html
Bilodid: To admit to the competition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702697-bilodid-dopuskati-na-zmaganna-vijskovosluzbovciv-krainiterorista-nepripustimo.html
The school at the Embassy of the Russian Federation returned the City Hall of Warsaw
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702701-skolu-pri-posolstvi-rf-povernuli-merii-varsavi.html
In Uzbekistan vote for a new constitution that allows the President to run for the third time
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702708-v-uzbekistani-golosuut-za-novu-konstituciu-aka-dozvolae-prezidentu-balotuvatisa-utrete.html
Volleyball players of Ukraine to the Euroleiga matches will play with the Germans and Slovaks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702709-volejbolistki-zbirnoi-ukraini-do-matciv-evroligi-zigraut-z-nimkenami-ta-slovackami.html
Success in offensive actions is impossible without air cover - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702710-uspih-u-nastupalnih-diah-nemozlivij-bez-povitranogo-prikritta-ignat.html
Germany confirmed the transfer to Ukraine by the second IRIS-T air defense system
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702711-nimeccina-pidtverdila-peredacu-ukraini-drugoi-sistemi-ppo-irist.html
The days of Ukrainian cinema will take place in Vilnius - what will be shown
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3702712-u-vilnusi-vidbudutsa-dni-ukrainskogo-kino-so-pokazut.html
The Russians fired nine regions of Ukraine in a day - erection of ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702713-rosiani-za-dobu-obstrilali-devat-oblastej-ukraini-zvedenna-ova.html
In Uman, say goodbye to five dead as a result of rocket stroke
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702714-v-umani-poprosautsa-iz-patma-zagiblimi-vnaslidok-raketnogo-udaru.html
In India, gas leakage has occurred at the factory, there are dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702717-v-indii-stavsa-vitik-gazu-na-zavodi-e-zagibli.html
The Czech President made an inscription on Ukrainian military equipment: "Russia, go home"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702719-prezident-cehii-zrobiv-napis-na-ukrainskij-vijskovij-tehnici-rosia-jdi-dodomu.html
Rescuers warn of significant avalanche danger in the Carpathians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702720-ratuvalniki-poperedzaut-pro-znacnu-lavinnu-nebezpeku-u-karpatah.html
Since the beginning of the war, 1 150 border guards have been marked by state
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702722-vid-pocatku-vijni-derznagorodami-vidznaceni-1-150-prikordonnikiv-golova-dpsu.html
Matches of the 24th round of the Football Premier League of Ukraine will be held on May 3-4
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702725-matci-24go-turu-futbolnoi-premerligi-ukraini-projdut-34-travna.html
Chinese military evacuated more than a thousand people from Sudan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702728-kitajski-vijskovi-evakuuvali-bils-ak-tisacu-ludej-iz-sudanu.html
Paraguay has a presidential election that resolves the issue of taiwan links
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702727-u-paragvai-prohodat-vibori-prezidenta-na-akih-virisuetsa-pitanna-zvazkiv-iz-tajvanem.html
Russian troops at night fired at the border of Sumy and Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702732-vijska-rf-vnoci-odinadcat-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-i-cernigivsini.html
Tsurenko was unable to break through to the fourth circle of WTA tournament in Madrid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702737-curenko-ne-zmogla-probitisa-do-cetvertogo-kola-turniru-wta-u-madridi.html
Charles on Coronation will use the mantle of his grandfather King George VI
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702738-carlz-na-koronacii-vikoristovuvatime-mantii-svogo-dida-korola-georga-vi.html
Zaluzhny - Border Guards: You are the first to give a decent response to the invaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702741-zaluznij-prikordonnikam-vi-persi-hto-dav-gidnu-vidpovid-zagarbnikam.html
In the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine do not exclude Beijing's mediation in the termination of war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3702742-v-mzs-ukraini-ne-viklucaut-poserednictva-pekina-u-pripinenni-vijni.html
In the first days of May, dry weather with night frosts will be kept
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702745-u-persi-dni-travna-zberezetsa-suha-pogoda-z-nicnimi-zamorozkami.html
The President awarded Honorary Honorary Honorary "For Courage and Courage" three border detachments
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3702747-prezident-nagorodiv-pocesnou-vidznakou-za-muznist-ta-vidvagu-tri-prikordonni-zagoni.html
Russia seeks to take control of the numerous militarized groups - GUR
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702751-rf-pragne-vzati-pid-kontrol-cislenni-rosijski-voenizovani-ugrupovanna-gur.html
The invaders fired Avdiivka from Grads, tanks and hit the plane
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702755-rosiani-obstrilali-avdiivku-z-gradiv-tankiv-ta-vdarili-z-litaka.html
The number of victims of an explosion at the Indian plant increased to 11
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702757-kilkist-zertv-vibuhu-na-indijskomu-zavodi-zrosla-do-11.html
Ukraine will boycott the Judo World Championship through the admission of athletes of Russia and Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702758-ukraina-bojkotuvatime-cempionat-svitu-z-dzudo-cerez-dopusk-atletiv-rosii-ta-bilorusi.html
For the year at the Media Center Ukraine - Ukrinform held almost 700 briefings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3702759-za-rik-u-mediacentri-ukraina-ukrinform-proveli-majze-700-brifingiv.html
In Odessa to the day of the border guard opened the monument "Wall of Heroes"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702767-v-odesi-do-dna-prikordonnika-vidkrili-monument-stina-geroiv.html
The International Canoe Federation allowed to compete to the Russians and Belarusians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702768-miznarodna-federacia-kanoevesluvanna-dozvolila-zmagatisa-rosianam-ta-bilorusam.html
Zelensky raised in the rank of three State Border Guard Officers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702770-zelenskij-pidvisiv-u-zvanni-troh-oficeriv-derzprikordonsluzbi.html
Ukraine has signed three new agreements with Bayraktar manufacturer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3702773-ukraina-pidpisala-tri-novih-ugodi-iz-virobnikom-bayraktar.html
Ukraine and Japan have agreed to cooperate in the field of digital technologies
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3702775-ukraina-i-aponia-domovilisa-spivpracuvati-u-sferi-cifrovih-tehnologij.html
In Britain, Ukrainian military is working out training, capture and maintenance of positions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702778-u-britanii-ukrainski-vijskovi-vidpracovuut-pidgotovku-zahoplenna-ta-utrimanna-pozicij.html
Ukraine calls the world to accelerate the confiscation of Russian assets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3702787-ukraina-zaklikae-svit-prisvidsiti-konfiskaciu-rosijskih-aktiviv.html
Kherson extinguished a fire caused by night shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702788-u-hersoni-zagasili-pozezu-spricinenu-nicnim-obstrilom.html
Zelensky presented the awards to the border guards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3702793-zelenskij-vruciv-nagorodi-prikordonnikam.html
Formula-1, Grand Prix Azerbaijan-2023: Light Win the Race
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702794-formula1-granpri-azerbajdzanu2023-peres-vigrav-gonku.html
Decentralization of the power system will make communities stable - Ministry of Energy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702795-decentralizacia-energosistemi-zrobit-gromadi-stijkimi-minenergo.html
Twitter resumed accounts of the two largest Indian media after lock
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3702798-twitter-vidnoviv-akaunti-dvoh-najbilsih-indijskih-zmi-pisla-blokuvanna.html
The network has intensified fraudsters who offer Ukrainians "help" from international organizations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3702800-u-merezi-aktivizuvalisa-sahrai-aki-proponuut-ukraincam-dopomogu-vid-miznarodnih-organizacij.html
Shmigal told about the results of a working visit to Italy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3702802-smigal-rozpoviv-pro-rezultati-robocogo-vizitu-do-italii.html
The world should show Russia that it will never be forgiven terror - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702808-svit-mae-pokazati-rosii-so-ih-nikoli-ne-probacat-teror-zelenskij.html
The army of the Russian Federation fired at the border of Chernihiv and Sumy region seven times
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702804-armia-rf-sim-raziv-obstrilala-prikordonna-cernigivsini-j-sumsini.html
The occupier is not to select our peace that is part of a Ukrainian character - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702811-okupantu-ne-vidibrati-u-nas-mir-akij-e-castinou-ukrainskogo-harakteru-zelenskij.html
The tenth modular medical center was installed on the liberated Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702806-na-zvilnenij-hersonsini-vstanovili-desatij-modulnij-medpunkt.html
Chinese Din Lishen became a new chess champion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702807-kitaec-din-lizen-stav-novim-cempionom-svitu-z-sahiv.html
"Journalism is not a crime": Biden urged the Russian Federation to release the WSJ Correspondent
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702810-zurnalistika-ce-ne-zlocin-bajden-zaklikav-rf-zvilniti-korespondenta-wsj-gerskovica.html
18 "fast" from France arrived in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3702812-v-ukrainu-pribuli-18-svidkih-iz-francii.html
In Britain, an unknown attacked people near a nightclub - there is a dead, seven more injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702815-u-britanii-nevidomij-napav-na-ludej-bila-nicnogo-klubu-e-zagiblij-se-semero-poraneni.html
In Khmelnytskyi there was a charity race in support of the wounded military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702818-na-hmelniccini-projsov-blagodijnij-zabig-na-pidtrimku-poranenogo-vijskovogo.html
Russians from artillery fired at Kherson region, a woman was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702819-rosiani-z-artilerii-obstrilali-hersonsinu-zaginula-zinka.html
Ukrainian Kovtun won two "gold" at the stage of the COP in gymnastics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702820-ukrainec-kovtun-zavouvav-dva-zolota-na-etapi-ks-zi-sportivnoi-gimnastiki.html
In Cuba for the first time in 64 years canceled the traditional parade on May 1
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702823-na-kubi-vperse-za-64-roki-skasuvali-tradicijnij-parad-na-1-travna.html
Reznikov congratulated the border guards: we will win and control every meter of our border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702824-reznikov-privitav-prikordonnikiv-peremozemo-i-kontroluvatimemo-kozen-metr-nasogo-kordonu.html
APL: Newcastle won Southampton
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702825-apl-nukasl-peremig-sautgempton.html
Man City overcame Fulgem and headed the APL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702828-man-siti-zdolav-fulgem-i-ocoliv-apl.html
In Bakhmut, a journalist-military Vladimir Mukan was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702829-u-bahmuti-zaginuv-zurnalistvijskovij-volodimir-mukan.html
Lithuanian Foreign Minister appealed to "peacekeepers": request negotiations with Putin, not Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702836-glava-mzs-litvi-zvernuvsa-do-mirotvorciv-vimagajte-peregovoriv-u-putina-a-ne-zelenskogo.html
Lubinets advises Ukrainians in the occupied territories to take a passport of the Russian Federation for the sake of conservation of life
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3702838-lubinec-radit-ukraincam-na-okupovanih-teritoriah-brati-pasport-rf-zaradi-zberezenna-zitta.html
The NBU sold almost $ 445 million on the interbank interbank
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3702842-nbu-za-tizden-prodav-na-mizbanku-majze-445-miljoniv.html
The Czech Republic should consider recognizing the deportation of Crimean Tatars with genocide - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3702843-cehia-mae-rozglanuti-pitanna-sodo-viznanna-deportacii-krimskih-tatar-genocidom-prezident.html
The Armed Forces reflected 20 attacks by the Russians in Bakhmut and Marinka fights
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702844-zsu-za-den-vidbili-20-atak-rosian-u-bahmuti-ta-marinci-tocatsa-boi.html
Zaluzhny visited Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702845-zaluznij-vidvidav-lviv.html
"Bavaria" won "Herta" and headed the Bundesliga
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702847-bavaria-peremogla-gertu-j-ocolila-bundesligu.html
British scientists have created an artificial intelligence algorithm capable of detecting cancer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3702849-britanski-vceni-stvorili-algoritm-stucnogo-intelektu-zdatnij-viavlati-rak.html
The Czech President does not exclude NATO's Summit in Vilnius Security Guarantees for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3702853-prezident-cehii-ne-viklucae-shvalenna-na-samiti-nato-u-vilnusi-bezpekovih-garantij-dla-ukraini.html
The invaders hit the heavy artillery again in the Nikopol district, there is a dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702854-zagarbniki-znovu-vdarili-z-vazkoi-artilerii-po-nikopolskomu-rajonu-e-zagiblij.html
In Irpen, a mural dedicated to Bakhmut was opened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702858-v-irpeni-vidkrili-mural-prisvacenij-bahmutu.html
On aircraft in Istanbul you can "fly" on "Dreams" and An-2
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3702860-na-aviavistavci-u-stambuli-mozna-politati-na-mrii-ta-an2.html
Ireland replied to the Kremlin's reproaches in Anti -Russian Propaganda: Ukraine's support is adamant
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3702865-irlandia-vidpovila-na-zakidi-kremla-v-antirosijskij-propagandi-pidtrimka-ukraini-nepohitna.html
APL: Liverpool won Tottenham in a productive match and rose to the top 5
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702866-apl-liverpul-peremig-tottengem-u-rezultativnomu-matci-i-pidnavsa-do-top5.html
Ukraine and the EU have discussed cooperation within a large -scale macro -financial program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3702867-ukraina-ta-es-obgovorili-spivpracu-u-mezah-masstabnoi-makrofinansovoi-programi.html
The Russians fired a fire department in Orikhov in Zaporozhye
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702869-rosiani-obstrilali-pozeznu-castinu-v-orihovi-na-zaporizzi.html
The invaders threw all their resources at Bakhmut, but the defense of the city copes - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702872-vprodovz-tizna-shid-zalisavsa-epicentrom-bojovih-dij-malar.html
From Kizomis in Kherson region evacuated all children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702871-z-kizomisa-na-hersonsini-evakuuvali-vsih-ditej.html
The British Minister has criticized railways through a strike on Eurovision Final
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702874-britanskij-ministr-rozkritikuvav-zaliznicnikiv-cerez-strajk-u-den-finalu-evrobacenna.html
The truce in Sudan continued for another 72 hours
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702877-peremira-u-sudani-prodovzili-se-na-72-godini.html
The Ministry of Internal Affairs and SPSU leaders in the hospital awarded wounded border guards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3702881-kerivniki-mvs-ta-dpsu-u-spitali-nagorodili-poranenih-prikordonnikiv.html
The national team of Ukraine won Romania in the final match of Euro-2024 from handball
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702882-zbirna-ukraini-peremogla-rumuniu-u-zaklucnomu-matci-vidboru-evro2024-z-gandbolu.html
Canada has rolled civilians from Sudan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3702883-kanada-zgornula-aviaevakuaciu-civilnih-z-sudanu.html
In the temporarily occupied Berdyansk, explosions were heard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702887-u-timcasovo-okupovanomu-berdansku-prolunali-vibuhi.html
Kharkiv's recovery requires $ 9.5 billion - Terekhov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3702890-na-vidnovlenna-harkova-potribno-95-milardiv-terehov.html
The invaders fired Pavlograd, the authorities call people to stay in shelters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702892-u-pavlogradi-prolunali-potuzni-vibuhi.html
OK "South": The Russians brought into the Black Sea underwater rocket launchers with "caliber"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702894-ok-pivden-rosiani-viveli-u-corne-more-pidvodni-raketonosii-z-kalibrami.html
Reznikov explained why partners are delaying the supply of Ukraine with combat aircraft
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702895-reznikov-poasniv-comu-partneri-zvolikaut-iz-postacannam-ukraini-bojovih-litakiv.html
Short. War. Day 430. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/korotko-vijna-den-430-videodajdzhest/
A serviceman of the Russian Federation in a telephone conversation comments on combat loss as a result of their assault actions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/vijskovosluzhbovecz-rf-v-telefonnij-rozmovi-komentuye-bojovi-vtraty-vnaslidok-yih-shturmovyh-dij/
In the Kherson region as a result of another shelling, a woman was killed under the rubble
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/na-hersonshhyni-vnaslidok-chergovogo-obstrilu-pid-zavalamy-zagynula-zhinka/
Supporting and treating mental disorders under the Medicinal Program is available in more than 250 medical facilities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/suprovid-i-likuvannya-psyhichnyh-rozladiv-za-programoyu-medgarantij-dostupnyj-vzhe-v-ponad-250-medzakladah/
Cyber -winners are trying to attack the state authorities of Ukraine with fake "operating system updates"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/kiberzlovmysnyky-namagayutsya-atakuvaty-derzhorgany-ukrayiny-fejkovymy-onovlennyamy-operaczijnoyi-systemy/
Free Ukrainian language courses for IDPs start in Lviv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/na-lvivshhyni-startuyut-bezkoshtovni-kursy-z-ukrayinskoyi-movy-dlya-vpo/
A well -known American astronaut has raised $ 650,000 per ambulance for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/vidomyj-amerykanskyj-astronavt-zibrav-650-000-na-karety-shvydkoyi-dopomogy-dlya-ukrayiny/
SBU special forces arrange "hot nights" to occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/speczpryznachenczi-sbu-vlashtovuyut-garyachi-nochi-okupantam/
Our defenders of the last day knocked down 5 UAVs, among which-"Orlan-10"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-mynulu-dobu-zavdala-3-udary-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
The enemy struck 7 rocket and 39 aviation strike
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/mynuloyi-doby-protyvnyk-zavdav-7-raketnyh-ta-39-aviaczijnyh-udariv-zdijsnyv-50-obstriliv-z-rszv/
Due to a large -scale fire in Crimea rumors about the inability of air defense to protect the temporarily occupied peninsula
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/cherez-masshtabnu-pozhezhu-u-krymu-shyryatsya-chutky-pro-nezdatnist-ppo-rf-zahystyty-tymchasovo-okupovanyj-pivostriv/
Ukrainian soldiers reflected 58 enemy attacks in four directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/syly-oborony-ukrayiny-vidbyly-58-vorozhyh-atak-na-chotyroh-napryamkah/
Another minus 470 occupants, 2 tanks and 5 BBM: daily loss of enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/shhe-minus-470-okupantiv-2-tanky-ta-5-bbm-dobovi-vtraty-voroga/
Two more machines of mechanized demining from the Howard Buffette Fund arrived in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/v-ukrayinu-prybuly-shhe-dvi-mashyny-mehanizovanogo-rozminuvannya-vid-fonda-govarda-baffeta/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-5/
Swedish instructors in Britain are taught Ukrainian military fighting in urban development
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/shvedski-insturktory-u-brytaniyi-vchat-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-vesty-bij-v-miskij-zabudovi/
848 explosive objects were neutralized in Ukraine per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/v-ukrayini-za-dobu-zneshkodyly-848-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
The Netherlands has been sent to Ukraine for the third time to investigate war crimes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/niderlandy-vtretye-vidpravyly-v-ukrayinu-grupu-dlya-rozsliduvannya-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
The Russians fired 125 settlements in eight regions of Ukraine a day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/rosiyany-za-dobu-obstrilyaly-125-naselenyh-punktiv-u-vosmy-oblastyah-ukrayiny/
Ilya Kovtun Army won two awards for COP Gymnastics in Cairo
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/armiyecz-illya-kovtun-zdobuv-dvi-nagorody-na-ks-zi-sportyvnoyi-gimnastyky-v-kayiri/
President of Ukraine congratulated the border guards on a professional holiday
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/glava-derzhavy-pryvitav-prykordonnykiv-iz-profesijnym-svyatom-vy-shhodnya-demonstruyete-stijkist-ta-sylu/
Without the preference in the air is difficult to succeed during defensive or offensive actions - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/bez-perevagy-v-povitri-vazhko-dosyagty-uspihu-pid-chas-oboronnyh-chy-nastupalnyh-dij-yurij-ignat/
In the Black Sea, seven enemy ships without rocket carriers are on duty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/u-chornomu-mori-cherguyut-sim-vorozhyh-korabliv-bez-raketonosiyiv/
Natalia Humeniuk: In Crimea - streams of traveling on all routes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/nataliya-gumenyuk-u-krymu-potoky-vyyizhdzhayuchyh-za-usima-marshrutamy/
Valery Zaluzhny congratulated the border guards: you demonstrate the courage and devotion to the Motherland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/valerij-zaluzhnyj-pryvitav-prykordonnykiv-vy-demonstruyete-vidvagu-ta-viddanist-batkivshhyni/
For the night, the army of the Russian Federation fired 11 times the border of Chernihiv and Sumy region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/za-nich-armiya-rf-obstrilyala-11-raziv-prykordonnya-chernigivshhyny-ta-sumshhyny/
Kirill Budanov: Liberation of temporarily occupied territories - the primary task of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/kyrylo-budanov-zvilnennya-tymchasovo-okupovanyh-terytorij-%e2%80%95-pershochergove-zavdannya-ukrayiny/
Instructors from Denmark teach Ukrainian military fighting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/instruktory-z-daniyi-navchayut-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-vedennyu-pozyczijnyh-boyiv/
President - border guards: your heroism, reliability and sustainability will help restore the state border
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/prezydent-prykordonnykam-vash-geroyizm-nadijnist-ta-stijkist-dopomozhut-vidnovyty-derzhavnyj-kordon/
The Russian Federation does not provide confirmations about the places of maintenance of prisoners of war - the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/rf-ne-nadaye-pidtverdzhen-pro-misczya-utrymannya-vijskovopolonenyh-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
Germany handed Ukraine the second IRIS-T air defense system
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/nimechchyna-peredala-ukrayini-drugu-systemu-ppo-iris-t/
In Seoul, at the fencing Grand Prix, Olga Harlan won bronze
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/u-seuli-na-etapi-gran-pri-z-fehtuvannya-armijka-olga-harlan-zdobula-bronzu/
Presidents of Ukraine and France discussed the needs of Ukrainian defense forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/prezydenty-ukrayiny-ta-francziyi-obgovoryly-potreby-ukrayinskyh-syl-oborony/
Russian troops fired at the border of Chernihiv and Sumy region seven times
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/vijska-rf-sim-raziv-obstrilyaly-prykordonnya-chernigivshhyny-j-sumshhyny/
The Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces met with General Christopher Kavola: discussed the strengthening of Ukraine's defense capability
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/golovnokomanduvach-zsu-zustrivsya-z-generalom-kristoferom-kavoli-obgovoryly-posylennya-oboronozdatnosti-ukrayiny/
The Russians struck two rocket strokes - on Konstantinovka and Kramatorsk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/rosiyany-zavdaly-dva-raketnyh-udary-po-kostyantynivczi-i-kramatorsku/
Defense forces per day repelled 20 attacks of the Russians in three directions - the General Staff of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/syly-oborony-za-dobu-vidbyly-20-atak-rosiyan-na-troh-napryamkah-genshtab-zsu/
Zero level of tolerance to corruption is the fundamental position of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/nulovyj-riven-tolerantnosti-do-korupcziyi-prynczypova-pozycziya-zsu/
In Luhansk region, the occupiers limit funeral processions and insist on cremation of mobilized
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/na-luganshhyni-okupanty-obmezhuyut-pohoronni-proczesiyi-j-napolyagayut-na-kremacziyi-mobilizovanyh/
Alexei Reznikov congratulated the border guards on a professional holiday and thanked for the service
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/oleksij-reznikov-pryvitav-prykordonnykiv-iz-profesijnym-svyatom-i-podyakuvav-za-sluzhbu/
Anna Malyar - about the situation on the front: the epicenter remains the East, in the south the enemy in defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/ganna-malyar-pro-sytuacziyu-na-fronti-epiczentrom-zalyshayetsya-shid-na-pivdni-vorog-v-oboroni/
Russia must receive signals that the world will not forgive her terror - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/rosiya-maye-otrymuvaty-sygnaly-shho-svit-ne-probachyt-yiyi-teror-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Ukraine has signed three new agreements with the Turkish company Baykar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/ukrayina-pidpysala-try-novi-ugody-z-tureczkoyu-kompaniyeyu-baykar/
The President awarded Honorary Honorary Honorary "For Courage and Courage" three border detachments
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/prezydent-nagorodyv-pochesnoyu-vidznakoyu-za-muzhnist-ta-vidvagu-try-prykordonni-zagony/
Short. War. Day 431. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/korotko-vijna-den-431-videodajdzhest/
The Russian Federation fired at Sumy three times in the evening: a private house was injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702899-rf-trici-za-vecir-obstrilala-sumsinu-postrazdav-privatnij-budinok.html
Under the rubble of the house in Avdiivka, who fired the Russian Federation in the afternoon, a person may be
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702896-pid-zavalami-budinku-v-avdiivci-akij-vden-obstrilala-rf-moze-perebuvati-ludina.html
Under the rubble of the house in Avdiivka, who fired the Russian Federation in the afternoon, a person may be
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3702896-pid-zavalami-budinku-v-avdiivci-akij-vden-obstrilala-rf-moze-perebuvati-ludina.html
The Russian Federation fired at Sumy three times in the evening: a private house was injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3702899-rf-trici-za-vecir-obstrilala-sumsinu-postrazdav-privatnij-budinok.html
Army Ilya Kovtun won two "gold" at the stage of the COP in gymnastics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/armiyecz-illya-kovtun-zavoyuvav-dva-zolota-na-etapi-ks-zi-sportyvnoyi-gimnastyky/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====