乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-04-24

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka, Nevske and Bilohorivka of Luhansk region a...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4569
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Rozdolivka, Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomark ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4570
JSC Avdiivka Directiones Rusian Army Shelled Novokalin, Steppe, Avdiivka, Tonyne, First ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4571
Zaporizka Oblast(20:12). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43615
Donetsk Oblast(21:01). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43618
Zaporizhzhya region, Poltava region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region (22: hp). Red Alrt: Aerial dash ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43622
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(22:44). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/14669
Sumska Oblast, Donetsk Oblast(22:45). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43625
Zaporizka Oblast(00:06). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43632
Zaporizka Oblast(01:40). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43634
Doctors make an invaluable contribution to the state's defense capability - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/likari-roblyat-svij-neoczinennyj-vnesok-v-oboronozdatnist-derzhavy-ganna-malyar/
On the fact of today's shelling of Nikopol drones, a pre -trial investigation has been launched
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/za-faktom-sogodnishnogo-obstrilu-bezpilotnykamy-nikopolya-rozpochato-dosudove-rozsluduvannya/
In Transcarpathia to 20 years sentenced to the Rusyn FSB recruited FSB
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700088-na-zakarpatti-do-20-rokiv-zasudili-zaverbovanogo-fsb-psevdopremera-rusiniv.html
Ukrzaliznytsia has restored the grain transit territory of Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700204-ukrzaliznica-vidnovila-tranzit-zerna-teritorieu-polsi.html
EU Post -Print at the UN: Russia has to fulfill the resolution on Ukraine if cares for multilaterality
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700202-postpred-es-pri-oon-rosia-mae-vikonati-rezoluciu-sodo-ukraini-akso-pikluetsa-pro-bagatostoronnist.html
Over the past two years, explosive weapons have taken over the lives of over 50,000 people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700201-za-ostanni-dva-roki-vibuhova-zbroa-zabrala-zitta-ponad-50-tisac-ludej.html
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled two -year, Mryanikivka, Massutivka, Lyman first, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4578
EU Council asked Georgia to present convincing results of democratic reforms by the end of the year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700200-rada-es-prosila-gruziu-predstaviti-perekonlivi-rezultati-demokraticnih-reform-do-kinca-roku.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka, Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4579
The prosecutor's office demands to take the mayor of Odessa Trukhanov in custody for millions of waste
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700198-prokuratura-vimagae-vzati-mera-odesi-truhanova-pid-vartu-za-miljonni-roztrati.html
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Markovo, Grigorivka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4580
Brazil's club accepted the name and colors of Mariupol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700197-klub-z-brazilii-prijnav-nazvu-ta-kolori-mariupola.html
JSC Avdiivka Directioz Rusian Army Shelled Novokalinova, Avdiivka, Severne, Tonne, Leso ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4581
The White House responded to the calls of individual Republicans to reduce Ukraine's support
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700194-bilij-dim-vidpoviv-na-zakliki-okremih-respublikanciv-skorotiti-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Marinka, Victory, New ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4582
JSC Shaktarske Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Bogoyavlenko, Novoukrainka, Village, Golden No ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4583
All key school disciplines will be saved - Ministry of Education
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700193-vsi-klucovi-skilni-disciplini-budut-zberezeni-minosviti.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Novosilka, Novopil of D...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4584
Fragchuk: I am satisfied with the quality of the game - not at all
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700189-sahrajcuk-rahunkom-a-zadovolenij-ale-akistu-gri-ne-zovsim.html
Near Oleshok in Kherson region the guerrillas blew up a checkpoint
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700190-bila-olesok-na-hersonsini-partizani-pidirvali-blokpost-rosian-centr-nacsprotivu.html
Russians can go on an offensive in several directions with improving weather - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700188-u-bilomu-domi-ne-viklucat-so-sili-rf-mozut-piti-v-nastup-na-kilkoh-dilankah.html
Barcelona has concluded an agreement for the reconstruction of Camp Nou
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700186-barselona-uklala-ugodu-dla-rekonstrukcii-kamp-nou.html
Israel suggested to the parties to negotiate a ceasefire in Sudan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700185-izrail-zaproponuvav-storonam-provesti-peregovori-sodo-pripinenna-vognu-v-sudani.html
The invaders during the day fired at seven communities of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700183-zagarbniki-uprodovz-dna-obstrilali-sim-gromad-sumsini-ova.html
The SBU declared suspicion of "Wagner" from Kazakhstan, who was captured under Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699980-sbu-ogolosila-pidozru-vagnerivcu-z-kazahstanu-akogo-vzali-v-polon-pid-bahmutom.html
A multi -enthusiastic test abroad want to make 16,000 people - forest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700181-multipredmetnij-test-za-kordonom-hocut-sklasti-16-tisac-osib-lisovij.html
"AZ" U-19-Winner of the UEFA Youth League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700179-az-u19-peremozec-unackoi-ligi-uefa.html
US post -press at the UN reminded Laurel's main principles of the organization's statute
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700178-postpred-ssa-pri-oon-nagadala-lavrovu-golovni-principi-statutu-organizacii.html
Kostyuk and Svitolina conducted a joint training in Madrid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700176-kostuk-ta-svitolina-proveli-spilne-trenuvanna-v-madridi.html
У вівторок Україну прогріє до +20°
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700010-u-vivtorok-ukrainu-progrie-do-20.html
India's population this week will exceed the number of China - UN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700174-naselenna-indii-cogo-tizna-perevisit-za-kilkistu-kitaj-oon.html
White House about F-16 for Ukraine: US focused on giving the weapon that is needed right now
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700170-bilij-dim-pro-f16-dla-ukraini-ssa-zoseredzeni-na-nadanni-tiei-zbroi-aka-potribna-same-zaraz.html
The second Dutch evacuation flight flew from Sudan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700168-drugij-niderlandskij-evakuacijnij-rejs-viletiv-iz-sudanu.html
Kirovohrad region, Poltava region, Cherkasy region (14:24). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Si...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43653
Britain criticized Russia's hypocrisy at a UN Council meeting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700167-britania-rozkritikuvala-licemirstvo-rosii-na-zasidanni-radbezu-oon.html
Without free Belarus Ukraine will not be safe - Tikanovskaya
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700163-bez-vilnoi-bilorusi-ukraina-ne-bude-v-bezpeci-tihanovska.html
In Canada, an avalanche came down, there is a dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700161-u-kanadi-zijsla-lavina-e-zagiblij.html
Explosions were reported in Sevastopol, due to suspected naval drones attack
https://t.me/censor_net/28262
Donetsk Oblast(08:55). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43637
Fire at oil depot in Rovenky, Luhansk region. Occupation authorities blame Ukrainian drones
https://t.me/censor_net/28265
Zaporizka Oblast(09:34). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12328
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(09:41). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43639
Russian army conducted 1 missile strike, 46 airstrikes and around 60 shelling with MLRS in Lu...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4576
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Hremyach of Chernihiv reg...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4577
Russian army conducted missile strike in Kramatorsk with 2 missiles overnight
https://t.me/UkraineNow/32095
Donetsk Oblast(13:43). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43646
Zaporizhzhya region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region (14:22). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Su ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43650
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(14:25). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24182
Sumska Oblast(14:25). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43655
An unknown quadrocopter fell on the territory of the Moscow Oil Refinery
https://t.me/bazabazon/17135
Donetsk Oblast(14:25). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43656
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(14:39). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43657
Zaporizka Oblast(15:19). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43669
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(15:19). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43670
Donetsk Oblast(15:14). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43668
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(15:48). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43671
Antonio Guterres, the head of the UN, denounces in front of Sergei Lavrov the devastation of ...
https://twitter.com/RFI/status/1650506777421570053
FSB detained a man in St.Petersburg, accused him in a plotting arsons against police vehicles
https://t.me/shot_shot/50512
Ukrainian air defense shot down 9 drones today, including 6 Shahed and 2 Lancet
https://t.me/suspilnenews/20134
ClearView AI views Ukraine as a place to develop new products
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3699998-clearview-ai-rozgladae-ukrainu-ak-misce-dla-rozrobki-novih-produktiv.html
Italy's largest lake has been minimized in the past 70 years
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700002-najbilse-ozero-italii-zmililo-do-minimumu-za-ostanni-70-rokiv.html
In Texas as a result of shooting at a party, 9 teenagers were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700001-u-tehasi-vnaslidok-strilanini-na-vecirci-postrazdali-9-pidlitkiv.html
Japan protested Russia through a ban for former inhabitants of the disputed islands
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700004-aponia-zaavila-rosii-protest-cerez-zaboronu-dla-kolisnih-ziteliv-spirnih-ostroviv.html
The EU has created a civilian mission in Moldova to counteract hybrid threats
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700005-es-stvoriv-civilnu-misiu-u-moldovi-dla-protidii-gibridnim-zagrozam.html
Bakhmuta volleyball players made their way to Super League of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700006-volejbolisti-bahmuta-probilisa-do-superligi-ukraini.html
In Kherson region, invaders threaten to leave without medical services people who have not received passports of Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700009-na-hersonsini-zagarbniki-pogrozuut-zalisiti-bez-medposlug-ludej-aki-ne-otrimali-pasportiv-rf.html
Almost 12,000 objects have already been restored in Kyiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700011-na-kiivsini-vze-vidnovili-majze-12-tisac-obektiv-ova.html
Night explosions in Sevastopol were "very successful" - Chubarov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3700012-nicni-vibuhi-v-sevastopoli-buli-duze-uspisnimi-cubarov.html
Obtain an excerpt about criminal record now in "Action"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700014-otrimati-vitag-pro-nesudimist-teper-mozna-v-dii.html
Zelensky in Zhytomyr awarded the Order of Prime Minister Estonia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700021-zelenskij-u-zitomiri-nagorodiv-ordenom-premerku-estonii.html
The Russians fired twice from the artillery of Sumy region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700018-rosiani-dvici-obstrilali-z-artilerii-prikordonna-sumsini.html
The NAPC sanction lists are now in online service Youcontrol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700020-sankcijni-spiski-nazk-vidteper-e-v-onlajnservisi-youcontrol.html
China first published global color images of Mars
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3700023-kitaj-uperse-opublikuvav-globalni-kolorovi-zobrazenna-marsa.html
We do that in our power: in Berlin reacted to Melnik's words about increasing assistance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700025-robimo-so-v-nasih-silah-u-berlini-vidreaguvali-na-slova-melnika-pro-zbilsenna-dopomogi.html
The government has appointed a new composition of the Savings Bank Supervisory Board
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700026-urad-priznaciv-novij-sklad-nagladovoi-radi-osadbanku.html
EU and Norway have created the Green Alliance to combat climate change
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700027-es-ta-norvegia-stvorili-zelenij-alans-dla-borotbi-zi-zminou-klimatu.html
The format of the Tribunal for Russia should provide for the punishment of its leaders - the Prime Minister of Estonia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700028-format-tribunalu-sodo-rosii-mae-peredbacati-pokaranna-ii-lideriv-premerka-estonii.html
In Ovruch by June 1, the kindergarten will be completed at the expense of Estonia - Callas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3700029-v-ovruci-do-1-cervna-zaversat-budivnictvo-ditsadka-za-kosti-estonii-kallas.html
In Chernihiv found burials of late paganism
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700031-u-cernigovi-znajsli-pohovanna-casiv-piznogo-azicnictva.html
Estonia became the first state that began the practical restoration of Ukraine - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3700033-estonia-stala-persou-derzavou-aka-pocala-prakticne-vidnovlenna-ukraini-zelenskij.html
Lithuania for the first time in history conducted a test shutdown from the Russian power system
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700035-litva-vperse-v-istorii-provela-testove-vidklucenna-vid-rosijskoi-energosistemi.html
The Ukrainian Football team will play with Germany on June 12
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700039-zbirna-ukraini-z-futbolu-12-cervna-zigrae-z-nimeccinou.html
The EU imposed sanctions against the Russian company for supporting Assad regime
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700042-evrosouz-zaprovadiv-sankcii-proti-rosijskoi-kompanii-za-pidtrimku-rezimu-asada.html
On the rivers of Transcarpathia April 25-26 is expected to increase water levels
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700043-na-rickah-zakarpatta-2526-kvitna-ocikuetsa-pidvisenna-rivniv-vodi.html
Two new UGCC communities appeared in Hungary
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3700044-v-ugorsini-vidkrilisa-dvi-novi-gromadi-ugkc.html
Russia uses military crimes as a method of warfare - Matviychuk in the OSCE
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700048-rosia-vikoristovue-voenni-zlocini-ak-metod-vedenna-vijni-matvijcuk-v-obse.html
Veterans grants: Ukrainian defenders have applied for 21 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700049-granti-dla-veteraniv-ukrainski-zahisniki-podali-zaavok-na-na-21-miljon.html
The Ukrainian national team was unable to get on volleyball Euro 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700050-divoca-zbirna-ukraini-ne-zmogla-potrapiti-na-volejbolne-evro2023.html
In Ukraine, milk production has increased by 13% - a profile association
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700051-v-ukraini-virobnictvo-moloka-zroslo-na-13-profilna-asociacia.html
At least 420 people were killed as a result of hostilities in Sudan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700052-sonajmense-420-ludej-zaginuli-vnaslidok-bojovih-dij-u-sudani.html
In the UN is ready to help the EU resolve the issue with excess Ukrainian grain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700053-v-oon-gotovi-dopomogti-es-virisiti-pitanna-z-nadliskom-ukrainskogo-zerna.html
For the first quarter of depositors of bankrupt banks paid ₴ 1.5 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700054-za-persij-kvartal-vkladnikam-zbankrutilih-bankiv-viplatili-15-milarda.html
The invaders are changing the fields in the Melitopol district
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700057-zagarbniki-minuut-pola-u-melitopolskomu-rajoni.html
The Parliamentary Summit of the Crimean Platform will be held in Prague on October 24
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3700058-parlamentskij-samit-krimskoi-platformi-projde-u-prazi-24-zovtna.html
The first edition of Piece William Shakespeare was presented in London
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3700060-u-londoni-predstavili-perse-vidanna-pes-vilama-sekspira.html
NATO's membership and security guarantees: Zelensky and Callas have signed a declaration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700062-clenstvo-ukraini-v-nato-i-garantii-bezpeki-zelenskij-i-kallas-pidpisali-deklaraciu.html
Poland increases the number of the army to avoid Bucha or Irpen tragedies - Blaschak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700065-polsa-zbilsue-ciselnist-armii-dla-uniknenna-tragedij-buci-ci-irpena-blasak.html
Ukraine and Austria will deepen cooperation in the field of culture - MKIP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3700068-ukraina-ta-avstria-poglibluvatimut-spivpracu-u-sferi-kulturi-mkip.html
Ukraine has already released more than 2230 people from Russian captivity, including 140 civilians - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700069-ukraina-vze-zvilnila-z-rosijskogo-polonu-ponad-2230-osib-sered-akih-140-civilnih-zelenskij.html
Ukraine's football team will receive a new mentor by June - Pavelko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700073-futbolna-zbirna-ukraini-otrimae-novogo-nastavnika-do-cervna-pavelko.html
In the Black Sea, Russia keeps ships closer to Novorossiysk - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700074-u-cornomu-mori-rosia-trimae-korabli-blizce-do-novorosijska-gumenuk.html
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs responded to Hungarian statements about Russia's permission for Ukraine's accession to NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700075-u-mzs-vidreaguvali-na-ugorski-zaavi-pro-dozvil-rosii-dla-vstupu-ukraini-u-nato.html
Azerbaijan blocked the path connecting Armenia and Nagorny Karabakh
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700077-azerbajdzan-zablokuvav-slah-so-spolucae-virmeniu-ta-nagirnij-karabah.html
The invaders put fourteen -year -old teenagers in Zaporozhye
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700080-zagarbniki-stavlat-na-vijskovij-oblik-cotirnadcatiricnih-pidlitkiv-na-zaporizzi.html
Ukraine is expecting a positive decision of partners to provide combat aircraft - Stefanchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700084-ukraina-ocikue-na-pozitivne-risenna-partneriv-sodo-nadanna-bojovih-litakiv-stefancuk.html
The Nikolaev theater at the festival in Poland presented a performance about family relations during the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3700086-mikolaivskij-teatr-na-festivali-u-polsi-predstaviv-vistavu-pro-rodinni-stosunki-pid-cas-vijni.html
UPL: Alexandria and Ingulets have played a non -host match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700087-upl-oleksandria-ta-ingulec-zigrali-bezgolovij-matc.html
Hungary has suspended a pass across the border with Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700089-ugorsina-timcasovo-prizupinila-propusk-cerez-kordon-z-ukrainou.html
Helsi created a service that resembles a medicine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700094-v-helsi-stvorili-servis-akij-nagadue-prijmati-liki.html
In the President's office, they responded to articles in Western media about the plans of "blows" in Moscow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700095-v-ofisi-prezidenta-vidreaguvali-na-statti-v-zahidnih-zmi-pro-plani-udariv-po-moskvi.html
Stefanchuk invited to visit Ukraine all who still doubt the need for a tribunal for the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700096-stefancuk-zaprosiv-vidvidati-ukrainu-vsih-hto-dosi-sumnivaetsa-v-neobhidnosti-tribunalu-dla-rf.html
Security of the region: Zelensky in Zhytomyr region held a coordination meeting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700098-bezpeka-oblasti-zelenskij-na-zitomirsini-proviv-koordinacijnu-naradu.html
In the center of Jerusalem the car drove into the crowd, five victims
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700100-u-centri-erusalima-avtomobil-vihav-u-natovp-patero-postrazdalih.html
The Ukrainian national team defeated Serbia's hockey players at the World Cup in Estonia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700103-zbirna-ukraini-rozgromila-hokeistiv-serbii-na-cempionatu-svitu-v-estonii.html
The UN Secretary General in a speech in the Radbeza devoted one sentence to Ukraine against Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700106-gensek-oon-u-vistupi-v-radbezi-prisvativ-vijni-rosii-proti-ukraini-odne-recenna.html
Stefanchuk called on the heads of EU parliaments to recognize the Holodomor with genocide
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700107-stefancuk-zaklikav-goliv-parlamentiv-krain-es-viznati-golodomor-genocidom.html
Stefanchuk is counting on Turkey's support of Ukraine's membership in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700109-stefancuk-rozrahovue-na-pidtrimku-tureccinou-clenstva-ukraini-v-nato.html
To make peaceful suggestions, you first need to visit Ukraine - Borrel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700110-sob-visuvati-mirni-propozicii-spocatku-potribno-vidvidati-ukrainu-borrel.html
The enemy focused on three directions, the forces of defense reflected 30 attacks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700114-vorog-zoseredivsa-na-troh-napramkah-sili-oboroni-vidbili-30-atak.html
Moravetsky expects the European Commission's decision this week on Ukrainian products
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700115-moraveckij-ocikue-cogo-tizna-risenna-evrokomisii-sodo-ukrainskih-produktiv.html
Marchenko was unable to break into the main net of the ATP tournament in Ostrava
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700116-marcenko-ne-zmig-probitisa-do-osnovnoi-sitki-turniru-atp-v-ostravi.html
In Kropyvnytskyi, an unplanned session of the regional council is collected - they want to release the head
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700117-u-kropivnickomu-zbiraut-pozaplanovu-sesiu-oblradi-hocut-zvilniti-golovu.html
Lavrov on the UN Rada voiced a new version of the causes of war in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700118-lavrov-na-radbezi-oon-ozvuciv-novu-versiu-pricin-vijni-v-ukraini.html
The Cabinet of Ministers in half a year must do the work to renam the place names in Crimea - Chubarov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3700119-kabmin-za-piv-roku-mae-provesti-robotu-iz-perejmenuvanna-toponimiv-u-krimu-cubarov.html
Stefanchuk discussed with the heads of Bundestag and Bundesrat membership of Ukraine in the EU and NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700121-stefancuk-obgovoriv-z-ocilnikami-bundestagu-i-bundesratu-clenstvo-ukraini-v-es-ta-nato.html
The national team of Ukraine won three awards for Parfence Kos on wheelchairs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700122-zbirna-ukraini-viborola-tri-nagorodi-na-ks-z-parafehtuvanna-na-vizkah.html
In Spain there were clashes during the reburial founder of the fascist movement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700124-v-ispanii-stalisa-suticki-pid-cas-perepohovanna-zasnovnika-fasistskogo-ruhu.html
The US greet any support of Ukraine from all countries-White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700126-ssa-vitaut-budaku-pidtrimku-ukraini-vid-usih-krain-bilij-dim.html
Solsky discussed with Albanian Minister exports of agricultural products from Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700127-solskij-obgovoriv-iz-albanskim-ministrom-eksport-agroprodukcii-z-ukraini.html
Naev checked the Armed Forces position at the Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700129-naev-pereviriv-pozicii-zsu-na-prikordonni-sumsini.html
The real causes of the war, or how Rospropaganda works: In Kiev, an interactive exhibition has been discharged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3700130-spravzni-pricini-vijni-abo-ak-pracue-rospropaganda-u-kievi-vidrili-interaktivnu-vistavku.html
100 drones were sent to Ukrainian military under Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700132-dla-ukrainskih-vijskovih-pid-bahmutom-vidpravili-100-droniv.html
A pass across the border with Hungary resumed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700133-propusk-cerez-kordon-z-ugorsinou-vidnovili.html
Norwegian Scatec is interested in strengthening Ukraine's energy stability
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700134-norvezka-scatec-zacikavlena-u-zmicnenni-energeticnoi-stijkosti-ukraini.html
The Speaker of the Verkhovna Rada called on the heads of the EU parliaments to support the Ukrainian formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700135-spiker-vr-zaklikav-goliv-parlamentiv-es-pidtrimati-ukrainsku-formulu-miru.html
Lithuania protested the China through a scandalous statement by the ambassador about the status of post -Soviet countries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700139-litva-vislovila-knr-protest-cerez-skandalnu-zaavu-posla-pro-status-postradanskih-krain.html
Zelensky: We are already preparing our energy for the next winter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700140-zelenskij-uze-gotuemo-nasu-energetiku-do-nastupnoi-zimi.html
The EU should support Ukraine and determine how to build relations with the Russian Federation - the head of the Czech Parliament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700142-es-mae-pidtrimuvati-ukrainu-ta-viznacatisa-ak-buduvati-vidnosini-z-rf-glava-parlamentu-cehii.html
Zelensky and Prime Minister of Estonia spoke with students of Zhytomyr Polytechnic
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700144-zelenskij-i-premerka-estonii-pospilkuvalisa-zi-studentami-zitomirskoi-politehniki.html
The Russians fired at the Zaporozhye region from aviation and "hail", wounded woman
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700147-rosiani-obstrilali-zaporizku-oblast-z-aviacii-ta-gradiv-poranena-zinka.html
Washington confirmed the support of Ukraine's membership in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700148-vasington-pidtverdiv-pidtrimku-clenstva-ukraini-v-nato.html
Tottenham released head coach
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700149-tottengem-zvilniv-golovnogo-trenera.html
Canada closed the embassy in Sudan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700150-kanada-zakrila-posolstvo-u-sudani.html
India has problems with the payment of Russian oil at the price above set limit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700151-india-mae-problemi-z-oplatou-rosijskoi-nafti-za-cinou-vise-vstanovlenogo-limitu.html
The invaders attacked from heavy artillery and drones of the community in Dnipropetrovsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700152-zagarbniki-atakuvali-z-vazkoi-artilerii-ta-droniv-gromadu-na-dnipropetrovsini.html
The air defense forces destroyed nine Russian drones in the east and south
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700154-sili-ppo-znisili-devat-rosijskih-droniv-na-shodi-ta-pivdni.html
Common Order Amartpack for Ukraine: EU continues to work on the implementation of the project
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700158-spilne-zamovlenna-boepripasiv-dla-ukraini-es-prodovzue-robotu-nad-realizacieu-proektu.html
The Russians fired at the border of Sumy and Chernihiv region - they recorded 40 beats
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700160-rosiani-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-i-cernigivsini-zafiksuvali-40-udariv.html
In Canada, an avalanche came down, there is a dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700161-u-kanadi-zijsla-lavina-e-zagiblij.html
Without free Belarus Ukraine will not be safe - Tikanovskaya
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700163-bez-vilnoi-bilorusi-ukraina-ne-bude-v-bezpeci-tihanovska.html
Britain criticized Russia's hypocrisy at a UN Council meeting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700167-britania-rozkritikuvala-licemirstvo-rosii-na-zasidanni-radbezu-oon.html
The second Dutch evacuation flight flew from Sudan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700168-drugij-niderlandskij-evakuacijnij-rejs-viletiv-iz-sudanu.html
White House about F-16 for Ukraine: US focused on giving the weapon that is needed right now
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700170-bilij-dim-pro-f16-dla-ukraini-ssa-zoseredzeni-na-nadanni-tiei-zbroi-aka-potribna-same-zaraz.html
India's population this week will exceed the number of China - UN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700174-naselenna-indii-cogo-tizna-perevisit-za-kilkistu-kitaj-oon.html
On Tuesday Ukraine warms up to +20 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700010-u-vivtorok-ukrainu-progrie-do-20.html
Kostyuk and Svitolina conducted a joint training in Madrid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700176-kostuk-ta-svitolina-proveli-spilne-trenuvanna-v-madridi.html
US post -press at the UN reminded Laurel's main principles of the organization's statute
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700178-postpred-ssa-pri-oon-nagadala-lavrovu-golovni-principi-statutu-organizacii.html
"AZ" U-19-Winner of the UEFA Youth League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700179-az-u19-peremozec-unackoi-ligi-uefa.html
A multi -enthusiastic test abroad want to make 16,000 people - forest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700181-multipredmetnij-test-za-kordonom-hocut-sklasti-16-tisac-osib-lisovij.html
The SBU declared suspicion of "Wagner" from Kazakhstan, who was captured under Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699980-sbu-ogolosila-pidozru-vagnerivcu-z-kazahstanu-akogo-vzali-v-polon-pid-bahmutom.html
The invaders during the day fired at seven communities of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700183-zagarbniki-uprodovz-dna-obstrilali-sim-gromad-sumsini-ova.html
Israel suggested to the parties to negotiate a ceasefire in Sudan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700185-izrail-zaproponuvav-storonam-provesti-peregovori-sodo-pripinenna-vognu-v-sudani.html
Barcelona has concluded an agreement for the reconstruction of Camp Nou
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700186-barselona-uklala-ugodu-dla-rekonstrukcii-kamp-nou.html
Russians can go on an offensive in several directions with improving weather - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700188-u-bilomu-domi-ne-viklucat-so-sili-rf-mozut-piti-v-nastup-na-kilkoh-dilankah.html
Near Oleshok in Kherson region the guerrillas blew up a checkpoint
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700190-bila-olesok-na-hersonsini-partizani-pidirvali-blokpost-rosian-centr-nacsprotivu.html
Fragchuk: I am satisfied with the quality of the game - not at all
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700189-sahrajcuk-rahunkom-a-zadovolenij-ale-akistu-gri-ne-zovsim.html
All key school disciplines will be saved - Ministry of Education
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700193-vsi-klucovi-skilni-disciplini-budut-zberezeni-minosviti.html
The White House responded to the calls of individual Republicans to reduce Ukraine's support
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700194-bilij-dim-vidpoviv-na-zakliki-okremih-respublikanciv-skorotiti-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
Brazil's club accepted the name and colors of Mariupol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700197-klub-z-brazilii-prijnav-nazvu-ta-kolori-mariupola.html
The prosecutor's office demands to take the mayor of Odessa Trukhanov in custody for millions of waste
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700198-prokuratura-vimagae-vzati-mera-odesi-truhanova-pid-vartu-za-miljonni-roztrati.html
EU Council asked Georgia to present convincing results of democratic reforms by the end of the year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700200-rada-es-prosila-gruziu-predstaviti-perekonlivi-rezultati-demokraticnih-reform-do-kinca-roku.html
Over the past two years, explosive weapons have taken over the lives of over 50,000 people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700201-za-ostanni-dva-roki-vibuhova-zbroa-zabrala-zitta-ponad-50-tisac-ludej.html
EU Post -Print at the UN: Russia has to fulfill the resolution on Ukraine if cares for multilaterality
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700202-postpred-es-pri-oon-rosia-mae-vikonati-rezoluciu-sodo-ukraini-akso-pikluetsa-pro-bagatostoronnist.html
Ukrzaliznytsia has restored the grain transit territory of Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700204-ukrzaliznica-vidnovila-tranzit-zerna-teritorieu-polsi.html
Minoreintegration has published algorithms of actions for families of missing persons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/minreintegracziyi-opublikuvalo-algorytmy-dij-dlya-rodyn-znyklyh-bezvisty/
DShV artillerymen demonstrated which finale is waiting for each of the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/artylerysty-dshv-pokazaly-yakyj-final-ochikuye-na-kozhnogo-z-okupantiv/
The General Staff of the Armed Forces showed how the Netherlands is taught by Ukrainian military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/genshtab-zsu-pokazav-yak-u-niderlandah-navchayut-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/
In the capital of Slovenia, Ukrainians continued the right to free travel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/u-stolyczi-sloveniyi-ukrayinczyam-prodovzhyly-pravo-na-bezkoshtovnyj-proyizd/
We have a battalion here … - intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/mozhlyvo-u-vas-tam-umiyut-praczyuvaty-ale-u-nas-vzagali-chmoshnyky-perehoplennya-gur/
The Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine published a reference to 20 useful services
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/kabinet-ministriv-ukrayiny-oprylyudnyv-posylannya-na-20-korysnyh-servisiv/
Our artillery destroyed three enemy Reb stations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/nasha-arta-znyshhyla-try-stancziyi-reb-voroga/
“Armored fist” that breaks the spine of a scrapeful enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/bronovanyj-kulak-yakyj-lamaye-hrebet-skazhenomu-vorogu/
During the day our warriors repulsed about 60 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/protyagom-doby-nashi-voyiny-vidbyly-blyzko-60-atak-protyvnyka/
The Russians continue to keep significant forces in border areas with Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/rosiyany-i-nadali-trymayut-znachni-syly-u-prykordonnyh-z-ukrayinoyu-rajonah/
The occupiers rob grain and mobilize civilians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/okupanty-grabuyut-zerno-ta-mobilizuyut-czyvilnyh-likariv/
Defense forces per day eliminated nearly 700 invaders, destroyed 8 tanks and 12 artsystems
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-700-okupantiv-znyshhyly-8-tankiv-i-12-artsystem/
The army of the Russian Federation was fired at Chernihiv region: 13 parishes were recorded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/armiya-rf-vchergove-obstrilyala-chernigivshhynu-zafiksovano-13-pryhodiv/
Coordinating Staff urged families of prisoners not to provide personal data to outsiders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-zaklykav-rodyny-polonenyh-ne-nadavaty-personalni-dani-storonnim-osobam/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-3/
Ukraine urged Cyprus to join the creation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/v-ukrayini-zaklykaly-kipr-doluchytysya-do-stvorennya-specztrybunalu-nad-rf/
The native prisoners of the winter hike met with representatives of the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/ridni-polonenyh-lyczariv-zymovogo-pohodu-zustrilysya-z-predstavnykamy-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu/
Almost 300 explosive items were neutralized by pyrotechnics per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/majzhe-300-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-zneshkodyly-pirotehniky-za-dobu-2/
Approved Directory for Entrants to Higher Military Educational Institutions in 2023
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/zatverdzheno-dovidnyk-dlya-vstupnykiv-do-vyshhyh-vijskovyh-navchalnyh-zakladiv-u-2023-roczi/
Concerning the entry into force of certain points of the Law of Ukraine “On Defense Procurement
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/shhodo-nabuttya-chynnosti-okremyh-punktiv-zakonu-ukrayiny-pro-oboronni-zakupivli/
The Armians won "silver" and "bronze" at the European Championship in Greco-Roman Wrestling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/armijczi-zdobuly-sriblo-ta-bronzu-na-chempionati-yevropy-z-greko-rymskoyi-borotby/
The FSB agent of the Russian Federation was detained, which collected information about the movement of defense forces in Cherkasy region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/zatrymano-agentku-fsb-rf-yaka-zbyrala-informacziyu-pro-peremishhennya-syl-oborony-na-cherkashhyni/
The Russian army fired at 98 settlements in nine regions of Ukraine a day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/armiya-rf-za-dobu-obstrilyala-98-naselenyh-punktiv-u-devyaty-oblastyah-ukrayiny/
Urgent Air Defense Product - Supplies of more anti -aircraft missile remedies and fighters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/nagalne-pytannya-ppo-postachannya-bilshoyi-kilkosti-zenitnyh-raketnyh-zasobiv-i-vynyshhuvachiv/
Alexei Danilov: Weapons are the best mediator and understandable for the Russian Federation argument of communication
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/oleksij-danilov-zbroya-najkrashhyj-poserednyk-i-zrozumilyj-dlya-rf-argument-spilkuvannya/
We are actively counterattacking - Alexander Sirsky about the situation in Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/my-aktyvno-kontratakuyemo-oleksandr-syrskyj-pro-sytuacziyu-u-bahmuti/
Occupation troops have increased the number of tavriya shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/okupaczijni-vijska-zbilshyly-kilkist-artobstriliv-na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-oleksij-dmytrashkivskyj/
Three ways to get closer to a few clicks in your smartphone
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/try-sposoby-nablyzyty-peremogu-za-kilka-klikiv-u-smartfoni/
More than 82 thousand military crimes of the Russian Federation documented the Office of Prosecutor General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/ponad-82-tysyachi-voyennyh-zlochyniv-rf-zadokumentuvav-ofis-genprokurora/
More than 35 "calibers": the Russian Federation holds two rocket launchers in the Black Sea, three more in the Mediterranean
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/blyzko-36-kalibriv-rf-utrymuye-u-chornomu-mori-dva-raketonosiyi-shhe-try-u-seredzemnomu/
To go to the borders of 1991 - a completely achievable task this year - Kirill Budanov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/vyjty-na-kordony-1991-roku-czilkom-dosyazhne-zavdannya-czogo-roku-kyrylo-budanov/
Ukraine's defense forces are very effectively used by UAV - Alexey Dmitrashkivsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/syly-oborony-ukrayiny-duzhe-efektyvno-vykorystovuyut-bpla-oleksij-dmytrashkivskyj/
South Korea expands restrictions on export of more than 740 goods to the Russian Federation and Belarus
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/pivdenna-koreya-rozshyryuye-obmezhennya-na-eksport-ponad-740-tovariv-do-rf-ta-bilorusi/
Ministry of Veterans is working on modernization of services, guarantees and opportunities for veterans and their families
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/minveteraniv-praczyuye-nad-osuchasnennyam-poslug/
In Kharkiv region, the defenders of Ukraine turned into a trash shock drone Kamikadze
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/zahysnyky-ukrayiny-peretvoryly-na-smittya-udarnyj-dron/
Giving F-16 will be an investment of decade in the security of the continent-Dmitry Kuleb
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/nadannya-f-16-stane-investycziyeyu-desyatylittya/
Dmytro Kuleba urged the European Union to speed up the supply of weapons and artillery ammunition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/dmytro-kuleba-zaklykav-yevrosoyuz-pryshvydshyty-postachannya-zbroyi-ta-artylerijskyh-boyeprypasiv/
In the use of the Ministry of Defense returned the premises in Bila Tserkva
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/u-korystuvannya-minoborony-povernuto-prymishhennya-u-bilij-czerkvi/
President of Ukraine: Life and Peace are the highest value, and the greatest meanness is to wage bandit wars
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/prezydent-ukrayiny-zhyttya-i-myr-najvyshha-czinnist-a-najbilsha-pidlist-vesty-bandytski-vijny/
The Wagnerian will stand before the court, which stormed the positions of defense forces under Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/pered-sudom-postane-vagnerivecz-yakyj-shturmuvav-pozycziyi-syl-oborony-pid-bahmutom/
Military Education in the Russian Federation: What changed from February 24, 2022
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/vijskova-osvita-v-rf-shho-zminylos-vid-24-lyutogo-2022-roku/
EU and Ukraine will recognize and enforce each other's court decisions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/yes-i-ukrayina-vyznavatymut-j-vykonuvatymut-sudovi-rishennya-odyn-odnogo/
Almost 16 million hryvnias of state assistance were listed to those who were or still in captivity
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/pererahovano-majzhe16-mln-gryven-derzhdopomogy-tym-hto-buv-chy-dosi-v-poloni/
Ukraine has increased the ban on the use of symbolism, associated with#8217;
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/ukrayina-posylyla-zaboronu-na-vykorystannya-symvoliky-povyazanoyi-z-rosijskym-naczyzmom/
On April 25, hotline calls will be answered
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/25-kvitnya-na-dzvinky-garyachoyi-liniyi-vidpovidatyme-komanduvach-syl-teroborony-zsu/
In Sumy region, a residential building - OK "North" caught fire as a result of Russian shelling.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/na-sumshhyni-unaslidok-rosijskogo-obstrilu-zagorivsya-zhytlovyj-budynok-ok-pivnich/
Ukrainian defenders and defenders have applied for grants for entrepreneurship for UAH 21 million
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-j-zahysnyczi-podaly-zayavky-na-otrymannya-grantiv-dlya-pidpryyemnycztva-na-21-mln-grn/
To the resident of the Buchan district, who glorified "Kadyrivs", threatens up to three years in prison
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/meshkanczyu-buchanskogo-rajonu-yakyj-proslavlyav-kadyrivcziv-zagrozhuye-do-troh-rokiv-pozbavlennya-voli/
Excerpt about criminal record can now be obtained in action
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/vytyag-pro-nesudymist-teper-mozhna-otrymaty-v-diyi/
Ukraine appreciates every unit of weapons transferred to us by Estonia - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/ukrayina-czinuye-kozhnu-peredanu-nam-estoniyeyu-odynyczyu-zbroyi-prezydent-ukrayiny/
We work to be released from captivity by both military and civilians - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/praczyuyemo-nad-zvilnennyam-iz-polonu-yak-vijskovyh-tak-i-czyvilnyh-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Ukrzaliznytsia restores the connection to Pokrovsk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/ukrzaliznyczya-vidnovlyuye-spoluchennya-do-pokrovska/
The enemy continues to apply the tactics of covering their military objects to the civilian population - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/vorog-prodovzhuye-zastosovuvaty-taktyku-prykryttya-svoyih-vijskovyh-obyektiv-myrnym-naselennyam-nataliya-gumenyuk/
Spouses of military doctors received the title of Honored Doctors of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/podruzhzhya-vijskovyh-medykiv-otrymalo-zvannya-zasluzhenyh-likariv-ukrayiny/
The Defense Forces of Ukraine destroyed the enemy SCR and two stations of the Reb
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/sylamy-oborony-ukrayiny-znyshheni-vorozhyj-zrk-ta-dvi-stancziyi-reb/
The enemy leads offensive actions in three directions - operational information of the General Staff of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/protyvnyk-vede-nastupalni-diyi-na-troh-napryamkah/
The Russians no longer experience the Sevastopol harbor of such "native" - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/rosiyany-vzhe-ne-vidchuvayut-sevastopolsku-gavan-takoyu-ridnoyu-nataliya-gumenyuk/
The General Staff of the Armed Forces warned the high probability of missile and air strikes throughout Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/poperedyv-pro-vysoku-jmovirnist-raketnyh/
The aggressor tries to displace our units from the position in Bakhmut - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/agresor-namagayetsya-vytisnyaty-nashi-pidrozdily/
We are already preparing our energy for the next winter - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/prezydent-ukrayiny-proviv-koordynaczijnu-naradu-na-zhytomyrshhyni/
Any new captive data is entered in the relevant register-coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/vnosyatsya-do-vidpovidnogo-reyestru-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
The occupiers use Ukrainian schools as military medical points
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/okupanty-vykorystovuyut-ukrayinski-shkoly-yak-vijskovi-medychni-punkty/
The Center for Military History of the Armed Forces was presented by the Union of White Eagle and the Golden Trizub Union
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/u-kyyevi-predstavyly-vystavkovyj-proyekt-soyuz-bilogo-orla-ta-zolotogo-tryzuba/
In the metro subway presented the exhibition "The real causes of war, or how Russian propaganda works"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/u-stolychnomu-metro-predstavyly-vystavku-spravzhni-prychyny-vijny-abo-yak-praczyuye-rosijska-propaganda/
Russian troops fired the border of Sumy and Chernihiv region - OK "North"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/rosijski-vijska-obstrilyaly-prykordonnya-sumskoyi-ta-chernigivskoyi-oblasti-ok-pivnich/
Since the beginning of the day, nine enemy UAVs have been destroyed by air forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/z-pochatku-doby-povitryanymy-sylamy-znyshheno-devyat-vorozhyh-bpla/
“We are simple, maybe we do not fight at all!Maybe ours on the other hand? ”
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/my-prosto-mozhe-vzagali-ne-za-tyh-voyuyemo-mozhe-nashi-z-inshogo-boku/
Army athletes have won two more medals at the European Championships in fighting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/armijski-sportsmeny-zdobuly-shhe-dvi-medali-na-chempionati-yevropy-z-borotby/
Short. War. Day 425. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/korotko-vijna-den-425-videodajdzhest/
In Ukraine, they plan to restore the Canadian police mission - the Ministry of Internal Affairs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700206-v-ukraini-planuut-vidnoviti-kanadsku-policejsku-misiu-mvs.html
Pentagon by the end of the year plans to pass the Armed Forces Abrams Tanks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700205-pentagon-do-kinca-roku-planue-peredati-zsu-bojovi-tanki-abrams.html
Pentagon by the end of the year plans to pass the Armed Forces Abrams Tanks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700205-pentagon-do-kinca-roku-planue-peredati-zsu-bojovi-tanki-abrams.html
In Ukraine, they plan to restore the Canadian police mission - the Ministry of Internal Affairs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700206-v-ukraini-planuut-vidnoviti-kanadsku-policejsku-misiu-mvs.html
Fox News tore a contract with such as Carlson, who opposed Ukraine's support
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700207-fox-news-rozirvala-kontrakt-z-takerom-karlsonom-akij-vistupav-proti-pidtrimki-ukraini.html
The UN Secretary General Through Lavrov handed Putin a letter to the Grain Agreement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700208-gensek-oon-cerez-lavrova-peredav-putinu-lista-sodo-zernovoi-ugodi.html
Ukraine and the world are against Russian aggression. Sanctions in action
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-sankcziyi-v-diyi-11/
Commander OB ’ United forces visited the positions of defense forces in Sumy region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/komanduvach-obyednanyh-syl-vidvidav-pozycziyi-syl-oborony-v-sumskij-oblasti/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====