乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-06

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Yeline, Mykolayivka, Ivan...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4688
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Welled Phonolivka, Novomolinsk, Kamyanka, Dvorichny, West ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4689
AT LIMAN DIRETIIN RUSSIAN Army Shelled Stelmakhivka, Andriyivka, Greek, Makeevka, Nesskhe ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4690
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Nikiforivka, Vasukivka, Novomarkovo, Markovo, Grigo ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4691
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Avdiivka, Pervomaisko, Neetailev And Karlovka of ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4692
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Krasnohorivka, Pobyeda and Novomykhaylivka of Done...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4693
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian Army Shelled Kalledar, Novoukrainka, Amenian And Shakh ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4694
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Novosilka and Novopil o...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4695
Chernihivska Oblast(18:14). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18297
Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Sumy region (18:15). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding. ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44522
Poltavska Oblast(18:16). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/11033
Zaporizka Oblast(19:13). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44528
Chernihivska Oblast(20:28). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18303
Sumska Oblast(20:28). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44531
Sumska Oblast(21:11). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44534
Donetsk Oblast(21:27). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44535
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(21:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44536
Zaporizka Oblast(21:42). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44538
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(23:45). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44540
Explosions were reported in Dnipro city
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/51644
Donetsk Oblast(02:55). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44544
Night shelling of Sumy region border: almost 40 explosions were heard in the area of 5 settlements
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/nichni-obstrily-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-majzhe-40-vybuhiv-prolunalo-v-rajoni-5-naselenyh-punktiv/
Ukraine is a priority at G7 Summit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/ukrayina-priorytetna-tema-na-samiti-g7-glava-yevrokomisiyi-u-rozmovi-z-premyerom-kanady/
Alexei Reznikov met with the General Inspector of the Bundeswehr
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/oleksij-reznikov-zustrivsya-z-generalnym-inspektorom-bundesveru/
During the day, rescuers went to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling almost 200 times
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-majzhe-200-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv/
In Ukraine, for the first time celebrate the Day of Specialists of Civil-Military Cooperation of the Armed Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/v-ukrayini-vpershe-vidznachayut-den-fahivcziv-czyvilno-vijskovogo-spivrobitnycztva-zbrojnyh-syl-ukrayiny/
The IAEA conducted a mission rotation at the Chernobyl and Rivne NPP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/magate-provela-rotacziyu-misij-na-chornobylskij-ta-rivnenskij-aes/
A day from Russian shelling killed two civilians, nine ’ yat wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/za-dobu-vid-rosijskyh-obstriliv-zagynulo-dvi-czyvilni-osoby-devyat-poraneno/
Europol has already identified 150 people involved in crimes committed during Russian aggression against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/yevropol-vzhe-identyfikuvav-150-osib-prychetnyh-do-zlochyniv-vchynenyh-pid-chas-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-proty-ukrayiny/
US Ambassador: Gender equality and inclusivity make Ukraine stronger against Russian aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/posol-ssha-genderna-rivnist-ta-inklyuzyvnist-roblyat-ukrayinu-sylnishoyu-proty-agresiyi-rf/
The law enforcement officer who tried to sell the databases of the Ukrainian military is waiting for a court
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/na-pravoohoronczya-yakyj-namagavsya-prodaty-bazy-danyh-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-chekaye-sud/
Families of captive Marines met with representatives of the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/rodyny-polonenyh-morpihiv-zustrilysya-z-predstavnykamy-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-4/
UP ’ Angue for 12 years: Donetsk resident transmitted information about the Armed Forces to the Russian security officers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/uvyaznena-na-12-rokiv-meshkanka-donechchyny-peredavala-rosijskym-sylovykam-informacziyu-pro-zsu/
Ukraine has returned the bodies of another 80 dead defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/ukrayina-povernula-tila-shhe-80-zagyblyh-oboroncziv/
Through the United24 platform, the world's first naval drones - President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/cherez-platformu-united24-zapochatkovanyj-pershyj-u-sviti-flot-morskyh-droniv-prezydent/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 17,000 crimes against National Security have been documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-17-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-naczbezpeky-3/
Ombudsman's weekly sends inquiries for missing missing - Coordination Headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/shhotyzhnya-ombudsman-nadsylaye-zapyty-rf-shhodo-znyklyh-bezvisty-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
This morning Rushists attacked Sumy region by managed flights twice
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/sogodni-vranczi-rashysty-dvichi-atakuvaly-sumshhynu-kerovanymy-aviaraketamy/
The enemy is struggling to take Bakhmut under control by May 9
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/vorog-z-usih-syl-namagayetsya-vzyaty-bahmut-pid-kontrol-do-9-travnya/
A typical Russian prisoner went for the sake of "stability" and "opportunities to advance"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/typovyj-rosijskyj-polonenyj-voyuvaty-pishov-zarady-stabilnosti-ta-mozhlyvosti-prosunutysya/
In eastern Ukraine detained Russian agents who "hunted" on Himars
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/na-shodi-ukrayiny-zatrymaly-rosijskyh-agentiv-yaki-polyuvaly-na-himars/
Wagner's exit statement from Bakhmut can be a military cunning - Petro Chernik
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/zayava-pro-vyhid-vagnera-z-bahmuta-mozhe-buty-vijskovoyu-hytristyu-petro-chernyk/
For treatment abroad evacuated Ukrainian and civilian
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/na-likuvannya-za-kordon-evakuyuvaly-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-ta-czyvilnyh/
Metropolitan Epiphanius discussed the intensification
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/mytropolyt-epifanij-obgovoryv-posylennya-spivpraczi-z-kapelanom-komanduvannya-obyednanyh-syl-zsu/
More than 1,200 explosive items have been neutralized per day of Pyrotechnics of SES
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-1200-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
The entry to the Military Medical Commissions will be electronic by the end of May
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/zapys-do-vijskovo-likarskyh-komisij-stane-elektronnym-do-kinczya-travnya/
The tactics of Russians do not change - Anna painter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/taktyka-rosiyan-ne-zminyuyetsya-ganna-malyar/
Odessa, who gave the invader of deployment of air defense systems, will spend 15 years behind bars
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/odesyt-yakyj-zdavav-okupantu-dyslokacziyi-system-ppo-provede-15-rokiv-za-gratamy/
The Legendary Star Wars actor raised over $ 1.5 million for drones for Ukrainian military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/legendarnyj-aktor-iz-zoryanyh-vijn-zibrav-ponad-15-mln-na-drony-dlya-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/
Belgium directs percentages from frozen Russian assets for the restoration of Ukraine - Prime Minister of the country
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/belgiya-spryamuye-vidsotky-vid-zamorozhenyh-rosijskyh-aktyviv-na-vidnovlennya-ukrayiny-premyer-krayiny/
NATO Secretary General Special Representative in Kiev: Ukrainian women inspire the world
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/speczpredstavnyk-genseka-nato-v-kyyevi-ukrayinski-zhinky-nadyhayut-svit/
Defense Ministers of Germany and Denmark have visited the base where Ukrainian tankers train on Leopard
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/ministry-oborony-frn-ta-daniyi-vidvidaly-bazu-de-na-leopard-1-trenuyutsya-ukrayinski-tankisty/
Last week, the military with the Navy of the Armed Forces managed to destroy 77 invaders and 4 artillery systems
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/za-mynulyj-tyzhden-vijskovym-z-vms-zsu-vdalos-znyshhyty-77-okupantiv-ta-4-artylerijski-systemy/
The masking of Rashist equipment, BC and PMM warehouses are actually leveled
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/maskuvannya-rashystskoyi-tehniky-skladiv-bk-ta-pmm-faktychno-nivelovani-mozhlyvostyamy-narodnogo-suputnyka/
He fought against the Armed Forces in the Pokrovsky district - they will judge the machine gunner "DNR"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/voyuvav-proty-zsu-u-pokrovskomu-rajoni-sudytymut-kulemetnykv-dnr/
Medical Forces Command for several weeks has been testing a record
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/komanduvannya-medychnyh-syl-vzhe-dekilka-tyzhniv-testuye-proyekt-zapysu-v-elektronnu-chergu-na-vlk/
Belgian partners handed over 4 more medical resuscitation for the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/belgijski-partnery-peredaly-shhe-4-medychni-reanimobili-dlya-zsu/
Short. War. Day 436. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/korotko-vijna-den-436-videodajdzhest/
Ukraine is preparing an import ban from Moldova - a sales representative
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705779-ukraina-gotue-zaboronu-importu-z-moldovi-kacka.html
British writer: Coronation is a contract of contract with the people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3705628-britanska-pismennica-koronacia-ce-ukladenna-korolem-britanii-kontraktu-z-narodom.html
Carnation: Today the word "Ukrainian" is what you can be proud of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705777-gvozdik-sogodni-slovo-ukrainec-te-akim-mozna-pisatisa.html
In Nizhny Novgorod, a car was blown up with a supporter of Russian aggression by Pelpin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705602-u-niznomu-novgorodi-pidirvali-avto-iz-prihilnikom-rosijskoi-agresii-prilepinim.html
Ukrainian gymnast Christina border gave "silver" at the tournament in Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705776-ukrainska-gimnastka-hristina-pogranicna-zdobula-sriblo-na-turniri-v-polsi.html
The invaders brought to the Black Sea rocket launchers with 32 "calibers"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705778-zagarbniki-viveli-u-corne-more-raketonosii-z-32-kalibrami.html
Pyrotechnics in Kherson region died due
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705768-pirotehniki-na-hersonsini-zaginuli-cerez-skidanna-vibuhivki-z-bezpilotnika.html
Yermak: Songs from the new Jamala album will be a guarantee before Crimea's return
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3705774-ermak-pisni-z-novogo-albomu-dzamali-stanut-dorogovkazami-do-povernenna-krimu-dodomu.html
Prigogine's statements are a manifestation of the internal war that began in Russia - Podolyak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705773-zaavi-prigozina-e-proavom-vnutrisnoi-vijni-aka-rozpocalasa-v-rosii-podolak.html
In most regions anxiety: invaders raised aviation, launching missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705772-u-bilsosti-regioniv-trivoga-zagarbniki-pidnali-aviaciu-mozlivij-zapusk-raket.html
Schwontek gave way to the final of the tournament in Madrid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705770-svontek-postupilas-u-finali-turniru-v-madridi.html
In the Sverdlovsk region of the Russian Federation burning warehouses with gunpowder, the evacuation is announced
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705769-u-sverdlovskij-oblasti-rf-gorat-skladi-z-porohom-ogolosena-evakuacia.html
The enemy fired at Sumy Region 11 times a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705766-vorog-za-dobu-11-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini.html
Podolyak called the explosion of the car of Prilepin an attempt by internal escalation in the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705764-podolak-nazvav-vibuh-masini-prilepina-sprobou-vnutrisnoi-eskalacii-u-rf.html
APL: Salah's goal brought Liverpool a victory over Brentford
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705765-apl-gol-salaha-prinis-liverpulu-peremogu-nad-brentfordom.html
Solsky declared disagreement with the decision of Moldova to limit the import of Ukrainian agro -products
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705761-solskij-zaaviv-pro-nezgodu-z-risennam-moldovi-obmeziti-import-ukrainskoi-agroprodukcii.html
In Russian Orenburg fell carousel - 20 victims
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705762-u-rosijskomu-orenburzi-vpala-karusel-20-postrazdalih.html
Due to the evacuation declared on the Russians on Chongar formed a huge traffic jam
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3705760-cerez-ogolosenu-rosianami-evakuaciu-na-congari-utvorivsa-veliceznij-zator.html
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Stara Huta, Baranivka, To...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4698
The SBU commented the explosion of the Prilepin machine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705756-u-sbu-prokomentuvali-vibuh-masini-prilepina.html
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Bolohivka, Krasne Pershe, Fyholivka, Novomlynsk, D...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4699
In London, during Charles III coronation, more than half a hundred protesters were detained
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705753-u-londoni-pid-cas-koronacii-carlza-iii-zatrimali-ponad-piv-sotni-protestuvalnikiv.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka of Luhansk region and Nevske, Yampolivka, B...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4700
The tenth racket of the world won't play at the tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705752-desata-raketka-svitu-ne-zigrae-na-turniri-v-rimi.html
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Minkivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Markovo, G ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4701
Zelensky met with a delegation of US state Utah
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705750-zelenskij-zustrivsa-z-delegacieu-amerikanskogo-statu-uta.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Orlovka, Lastochkine, Avdiivka, Tonic, Karlik ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4702
The enemy was fired at the Nikopol district in the day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705749-vorog-uden-obstrilav-nikopolskij-rajon-iz-gradiv-i-vazkoi-artilerii-semero-postrazdalih.html
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Kurakhove, St. George, Victory, Elizabeth, Ka ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/6-may-at-maryinka-direction-russian-army-shelled-kurakhove
Harvard's Kuleba urged Asia countries to give up neutrality and support Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705748-kuleba-u-garvardi-zaklikav-kraini-azii-vidmovitisa-vid-nejtralnosti-ta-pidtrimati-ukrainu.html
Attempted Prilepin: The Russian Federation stated that the detainee was evidenced
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705746-zamah-na-prilepina-slidkom-rf-zaaviv-so-zatrimanij-u-spravi-dav-svidcenna.html
At Shakhtarske direction Russian army shelled Shakhtarske, Prechystivka and Vuhledar of Donet...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4704
Zelensky congratulated Charles III on the crown
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705744-zelenskij-privitav-carlza-iii-z-koronacieu.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Burlatske, Vremivka, Novosilka, Z...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4705
The International Golf Federation has admitted athletes from the Russian Federation and Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705739-miznarodna-federacia-golfu-dopustila-do-zmagan-sportsmeniv-z-rf-ta-bilorusi.html
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directions. Ukr...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4706
We need to return all our people from Russian captivity - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705743-maemo-povernuti-usih-nasih-ludej-iz-rosijskogo-polonu-prezident.html
The men's team of table tennis went to the final part of the team chief
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705734-colovica-zbirna-ukraini-z-nastilnogo-tenisu-vijsla-do-finalnoi-castini-komandnogo-ce.html
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(07:00). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/15103
Explosions were audible in Dnipro city, possible due to air defense working
https://t.me/dneproperatyv/62029
Explosions were reported in Northern Crimea near Dzhankoi
https://t.me/Tsaplienko/31203
Ukrainian air defense of command East shot down 8 drones
https://t.me/kyivoperativ/121653
Occupation authorities closed Kerch bridge for civilian vehicles
https://t.me/operativnoZSU/94983
Kirovohradska Oblast(08:18). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44549
Russian army conducted 8 missile strikes, 49 airstrikes and over 82 shelling with MLRS, - Gen...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4697
Commander of Air Forces Mykola Oleschuk confirms earlier information in media, claiming Ukrai...
https://t.me/babel/31953
The occupation authorities of Crimea announced the resumption of traffic on the Crimean bridge
https://t.me/bbbreaking/154707
Sumska Oblast, Chernihivska Oblast(08:48). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take co...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44552
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(09:00). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44554
Zaporizka Oblast(09:15). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44556
Donetsk Oblast(09:19). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44557
Several explosions were reported in Kryvyi Rih
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/41284
Air defense shot down a drone near Kryvyi Rih
https://t.me/suspilnenews/20477
Suspected saboteur group attempted to infiltrate area near Novaya Tavolzhanka village in Belg...
https://t.me/bbbreaking/154710
The representatives of Russia, Ukraine, Turkey and the UN have not been able to reach an agre...
https://twitter.com/WorldAffairsPro/status/1654740831566278656
As a result of the air strike on Hlukhiv, about 50 buildings were damaged, some were destroye...
https://t.me/suspilnesumy/11694
Russian army shelled Nikopol with heavy artillery and MLRS GRAD, 3 person wounded
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/51664
Kartograf drone was shot down near Kryvyi Rih this morning
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/51663
Donetsk Oblast(10:48). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44562
Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Donetsk region (11: SS). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding ....
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44566
Blast hit a vehicle with Russian propagandist Zahar Prilepin, badly wounding him, killing a d...
https://t.me/breakingmash/43796
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(12:33). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44568
Mykolaiv, Mykolaiv region, Kherson, Kherson region (14: Secondary School). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. WITH...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44573
Zaporizka Oblast(14:45). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44575
45 Ukrainian POWs were liberated from Russian captivity in a new swap
https://t.me/ermaka2022/2600
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(15:51). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44580
Russian army conducted a missile strike with Kh-101 missile at Chystovodivka town in Kharkiv ...
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24567
5 wounded as result of shelling at industrial enterprise in Nikopol
https://t.me/suspilnenews/20494
Occupation authorities in Crimea claim 2 Ukrainian Hrim-2 ballistic missile were shot down
https://t.me/interfaxonline/31977
OP discussed the intensification of cooperation with the new ICRC delegation header in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705553-v-op-obgovorili-posilenna-spivpraci-z-novim-ocilnikom-delegacii-mkch-v-ukraini.html
In Zaporozhye, invaders under the guise of evacuation of civilians take their soldiers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3705554-na-zaporizzi-zagarbniki-pid-prikrittam-evakuacii-civilnogo-naselenna-vivozat-svoih-soldat.html
Charles III. What is known about the new King of the United Kingdom
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705492-carlz-iii-so-vidomo-pro-novogo-korola-velikobritanii.html
Wednesdays and pains won "silver" on the World Cup in Montreal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705558-ukrainci-sereda-ta-boluh-zdobuli-sriblo-na-kubku-svitu-u-monreali.html
Zaporizka Oblast(17:22). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12655
In the United States, the Capitol storm was sentenced to 14 years
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705563-u-ssa-ucasnika-sturmu-kapitoliu-zasudili-do-14-rokiv.html
On Web Summit 2023 presented nine Ukrainian startups
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3705565-na-web-summit-2023-predstavili-devat-ukrainskih-startapiv.html
In Evpatoria, occupiers recall people for a private military company
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3705567-u-evpatorii-okupanti-verbuut-ludej-dla-privatnoi-vijskovoi-kompanii.html
The Russians again fired the border of Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705569-rosiani-znovu-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini.html
The enemy fired an industrial enterprise in Nikopol, three wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705568-vorog-obstrilav-promislove-pidpriemstvo-u-nikopoli-troe-poranenih.html
Russian security services claimed 2nd suspect in assassination attempt on Zahar Prilepin was ...
https://t.me/bbbreaking/154771
At night over Ukraine the air defense has destroyed eight "shahas"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705570-vnoci-nad-ukrainou-ppo-znisila-visim-sahediv.html
The threat of artificial intelligence may be greater than climate change - developer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3705572-zagroza-stucnogo-intelektu-moze-buti-bilsou-za-zminu-klimatu-rozrobnik.html
Kadyrov of Chechnya says he is accepting proposal of head of mercenaries of PMC Wagner to rep...
https://t.me/Pravda_Gerashchenko/70467
In the Kyiv region, the tractor driver exploded on an anti -tank mini
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3705577-na-kiivsini-traktorist-pidirvavsa-na-protitankovij-mini.html
In the Black Sea there are no Russian carriers' carriers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705574-u-cornomu-mori-nemae-rosijskih-nosiiv-kalibriv.html
Charles III Coronation Ceremony
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705581-ceremonia-koronacii-carlza-iii.html
In the captivity of the Russian Federation are several hundred women -military - coordination headquarters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705582-u-poloni-rf-perebuvaut-kilka-soten-zinokvijskovih-koordinacijnij-stab.html
Sudan has destroyed more than a million doses of polio - UNICEF
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705585-u-sudani-znisili-ponad-miljon-doz-vakcini-proti-poliomielitu-unisef.html
Nayev: Infantry is a marker of Ukrainian territory, behind her back - life and free Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705589-naev-pihota-e-markerom-ukrainskoi-teritorii-za-ii-spinou-zitta-ta-vilna-ukraina.html
Diaspora urged Portugal to condemn the ideology of Rashism
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3705592-diaspora-zaklikala-portugaliu-zasuditi-ideologiu-rasizmu.html
In Avdiivka, the body of a utility was taken out of the rubble
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3705598-v-avdiivci-distali-zpid-zavaliv-tilo-zagiblogo-komunalnika.html
US companies are interested in investing in the reconstruction of Kharkiv energy infrastructure - mayor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3705594-kompanii-ssa-zacikavleni-v-investuvanni-u-vidbudovu-energeticnoi-infrastrukturi-harkova-mer.html
Successful counter -offensive operations became possible due to the infantry's professionalism - Syrsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705597-vdali-kontrnastupalni-operacii-stali-mozlivimi-zavdaki-profesionalizmu-pihoti-sirskij.html
In the Kherson region, six rescuers killed when Russian troops shelled them during demining w...
https://t.me/babel/31981
The Russians hit Zaporizhzhia with Iskander and 104 times a day fired at the area
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705600-rosiani-vdarili-po-zaporizzu-z-iskandera-ta-104-razi-za-dobu-obstrilali-oblast.html
The Swiss company will hand over to Ukraine about 20 demining machines
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3705601-svejcarska-kompania-peredast-ukraini-blizko-20-masin-rozminuvanna.html
The hockey players of Ukraine learned the opponents on the World Cup in Division 1B
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705605-hokeisti-zbirnoi-ukraini-diznalisa-supernikiv-po-cs-u-divizioni-1b.html
The SBU reported suspicion to 170 senators of the Russian Federation who supported the "accession" of captured regions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3705608-sbu-povidomila-pro-pidozru-170-senatoram-rf-aki-pidtrimali-priednanna-zahoplenih-regioniv.html
Martha Fedina won a silver medal on the World Cup on Artistic Swimming
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705609-marta-fedina-vigrala-sribnu-medal-na-kubku-svitu-z-artisticnogo-plavanna.html
In Britain, on the eve of Charles III coronation detained participants in anti -monarchical protests
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705611-u-britanii-naperedodni-koronacii-carlza-iii-zatrimali-ucasnikiv-antimonarhicnih-protestiv.html
SkyUp received a certificate and license for regular flights from Europe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705613-skyup-otrimala-sertifikat-j-licenziu-dla-regularnih-perelotiv-z-evropi.html
In Kiev localized damage to the heating system on the Great Vasylkivska
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3705617-u-kievi-lokalizuvali-poskodzenna-teplomerezi-na-velikij-vasilkivskij.html
Ukrainian diplomats honored the memory of the victims of the Ebenzege concentration camp in Austria
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3705620-ukrainski-diplomati-vsanuvali-pamat-zertv-konctaboru-ebenzee-v-avstrii.html
Russian shelling damaged in Vovchansk memorial sign with plane
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3705619-rosijskij-obstril-poskodiv-u-vovcansku-pamatnij-znak-iz-litakom.html
Zelenskaya and Shmigal - in Westminster Abbey at the Ceremony of Charles III
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705621-zelenska-i-smigal-u-vestminsterskomu-abatstvi-na-ceremonii-koronacii-carlza-iii.html
Vinnytsia will take place for the first time the wine culture will take place
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3705622-u-vinnici-vperse-vidbudutsa-dni-vinnoi-kulturi.html
Zaporizka Oblast(20:06). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44584
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(20:07). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/15148
Budanov met with Lithuanian volunteer Tapinas, who brought another cargo for the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705627-budanov-zustrivsa-z-litovskim-volonterom-tapinasom-akij-priviz-cergovij-vantaz-dla-zsu.html
In South Korea crashed American fighter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705630-u-pivdennij-korei-rozbivsa-amerikanskij-vinisuvac.html
Japanese club "Urava Red Diamondes" won the Asian Champions football league
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705634-aponskij-klub-urava-red-dajmonds-vigrav-futbolnu-ligu-cempioniv-azii.html
The invaders reported the stop of all the units of the ZPE - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705635-zagarbniki-povidomili-pro-zupinku-vsih-energoblokiv-zaes-fedorov.html
Yastremskaya stopped in the semifinals of the WTA tournament in Reus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705636-astremska-zupinilasa-u-pivfinali-turniru-wta-v-reusi.html
Air defense shot down suspected Shahed drone over Dnipro city
https://t.me/dnipro_now/40250
In the Ukrainian in the Kyiv region began to restore damaged rocket fire house
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3705638-v-ukrainci-na-kiivsini-pocali-vidnovluvati-poskodzenij-raketnim-obstrilom-budinok.html
Zaluzhny informed Millie about the preparation of the army for the liberation of Ukrainian territories
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705640-zaluznij-poinformuvav-milli-pro-pidgotovku-armii-do-zvilnenna-ukrainskih-teritorij.html
Britain's ambassador was sensitive to blue and yellow colors in Westminster Abbey
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705642-posla-britanii-rozculili-sinozovti-kolori-u-vestminsterskomu-abatstvi.html
Daria Lopattskaya will play in the title match of ITF tournament in Sweden
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705643-dara-lopatecka-gratime-u-titulnomu-matci-turniru-itf-u-svecii.html
Biden greeted Charles III on the occasion of his coronation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705644-bajden-privitav-carlza-iii-z-nagodi-jogo-koronacii.html
Israeli troops killed two Palestinian militants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705645-izrailski-vijska-vbili-dvoh-palestinskih-bojovikiv.html
Donetsk Oblast(20:55). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44586
Forecasters warn of night frosts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3705646-sinoptiki-poperedzaut-pro-nicni-zamorozki.html
In Canada, under a dangerous cargo train collapsed bridge
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705648-u-kanadi-pid-potagom-iz-nebezpecnim-vantazem-provalivsa-mist-castina-vagoniv-upala-v-ricku.html
Snow Maider gave way to the Spaniards in the semifinals of the tournament ITF in Toss de Mar
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705647-snigur-postupilasa-ispanci-u-pivfinali-turniru-itf-v-tossademar.html
Kirovohradska Oblast, Poltavska Oblast(21:04). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Tak...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44588
Nikolaev, Mykolaiv region, Kherson, Kherson region (21:06). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. WITH...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44590
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(21:08). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24574
Vinnitsa region, Sumy region, Cherkasy region (21:14). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens so ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44595
Since the beginning of the year DTEK thermal power plant has produced almost 4.5 billion kW/h of electricity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705652-z-pocatku-roku-teploelektrostancii-dtek-virobili-majze-45-milarda-kvtgod-elektroenergii.html
The SBU exposed the Lviv businessman who was supplied to the Russian Federation "Rolls Roys" and "Maybakhaki"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3705655-sbu-vikrila-lvivskogo-biznesmena-akij-postacav-do-rf-rollsrojsi-ta-majbahi.html
Zhytomyr, Zhytomyrska Oblast(21:22). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44596
Chernihivska Oblast(21:23). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18332
Kyiv Oblast(21:23). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44597
In Britain, Charles III was crowned
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705656-u-britanii-koronuvali-carlza-iii.html
IT Innovation Festival "IT solutions that will change Ukraine" will start on May 17
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3705654-festival-innovacij-itrisenna-so-zminat-ukrainu-startue-17-travna.html
Ramzan Kadyrov asking Puting to withdraw his Akhmat unit from other directions and send them ...
https://t.me/rusbrief/114991
Odeska Oblast(21:37). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44604
Increased activity of Russian aviation: Tu-22M3 and Tu-95 bombers airborne
https://t.me/huyovy_kharkiv/108536
In the Donetsk region, the border guards did not allow the Russians to take new positions - the enemy retreated with losses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705661-na-doneccini-prikordonniki-ne-dali-rosianam-zajnati-novi-pozicii-vorog-vidstupiv-zi-vtratami.html
The Ministry of Economy has started raising funds for demining through United24
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705663-minekonomiki-pocalo-zbir-kostiv-na-rozminuvanna-cerez-united24.html
Explosions were reported in Sumy region after missile launches from Russian jets
https://t.me/h_chernihiv/11703
Ukraine has returned 45 other Azovstal defenders from Russian captivity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705662-ukraina-povernula-z-rosijskogo-polonu-se-45-zahisnikiv-azovstali.html
Ministry of National Defense of Romania: On Friday May 5th, a L410 TURBOLET aircraft belongin...
https://twitter.com/MApNRomania/status/1654926793420275712
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
Energoatom denied the statement of Rospropa about stopping the operation of all blocks of ZPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705666-energoatom-sprostuvav-zaavi-rospropu-pro-zupinku-roboti-vsih-blokiv-zaes.html
Iran was executed by a suspect in an attack on military parade in 2018
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705674-v-irani-stratili-pidozruvanogo-u-napadi-na-vijskovij-parad-u-2018-roci.html
In Cannes, a 3D-cinetographic exhibition will be shown to capture the Russians of Kyiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3705677-u-kannah-pokazut-3dkinematograficnu-vistavku-pro-zahoplenna-rosianami-kiivsini.html
In Kharkiv, the tractor driver exploded on a mini
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3705682-na-harkivsini-traktorist-pidirvavsa-na-mini.html
In India, there were interethnic clashes - dozens of dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705683-v-indii-stalisa-mizetnicni-suticki-desatki-zagiblih.html
Fragit: The new season will appear ambitious club "Kyiv Kapitales"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705685-sahrajcuk-u-novomu-sezoni-zavitsa-ambitnij-klub-kiiv-kepitalz.html
Ukraine is interested in the experience of Utah on the development of solar generation - Ministry of Energy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705687-ukraina-zacikavlena-v-dosvidi-statu-uta-sodo-rozvitku-vidnovluvalnih-dzerel-energii-minenergo.html
On the Kiev Children's Railway will run an old locomotive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3705689-na-kiivskij-ditacij-zaliznici-kursuvatime-starovinnij-parovoz.html
In Russia, the suspect in attempted on Prilepin was detained
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705691-u-rosii-zatrimali-pidozruvanogo-u-zamahu-na-prilepina.html
On the City Day in Lviv, the flags of defensive structures that defend Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3705692-na-den-mista-u-lvovi-zamajorili-prapori-oboronnih-struktur-aki-zahisaut-ukrainu.html
Zelensky awarded three brigades of the Armed Forces with the distinction of "for courage and bravery"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705694-zelenskij-nagorodiv-tri-brigadi-zsu-vidznakou-za-muznist-ta-vidvagu.html
Minisfrai transferred to the front of another 100 drones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705695-mincifri-peredalo-na-front-se-100-droniv.html
The President awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine to Colonel Sirchenko and Captain Glebov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705697-prezident-prisvoiv-zvanna-geroa-ukraini-polkovniku-sicenku-ta-kapitanu-glebovu.html
Football: "Genoa" rose ahead of schedule in series A
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705698-futbol-dzenoa-dostrokovo-pidnavsa-v-seriu-a.html
King Charles III with Queen Kamila went to the Buckingham Palace balcony
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705699-korol-carlz-iii-iz-korolevou-kamilou-vijsli-na-balkon-bukingemskogo-palacu.html
The Defense Ministry called not to look for "deep meanings" in the statements of Russian leaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705703-u-minoboroni-zaklikali-ne-sukati-glibokih-sensiv-u-zaavah-rosijskih-vatazkiv.html
Kharkiv region: investigators seized the fragments of the Russian rocket X-101
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705707-obstril-harkivsini-slidci-vilucili-ulamki-rosijskoi-raketi-h101.html
Zelensky presented awards to the infantry warriors
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705709-zelenskij-vruciv-nagorodi-voinampihotincam.html
Residents of Zaporizhzhya region are urged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705712-ziteliv-zaporizkoi-oblasti-zaklikaut-povidomlati-u-catbot-evorog-pro-rosijsku-tehniku.html
Berlusconi from the hospital recorded a video address to one -party
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705715-berluskoni-z-likarni-zapisav-videozvernenna-do-odnopartijciv.html
APL: Chelsea interrupted a six -week loss series in all tournaments
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705716-apl-celsi-perervav-sestimatcevu-prograsnu-seriu-u-vsih-turnirah.html
The Russian army fired at Kherson region, wounded woman
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705717-armia-rf-obstrilala-hersonsinu-poranena-zinka.html
In Ukraine predicted cold, sometimes with rains
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3705706-v-ukraini-prognozuut-poholodanna-podekudi-iz-dosami.html
The Armed Forces reflected more than 30 enemy attacks a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705723-rosiani-zoseredili-sili-na-vedenni-nastupu-na-dvoh-napramkah-genstab.html
Man City won Leds and strengthened leadership in the APL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705719-man-siti-peremig-lids-i-zmicniv-liderstvo-v-apl.html
In Kherson region, during the miners of pyrotechnics, six of the dead were fired
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705722-na-hersonsini-pid-cas-rozminuvanna-pirotehniki-potrapili-pid-obstril-sestero-zagiblih.html
Ukrainian Svitolina stopped in the semifinals of the WTA tournament 125 in France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705724-ukrainka-svitolina-zupinilasa-u-pivfinali-turniru-wta-125-u-francii.html
The Ministry of Economy is expected to be actively involved in DFC in military risk insurance in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705725-minekonomiki-ocikue-na-aktivnu-ucast-dfc-u-strahuvanni-voennih-rizikiv-v-ukraini.html
Alexi's sisters became the first at the World Cup on Artistic Swimming
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705727-sestri-aleksiivi-stali-persimi-na-etapi-kubka-svitu-z-artisticnogo-plavanna.html
Air Force destroyed five more Russian drones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705728-povitrani-sili-znisili-se-pat-rosijskih-bezpilotnikiv.html
The SBU showed a meeting of Ukrainian defenders from captivity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705740-sbu-pokazala-zustric-ukrainskih-zahisnikiv-z-polonu.html
У Міссісіпі сталася стрілянина на вечірці - є загиблий, щонайменше шестеро поранені
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705732-u-missisipi-stalasa-strilanina-na-vecirci-e-zagiblij-sonajmense-sestero-poraneni.html
The men's team of table tennis went to the final part of the team chief
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705734-colovica-zbirna-ukraini-z-nastilnogo-tenisu-vijsla-do-finalnoi-castini-komandnogo-ce.html
We need to return all our people from Russian captivity - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705743-maemo-povernuti-usih-nasih-ludej-iz-rosijskogo-polonu-prezident.html
The International Golf Federation has admitted athletes from the Russian Federation and Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705739-miznarodna-federacia-golfu-dopustila-do-zmagan-sportsmeniv-z-rf-ta-bilorusi.html
Zelensky congratulated Charles III on the crown
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705744-zelenskij-privitav-carlza-iii-z-koronacieu.html
Attempted Prilepin: The Russian Federation stated that the detainee was evidenced
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705746-zamah-na-prilepina-slidkom-rf-zaaviv-so-zatrimanij-u-spravi-dav-svidcenna.html
Harvard's Kuleba urged Asia countries to give up neutrality and support Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705748-kuleba-u-garvardi-zaklikav-kraini-azii-vidmovitisa-vid-nejtralnosti-ta-pidtrimati-ukrainu.html
The enemy was fired at the Nikopol district in the day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705749-vorog-uden-obstrilav-nikopolskij-rajon-iz-gradiv-i-vazkoi-artilerii-semero-postrazdalih.html
Zelensky met with a delegation of US state Utah
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705750-zelenskij-zustrivsa-z-delegacieu-amerikanskogo-statu-uta.html
The tenth racket of the world won't play at the tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705752-desata-raketka-svitu-ne-zigrae-na-turniri-v-rimi.html
In London, during Charles III coronation, more than half a hundred protesters were detained
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705753-u-londoni-pid-cas-koronacii-carlza-iii-zatrimali-ponad-piv-sotni-protestuvalnikiv.html
The SBU commented the explosion of the Prilepin machine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705756-u-sbu-prokomentuvali-vibuh-masini-prilepina.html
Due to the evacuation declared on the Russians on Chongar formed a huge traffic jam
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3705760-cerez-ogolosenu-rosianami-evakuaciu-na-congari-utvorivsa-veliceznij-zator.html
In Russian Orenburg fell carousel - 20 victims
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705762-u-rosijskomu-orenburzi-vpala-karusel-20-postrazdalih.html
Solsky declared disagreement with the decision of Moldova to limit the import of Ukrainian agro -products
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705761-solskij-zaaviv-pro-nezgodu-z-risennam-moldovi-obmeziti-import-ukrainskoi-agroprodukcii.html
APL: Salah's goal brought Liverpool a victory over Brentford
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705765-apl-gol-salaha-prinis-liverpulu-peremogu-nad-brentfordom.html
Podolyak called the explosion of the car of Prilepin an attempt by internal escalation in the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705764-podolak-nazvav-vibuh-masini-prilepina-sprobou-vnutrisnoi-eskalacii-u-rf.html
The enemy fired at Sumy Region 11 times a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705766-vorog-za-dobu-11-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini.html
In the Sverdlovsk region of the Russian Federation burning warehouses with gunpowder, the evacuation is announced
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705769-u-sverdlovskij-oblasti-rf-gorat-skladi-z-porohom-ogolosena-evakuacia.html
Schwontek gave way to the final of the tournament in Madrid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705770-svontek-postupilas-u-finali-turniru-v-madridi.html
In most regions anxiety: invaders raised aviation, launching missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705772-u-bilsosti-regioniv-trivoga-zagarbniki-pidnali-aviaciu-mozlivij-zapusk-raket.html
Prigogine's statements are a manifestation of the internal war that began in Russia - Podolyak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705773-zaavi-prigozina-e-proavom-vnutrisnoi-vijni-aka-rozpocalasa-v-rosii-podolak.html
Yermak: Songs from the new Jamala album will be a guarantee before Crimea's return
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3705774-ermak-pisni-z-novogo-albomu-dzamali-stanut-dorogovkazami-do-povernenna-krimu-dodomu.html
Pyrotechnics in Kherson region died due
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705768-pirotehniki-na-hersonsini-zaginuli-cerez-skidanna-vibuhivki-z-bezpilotnika.html
The invaders brought to the Black Sea rocket launchers with 32 "calibers"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705778-zagarbniki-viveli-u-corne-more-raketonosii-z-32-kalibrami.html
Ukrainian gymnast Christina border gave "silver" at the tournament in Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705776-ukrainska-gimnastka-hristina-pogranicna-zdobula-sriblo-na-turniri-v-polsi.html
Carnation: Today the word "Ukrainian" is what you can be proud of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705777-gvozdik-sogodni-slovo-ukrainec-te-akim-mozna-pisatisa.html
Ukraine is preparing an import ban from Moldova - a sales representative
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705779-ukraina-gotue-zaboronu-importu-z-moldovi-kacka.html
In Kharkiv detained a foreign blogger who denied the crimes of the racists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/u-harkovi-zatrymaly-inozemnogo-blogera-yakyj-zaperechuvav-zlochyny-rashystiv/
European Union Member States are key partners of Ukraine in the war with the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/krayiny-chleny-yevropejskogo-soyuzu-ye-klyuchovymy-partneramy-ukrayiny-u-vijni-z-rf/
Extracts from a single register of missing persons in special circumstances issues exclusively the Ministry of Internal Affairs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/vytyagy-z-yedynogo-reyestru-znyklyh-bezvisty-za-osoblyvyh-obstavyn-vydaye-vyklyuchno-mvs/
We are working to speed up Ukraine's cleansing from mines and explosives
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/praczyuyemo-nad-tym-shhob-pryshvydshyty-ochyshhennya-ukrayiny-vid-min-ta-vybuhivky/
The Center for Combating Misinformation revealed basic manipulations from pro -Russian western media
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/czentr-protydiyi-dezinformacziyi-vyyavyv-osnovni-manipulyacziyi-vid-svitovyh-media/
Russian military and collaborators received long imprisonment - the Office of the Prosecutor General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/rosijski-vijskovi-i-kolaboranty-otrymaly-velyki-stroky-pozbavlennya-voli-ofis-generalnogo-prokurora/
The Foreign Ministry commented on the publication of the OSCE report on violation of international law by Russia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/komentar-mzs-ukrayiny-shhodo-zvitu-obsye-stosovno-porushen-mizhnarodnogo-prava-povyazanyh-iz-deportacziyeyu-ukrayinskyh-ditej-do-rf/
Denis Shmigal discussed with the UK Ministry of Foreign Affairs Recovery of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/denys-shmygal-obgovoryv-z-glavoyu-mzs-velykoyi-brytaniyi-vidnovlennya-ukrayiny/
Ukraine will receive 300 million yon from Japan to purchase endoscopes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/ukrayina-otrymaye-vid-yaponiyi-300-miljoniv-yen-na-zakupivlyu-endoskopiv/
"Four-Lip Sappers" have been trained in miners
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/chotyrylapi-sapery-projshly-navchannya-z-minno-rozshukovoyi-roboty/
"Let's win in this war together": Alexei Reznikov met with a delegation of US Congress
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/peremozhemo-u-czij-vijni-razom-oleksij-reznikov-zustrivsya-z-delegacziyeyu-kongresu-ssha/
The European Commission has approved the provision of 500 million euros to increase the capacities of the EU defense industry
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/yevrokomisiya-zatverdyla-nadannya-500-miljoniv-yevro-dlya-terminovogo-zbilshennya-potuzhnostej-oboronnoyi-promyslovosti-yes/
Ministry of Veterans invites Ukrainians to participate in the physical and health event "Marathon"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/minveteraniv-zaproshuye-veteraniv-i-veteranok-do-uchasti-u-fizkulturno-ozdorovchomu-zahodi-marathon-neskorena-bucha-z-ukrayinoyu-v-serczi/
Zala, Orlan-10, cube, lancet: 10 Uaks Rushists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/zala-orlan-10-kub-lanczet-za-dobu-zbyto-10-bpla-rashystiv/
Last day the Russians struck 8 rocket and 49 aviation blows
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/mynuloyi-doby-rosiyany-zavdaly-8-raketnyh-ta-49-aviaczijnyh-udariv/
About 50 invaders' attacks are reflected in Donetsk region, battles continue in Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/na-donechchyni-vidbyto-blyzko-50-atak-okupantiv-u-bahmuti-tryvayut-boyi/
The occupiers fired at dozens of settlements in four regions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/okupanty-obstrilyaly-desyatky-naselenyh-punktiv-u-chotyroh-oblastyah/
For refusing to take the Russian passport of Ukrainians sent to "filtration points"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/za-vidmovu-braty-rosijskyj-pasport-ukrayincziv-vidpravlyayut-do-filtraczijnyh-punktiv/
Today is the day of infantry
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/sogodni-vidznachayetsya-den-pihoty/
Defense forces eliminated more than 560 invaders, destroyed 14 artisystems and 14 UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/syly-oborony-likviduvaly-ponad-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-14-artsystem-i-14-bpla/
Air Force spokesman commented on the work of Patriot systems in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/rechnyk-povitryanyh-syl-prokomentuvav-robotu-system-patriot-v-ukrayini/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-2/
The Air Force Commander confirmed that Ukraine for the first time knocked the Russian rocket "dagger"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/komanduvach-povitryanyh-syl-pidtverdyv-shho-ukrayina-vpershe-zbyla-rosijsku-raketu-kyndzhal/
The Defense Forces knocked down all the "Shahda" - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/cziyeyi-nochi-syly-oborony-zbyly-vsi-shahedy-yurij-ignat/
Greetings of the President to Ukrainian Inspigeners
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/vitannya-prezydenta-ukrayinskym-voyinam-pihotynczyam-2/
We need a modern airplatform that will strengthen our air defense - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/nam-potribna-suchasna-aviaplatforma-yaka-posylyt-nashu-ppo-oleksij-reznikov/
On the day we were in negotiations in Belarus, we already counted the killed about 3000 Russians - the Minister of Defense of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/u-toj-den-koly-my-buly-na-peremovynah-u-bilorusi-my-vzhe-todi-narahuvaly-vbytymy-des-3000-rosiyan-ministr-oborony-ukrayiny/
It is very important to develop the Ukrainian UAV sector, which will be independent - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/duzhe-vazhlyvo-rozvyvaty-ukrayinskyj-sektor-bpla-yakyj-bude-nezalezhnym-oleksij-reznikov/
"Pychotin warriors are the basis of the Ukrainian army, one of the charms of our independence!" - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/u-czej-den-pihoty-ya-vitayu-nashyh-muzhnih-voyiniv-oleksij-reznikov/
"Infantry is the basis of the army" - Valery Zaluzhny
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/pihota-cze-osnova-vijska-valerij-zaluzhnyj/
In the Black Sea there are no Russian carriers' carriers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/u-chornomu-mori-nemaye-rosijskyh-nosiyiv-kalibriv/
"Attack, defend, storm, keep positions, win in battle - these are the unchanged and honorable tasks of the infantry" - Sergey Nayev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/atakuvaty-boronyty-shturmuvaty-ta-utrymuvaty-pozycziyi-peremagaty-v-boyu-cze-vichni-nezminni-i-pochesni-zavdannya-pihoty/
Yuri Ignat: Belling "dagger" is actually a slap of
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/yurij-ignat-zbyttya-kyndzhala-cze-faktychno-lyapas-rosiyi/
The Commander of the Armed Forces Land Forces congratulated the infantrymen on a professional holiday
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/komanduvach-suhoputnyh-vijsk-zsu-pryvitav-pihotyncziv-iz-profesijnym-svyatom/
The national MIC - Alexei Reznikov should be strengthened first
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/pershochergovo-potribno-posylyty-naczionalnyj-vpk-oleksij-reznikov/
The Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces had a telephone conversation with the Chairman of the Joint Committee of US Headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/golovnokomanduvach-zsu-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-iz-golovoyu-obyednanogo-komitetu-nachalnykiv-shtabiv-ssha/
The Coordination Headquarters presented a charitable initiative "Little Hearts Stronger than Steel"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-predstavyly-blagodijnu-inicziatyvu-malenki-serczya-micznishi-za-stal/
45 more defenders and defenders of Azovstal were released from the hostile captivity
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/z-vorozhogo-polonu-zvilnyly-shhe-45-zahysnykiv-i-zahysnycz-azovstali/
Ukraine will definitely be in NATO - Minister of Defense of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/ukrayina-obovyazkovo-bude-v-nato-ministr-obrony-ukrayiny/
Greetings Happy Infantry Day from Ukrainian artists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/vitannya-z-dnem-pihoty-vid-ukrayinskyh-artystiv/
Anna Malyar held a meeting with a special representative of NATO Secretary General for Women, Peace and Safety
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/ganna-malyar-provela-zustrich-zi-speczialnym-predstavnykom-genseka-nato-z-pytan-zhinok-myru-ta-bezpeky/
Volodymyr Zelensky's speech during the infantry Day celebrations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/vystup-volodymyra-zelenskogo-pid-chas-urochystostej-z-nagody-dnya-pihoty/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day made 5 beats in the areas of concentration of personnel and equipment of Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-5-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-osobovogo-skladu-ta-tehniky-rosiyan/
This era of the Russians caused 6 rocket and 25 aviation strikes in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/cziyeyi-doby-rosiyany-zavdaly-6-raketnyh-ta-25-aviaczijnyh-udariv-po-ukrayini/
During the day of the Defense Forces repelled more than 30 attacks by the Russians, heavy battles continue for the cities of Bakhmut and Marinka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/protyagom-doby-syly-oborony-vidbyly-ponad-30-atak-rosiyan-vazhki-boyi-tryvayut-za-mista-bahmut-ta-maryinku/
During the day of the Defense Forces repelled more than 30 attacks by the Russians, heavy battles continue for the cities of Bakhmut and Marinka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/protyagom-doby-syly-oborony-vidbyly-ponad-30-atak-rosiyan-vazhki-boyi-tryvayut-za-mista-bahmut-ta-maryinku/
Kyiv(21:24). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/KyivCityOfficial/6621
In Energodar, the Russians abduct cars and rob warehouses of energy enterprises
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/v-energodari-rosiyany-vykradayut-mashyny-ta-grabuyut-sklady-energetychnyh-pidpryyemstv/
In Energodar, the Russians abduct cars and rob warehouses of energy enterprises
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/v-energodari-rosiyany-vykradayut-mashyny-ta-grabuyut-sklady-energetychnyh-pidpryyemstv/
5 more enemy UAVs destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/znyshheno-shhe-5-vorozhyh-bpla/
We have to return and return all our people from Russian captivity - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/my-mayemo-povernuty-j-povernemo-vsih-nashyh-lyudej-iz-rosijskoyi-nevoli-prezydent-ukrayiny/
We have to return and return all our people from Russian captivity - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/my-mayemo-povernuty-j-povernemo-vsih-nashyh-lyudej-iz-rosijskoyi-nevoli-prezydent-ukrayiny/
7 expectations of the Minister of Defense of Ukraine from NATO Vilnius Summit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/7-ochikuvan-ministra-oborony-ukrayiny-vid-vilnyuskogo-samitu-nato/
The President of Ukraine honored the honorary honorary honorary honorary honorary honorary honorary honorary honorary distinction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/pochesnoyu-vidznakoyu-za-muzhnist-ta-vidvagu-prezydent-ukrayiny-vidznachyv-try-brygady-zsu/
The President of Ukraine honored the honorary honorary honorary honorary honorary honorary honorary honorary honorary distinction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/pochesnoyu-vidznakoyu-za-muzhnist-ta-vidvagu-prezydent-ukrayiny-vidznachyv-try-brygady-zsu/
Russian commanders openly call their subordinate "cannon meat"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/rosijski-komandyry-vidkryto-nazyvayut-svoyih-pidleglyh-garmatnym-myasom/
The SBU broke the escape of two Russian associates that helped the enemy in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/sbu-zirvala-vtechu-dvoh-poplichnykiv-rf-yaki-dopomagaly-vorogu-na-hersonshhyni/
Ukrainian Marines support fire training skills
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/ukrayinski-morpihy-pidtrymuyut-navychky-z-vognevoyi-pidgotovky/
Russian military during armed aggression killed 480 children in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/rosijski-vijskovi-za-chas-zbrojnoyi-agresiyi-vbyly-v-ukrayini-480-ditej/
April in Bakhmut through the eyes of the infantry warriors. We keep the line!
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/kviten-v-bahmuti-ochyma-voyiniv-pihotyncziv-trymayemo-strij/
The Belarusian Battalion showed trenching along the road to Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705780-biloruskij-bataljon-pokazav-zacistku-transei-uzdovz-dorogi-na-bahmut.html
The Belarusian Battalion showed trenching along the road to Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705780-biloruskij-bataljon-pokazav-zacistku-transei-uzdovz-dorogi-na-bahmut.html
In Nikolaev explosions were heard: Kim does not exclude new shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705781-u-mikolaevi-prolunali-vibuhi-kim-ne-viklucae-novih-obstriliv.html
Russian SU-35 intercepted a Polish border aircraft over the Black Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705782-rosijskij-su35-perehopiv-polskij-prikordonnij-litak-nad-cornim-morem.html

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====