乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-15

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

Poltavska Oblast(07:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/11135
Poltavska Oblast(07:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/11135
Zaporizka Oblast(05:04). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45395
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Klusy, Yeline, Zarichchya...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4778
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka of Luhansk region and Bilohorivka, Verkhnok...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4780
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Fedorivka friend, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, God ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4781
At Avdiyivka direction Russian army shelled Pervomayske and Karlivka of Donetsk region. Russi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4782
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Serhiivka and Pobeda of Donetsk region, - Generator...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4783
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian Army Shelled Kalledar, Novoukrainka, Amenian And Shakh ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4784
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Malynivka, Huliaipole, Bilohirya,...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4785
5 person killed during agricultural works near Myroliubivka village of Kherson region as resu...
https://t.me/suspilnekherson/26171
Oil depot in Klintsy of Briansk region was attacked again, no serious damage, 2 craters found
https://t.me/bbbreaking/155328
Mykolaiv, Mykolaiv region, Poltava region (23:28). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Surrency Sun ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45360
Sumy region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Donetsk region (23:30). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. WITH...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45363
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(23:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/15440
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(23:33). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45365
Chernihivska Oblast(00:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45368
Poltavska Oblast(00:36). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45373
Zaporizka Oblast(01:06). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45375
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(01:17). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45376
Cherkaska Oblast(01:22). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45377
Kirovohradska Oblast(01:28). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45378
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(01:40). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45380
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(02:05). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45381
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(02:38). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45384
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(03:11). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45389
Poltavska Oblast(05:05). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/11149
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Kirovohrad region (05:06). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45398
The current President of the Russian Federation isolates his country with his presence in the Kremlin - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/chynnyj-prezydent-rf-izolyuye-svoyu-krayinu-svoyeyu-prysutnistyu-v-kremli-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
A creative meeting with the Ukrainian poet and defender Valeria Subotina took place at the Kiev Cinema House
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/v-kyyivskomu-budynku-kino-vidbulasya-tvorcha-zustrich-z-ukrayinskoyu-poetesoyu-ta-zahysnyczeyu-valeriyeyu-subotinoyu/
The SBU has announced suspicion of the former occupation "commandant" of Balakliya, who tortured the residents of the city
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/sbu-ogolosyla-pro-pidozru-kolyshnomu-okupaczijnomu-komendantu-balakliyi-yakyj-katuvav-meshkancziv-mista/
105 UAVs will receive Ukrainian scouts from the German government
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/105-bpla-otrymayut-ukrayinski-rozvidnyky-vid-nimeczkogo-uryadu/
The victory of Ukraine is not only the liberation of all the occupied territories, but also fair sentences to all killers - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/peremoga-ukrayiny-cze-ne-lyshe-zvilnennya-vsih-okupovanyh-terytorij-a-j-spravedlyvi-vyroky-vsim-ubyvczyam-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Does the change of place of registration through "action" on monetary aid IDP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/chy-vplyvaye-zmina-misczya-reyestracziyi-cherez-diyu-na-groshovu-dopomogu-vpo/
At the international military pilgrimage for the first time prayed in Ukrainian - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/na-mizhnarodnomu-vijskovomu-palomnycztvi-vpershe-molylysya-ukrayinskoyu-movoyu-ganna-malyar/
The occupier who served his sentence in prisons is fascinated that he was signed for a contract - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/okupant-yakyj-prohodyv-pokarannya-u-misczyah-pozbavlennya-voli-bidkayetsya-shho-za-nogo-pidpysaly-kontrakt-gur/
Ukrainian Radio and TV for residents of the frontline territories of Zaporozhye
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/ukrayinske-radio-i-tb-dlya-meshkancziv-pryfrontovyh-terytorij-zaporizhzhya/
Ukrainian Radio and TV for residents of the frontline territories of Zaporozhye
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/ukrayinske-radio-i-tb-dlya-meshkancziv-pryfrontovyh-terytorij-zaporizhzhya/
Finland has handed 12 mobile houses to live socially vulnerable groups
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/finlyandiya-peredala-12-mobilnyh-budynochkiv-dlya-prozhyvannya-soczialno-vrazlyvyh-grup-naselennya/
Our defenders destroyed 18 UAVS Shahd-136/131
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/nashi-zahysnyky-znyshhyly-18-bpla-shahed-136-131/
Defense forces have struck 10 beats in areas of focus of occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/syly-oborony-zavdaly-10-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv-ta-znyshhyly-2-rozviduvalnyh-bpla/
57 of combat clashes took place in Liman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Marinskaya directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/57-bojovyh-zitknen-vidbulosya-na-lymanskomu-bahmutskomu-avdiyivskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah/
57 of combat clashes took place in Liman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Marinskaya directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/57-bojovyh-zitknen-vidbulosya-na-lymanskomu-bahmutskomu-avdiyivskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah/
In the Luhansk region, the occupiers organized the training of another 800 recruits from the prisoners from the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/na-luganshhyni-okupanty-organizuvaly-pidgotovku-shhe-800-novobrancziv-z-chysla-uvyaznenyh-osib-z-rf/
Enemy Loss per day: Over 600 invaders have been eliminated, 21 Artsystem and 31 UAVs were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-bvlshe-600-okupantiv-znyshheno-21-artsystemu-i-31-bpla/
The occupiers use the tactics of scattering the attention of our air defense - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/okupanty-vykorystovuyut-taktyku-rozsiyuvannya-uvagy-nashoyi-protypovitryanoyi-oborony-nataliya-gumenyuk/
25 UAVs and three winged enemy missiles - the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/znyshheno-25-bpla-ta-try-krylati-rakety-protyvnyka-gsh-zsu/
A combat pilot who destroyed hundreds of units of hostile equipment, a ceiling was opened on the anniversary of death
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/bojovomu-lotchyku-yakyj-znyshhyv-sotni-odynycz-vorozhoyi-tehniky-na-rokovyny-zagybeli-vidkryly-stelu/
Alexei Reznikov thanked Germany for a powerful security package
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/oleksij-reznikov-podyakuvav-nimechchyni-za-potuzhnyj-paket-dopomogy-u-sferi-bezpeky/
The enemy does not have a "projectile famine" in the Bakhmut direction, instead there is a significant problem with living force - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/14/vorog-ne-maye-snaryadnogo-golodu-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-natomist-ye-suttyeva-problema-z-zhyvoyu-syloyu-sergij-cherevatyj/
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka of Luhansk region, Bilohorivka, Verkhnokamy...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4790
JSC Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Grigorivka, Bogdanivka, Bakhmut, Ivanivske, times ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4791
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Steppe, Lastochkine, Avdiivka, Tonyne, Netilo ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4792
In Kharkiv put a bioprosthetic terrier that came under fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709478-u-harkovi-postavili-bioprotez-tereru-akij-potrapiv-pid-obstril.html
JSC Marinka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Victory Anda Novomikhai ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4793
APL: Liverpool on a guest defeated Lester
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709690-apl-liverpul-u-gostah-rozgromiv-lester.html
JSC Shakhtarskoe Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Kalledar, Novoukrainka And And Western Andes - Gen ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4794
Solidarity in the support of Ukraine is united by the EU and contributes to its expansion - Borrel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709691-solidarnist-u-pidtrimci-ukraini-gurtue-es-ta-spriae-jogo-rozsirennu-borrel.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Novopil of Donetsk regi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4795
The State Department commented on a number of countries to teach Ukrainian pilots
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709689-derzdep-prokomentuvav-gotovnist-nizki-krain-navcati-ukrainskih-pilotiv.html
Hockey World Championship: Victory Sweden, Canada, Latvia and USA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709687-cempionat-svitu-z-hokeu-peremogi-svecii-kanadi-latvii-ta-ssa.html
In Khmelnytskyi, radiation background after Russian shelling within the norm - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709674-na-hmelniccini-radiacijnij-fon-pisla-rosijskogo-obstrilu-v-mezah-normi-ova.html
NABU and SAP exposed large -scale corruption in the Supreme Court
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709683-nabu-i-sap-vikrili-masstabnu-korupciu-u-verhovnomu-sudi.html
Франція готова навчати українських льотчиків - Макрон
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709682-francia-gotova-navcati-ukrainskih-lotcikiv-makron.html
In Ukraine, the Bring Back Kids UA movement was launched for the return of deported children - Zarivna
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709679-v-ukraini-zapocatkuvali-ruh-bring-back-kids-ua-za-povernenna-deportovanih-ditej-zarivna.html
In Zaporozhye in the parking lot of vehicles there was a shooting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709678-u-zaporizzi-na-stoanci-avtotransportu-stalasa-strilanina.html
In the Kherson region, the teenager exploded on the Russian mini
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709677-na-hersonsini-pidlitok-pidirvavsa-na-rosijskij-mini.html
Kichenok and Ostapenko match at the Rome tournament was moved through the rain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709676-matc-kicenok-z-ostapenko-na-turniri-v-rimi-perenesli-cerez-dos.html
USA - About blocking the grain agreement: Putin took hostage peoples who suffer from starvation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3709670-ssa-pro-blokuvanna-zernovoi-ugodi-putin-uzav-u-zarucniki-narodi-aki-poterpaut-vid-golodu.html
The memory of the dead French reporter Arman Soldin was honored in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709662-tkacenko-vsanuvav-pamat-francuzkogo-zurnalista-ubitogo-rosianami-pid-bahmutom.html
The Russians have fired at Sumy Region 12 times a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709668-rosiani-za-den-12-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
Kalinina will play with Australian Open finalist at WTA tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709667-kalinina-zigrae-z-finalistkou-australian-open-na-turniri-wta-v-rimi.html
States have already taken to Germany three dozen training tanks Abrams - Pentagon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709665-stati-vze-dopravili-do-nimeccini-tri-desatki-trenuvalnih-tankiv-abrams-pentagon.html
Japan wants to offer Ukraine new technologies for post -war recovery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3709664-aponia-hoce-zaproponuvati-ukraini-novi-tehnologii-dla-pislavoennogo-vidnovlenna.html
Artillerymen destroyed the Russian tulip mortar
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709569-artileristi-znisili-rosijskij-minomet-tulpan.html
In the Bakhmut area of the Armed Forces, they advanced to a distance of two kilometers - the abdomen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709661-u-rajoni-bahmuta-zsu-prosunulisa-na-vidstan-do-dvoh-kilometriv-cerevatij.html
Hungary has blocked € 500 million from a fund financed weapons for Ukraine - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709659-ugorsina-zablokuvala-500-miljoniv-z-fondu-so-finansue-zbrou-dla-ukraini-zmi.html
White House: Sanctions affect Putin's ability to wage war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709658-sankcii-vplivaut-na-zdatnist-putina-vesti-vijnu-bilij-dim.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
The semi -final of the Champions League "Manchester City" - "Real" was entrusted with arbitrators from Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709656-pivfinal-ligi-cempioniv-mancester-siti-real-dorucili-arbitram-z-polsi.html
Russia is speculating on a "grain agreement", its own export has doubled - Kyslitsa in the UN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3709650-rosia-spekulue-na-zernovij-ugodi-ii-vlasnij-eksport-podvoivsa-kislica-v-oon.html
Erdogan hopes to win in the second round
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709653-erdogan-spodivaetsa-peremogti-v-drugomu-turi.html
Iran and Russia are expanding partnership in the defense sphere - the US has found new evidence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709652-iran-i-rosia-rozsiruut-partnerstvo-v-oboronnij-sferi-ssa-viavili-novi-dokazi.html
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Hirsk, Leonivka, Popivka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4788
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Kamyanka, Topoli, Krasne Pershe, Fyholivka, Novoml...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4789
Donetsk Oblast(07:12). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45403
Drone has dropped explosive device at warehouse in Suzemka district, damaging 5 military vehi...
https://t.me/bbbreaking/155393
2 explosions reported in Luhansk
https://t.me/novosti_donbass24/47131
Donetsk Oblast(08:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45405
Donetsk Oblast(09:48). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45408
Russian army shelled Kherson this morning, causing material damage
https://twitter.com/hochu_dodomu/status/1658019497003950082
Air defense shot down a missile over Donbas Arena stadium in Donetsk
https://t.me/bbbreaking/155418
Donetsk Oblast(11:11). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45411
Russian army conducted 11 missile strikes, 41 airstrikes and 74 shelling with MLRS, used stri...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/15-may-russian-army-conducted-11-missile-strikes-41-airstrikes
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4796
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region (11:22). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45413
President Zelensky has arrived in London
https://twitter.com/RishiSunak/status/1658027796592046081
Donetsk Oblast(12:32). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45417
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(12:45). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45418
Another explosion in the center of Lugansk
https://t.me/rusbrief/117312
Tractor driver wounded as result of landmine explosion near Tomaryne village of Kherson region
https://twitter.com/kava2022/status/1658063016066179072
Representative of occupation authorities in parts of Luhansk region Ihor Kornet was wounded a...
https://t.me/rusbrief/117343
Donetsk Oblast(15:13). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45422
2 person killed, one wounded as result of Russian army shelling in Dvorichna of Kupiansk dist...
https://t.me/kharkivlife/60846
The first topic at the G7 leaders' meeting will be Ukraine - Ursula von der Lyen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709467-persou-temou-na-zustrici-lideriv-g7-bude-ukraina-ursula-fon-der-laen.html
Foreign MFA: In case of stopping the "grain corridor" in a month the refugee flow from Africa to the EU will increase
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3709471-mzs-u-razi-zupinki-zernovogo-koridoru-cerez-misac-zrostut-potoki-bizenciv-z-afriki-do-es.html
Dovbik brought Dnipro-1 victory over "Minei" in the Premier League Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709472-dovbik-prinis-dnipru1-peremogu-nad-minaem-u-cempionati-premerligi.html
Dovbik brought Dnipro-1 victory over "Minei" in the Premier League Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709472-dovbik-prinis-dnipru1-peremogu-nad-minaem-u-cempionati-premerligi.html
In Mariupol, the movement of a large column of military equipment of the Russian Federation was recorded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709476-u-mariupoli-zafiksuvali-ruh-velikoi-koloni-vijskovoi-tehniki-rosii.html
Ignati hopes Storm Shadow missiles will give Ukraine enough
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709479-ignat-spodivaetsa-so-raketi-storm-shadow-nadadut-ukraini-u-dostatnij-kilkosti.html
Stoltenberg told what Ukraine to expect from the July Summit of NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709480-stoltenberg-rozpoviv-cogo-ukraini-ocikuvati-vid-lipnevogo-samitu-nato.html
To rebuild the deocal Luhansk region plan to create a community restoration and development center
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3709483-dla-vidbudovi-deokupovanoi-lugansini-planuut-stvoriti-centr-vidnovlenna-ta-rozvitku-gromad.html
Poland received the first Himars complexes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709484-polsa-otrimala-persi-kompleksi-himars.html
Poland received the first Himars complexes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709484-polsa-otrimala-persi-kompleksi-himars.html
GUR has information about health problems with Lukashenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709488-u-gur-e-informacia-pro-problemi-zi-zdorovam-u-lukasenka.html
Airlines started applying for flights between Georgia and the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709489-aviakompanii-pocali-podavati-zaavki-na-poloti-miz-gruzieu-ta-rf.html
Flood flood is kept in Kiev and two regions - SESS
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709494-zatoplenna-zaplav-utrimaetsa-u-kievi-ta-dvoh-oblastah-dsns.html
Britain does not plan to transfer to Ukraine its fighters - a spokesman for government
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709493-britania-ne-planue-peredavati-ukraini-svoi-vinisuvaci-recnik-uradu.html
In the north enemy DRG try to feel the Ukrainian border - Yusov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709496-na-pivnoci-vorozi-drg-namagautsa-promacuvati-ukrainskij-kordon-usov.html
Guarantee Fund since the start of a full -scale war has invested in securities over ₴ 21 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3709495-fond-garantuvanna-z-pocatku-povnomasstabnoi-vijni-investuvav-u-cinni-paperi-ponad-21-milard.html
Foresters this spring planted over 109 million seedlings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709500-lisivniki-ciei-vesni-visadili-ponad-109-miljona-sianciv.html
Vuchich stated that "there will be no Maidan in Belgrade" - the Embassy of Ukraine reacted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709509-vucic-zaaviv-so-majdanu-v-belgradi-ne-bude-posolstvo-ukraini-vidreaguvalo.html
Terliguga: I feel the strength to win the World Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709504-terluga-vidcuvau-u-sobi-sili-vigrati-cempionat-svitu.html
In Kiev, the incidence of influenza and SARS is reduced
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3709506-u-kievi-znizuetsa-zahvoruvanosti-na-grip-ta-grvi.html
In Thailand, the opposition party is leading in elections
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709512-u-tailandi-opozicijna-partia-lidirue-na-viborah.html
GUR was reminded of Medvedchuk and Popi: Ukraine is ready for creative action to return prisoners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709513-u-gur-nagadali-pro-obmin-medvedcuka-i-popiv-dla-povernenna-polonenih-ukraina-gotova-do-kreativnih-dij.html
There hysterics: Ignati commented the Russian Federation's response to a plane crash in the Bryansk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709515-tam-isterika-ignat-prokomentuvav-reakciu-rf-na-aviakatastrofi-v-branskij-oblasti.html
On the street of Kyiv, the bicycle patrol and equestrian police returned
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3709519-na-vulici-kieva-povernulis-velopatrul-ta-kinna-policia.html
The State Property Fund for a week earned for privatization over ₴ 126 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3709522-fond-derzmajna-za-tizden-zarobiv-na-privatizacii-ponad-126-miljoniv.html
Russians increased the number of shelling in the southern direction - military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709523-rosiani-zbilsili-kilkist-obstriliv-na-pivdennomu-napramku-vijskovi.html
Zavatska came out into the main net of 100 thousand in Madrid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709526-zavacka-vijsla-v-osnovnu-sitku-100tisacnika-u-madridi.html
The invaders carry out forced certification in Zaporozhye - a new "deadline" was installed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709527-zagarbniki-provodat-primusovu-pasportizaciu-na-zaporizzi-vstanovili-novij-dedlajn.html
The enemy fired Kharkiv region - two dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709534-vorog-obstrilav-harkivsinu-dvoe-zagiblih.html
The German government began to form a military assistance package to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709532-urad-nimeccini-pocav-formuvati-paket-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
Turkey has announced the date of the second round of the presidential election
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709536-u-tureccini-ogolosili-datu-drugogo-turu-prezidentskih-viboriv.html
In occupied Lugansk, the Minister of Internal Affairs of the LNR Cornet - Roszmi was blown up
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709538-v-okupovanomu-lugansku-pidirvali-ministra-vnutrisnih-sprav-lnr-korneta-roszmi.html
In Ukraine and the world will hold events for the Day of Remembrance of the Victims of the Crimean Tatars Genocide
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3709537-v-ukraini-ta-sviti-provedut-zahodi-do-dna-pamati-zertv-genocidu-krimskih-tatar.html
Duda will discuss with Stoltenberg the fall of a rocket under Byhidgosha
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709535-duda-obgovorit-zi-stoltenbergom-padinna-raketi-pid-bidgosem.html
In Chernihiv region, five settlements are de -established as a result of shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709541-na-cernigivsini-vnaslidok-obstrilu-znestrumleni-pat-naselenih-punktiv.html
The U-LEAD program launched a new communication format between NSAs and medical facilities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709543-programa-ulead-zapocatkuvala-novij-format-komunikacii-miz-nszu-ta-medzakladami.html
The Kherson Ova showed the destruction in the Ship District, which was fired by the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709546-hersonska-ova-pokazala-rujnuvanna-v-korabelnomu-rajoni-akij-obstrilali-rosiani.html
In the ports of Odesa and Chernomorsk there is one vessel of "grain initiative" - ​​Blackseanews
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3709545-u-portah-odesa-ta-cornomorsk-zalisilosa-po-odnomu-sudnu-zernovoi-iniciativi-blackseanews.html
UPL: Alexandria won the Kolos
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709547-upl-oleksandria-peremogla-kolos.html
The decision of the Parliament on the return of surcharges to the military does not suit anyone - Marchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709552-risenna-parlamentu-pro-povernenna-doplat-vijskovim-ne-vlastovue-nikogo-marcenko.html
The Ukrainian Festival "Vyshivanka Combines" will be held in Tallinn.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3709551-u-tallinni-vidbudetsa-ukrainskij-festival-visivanka-obednue.html
The Czech President called for Ukraine to give Ukraine a weapon for a counter -offensive as soon as possible
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709555-prezident-cehii-zaklikav-nadati-ukraini-zbrou-dla-kontrnastupu-aknajsvidse.html
The Ministry of Economy has determined priority industries for Korean investment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3709556-minekonomiki-viznacilo-prioritetni-galuzi-dla-korejskih-investicij.html
During inclusive concerts in Lviv and Ternopil raised 400 thousand hryvnias for the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3709559-pid-cas-inkluzivnih-koncertiv-u-lvovi-ta-ternopoli-zibrali-400-tisac-griven-dla-zsu.html
Tax, customs and bebb need restarting - Marchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3709562-podatkova-mitnica-ta-beb-potrebuut-perezavantazenna-marcenko.html
In Prozorro.Sells more than 5.4 thousand auctions took place
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3709561-u-prozorroprodazi-vidbulisa-ponad-54-tisaci-aukcioniv.html
Even when changing power, Turkey will continue to earn in the war - Sugrizko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709563-navit-pri-zmini-vladi-tureccina-prodovzit-zaroblati-na-vijni-ogrizko.html
Myanoma covered the powerful mocko cyclone, at least six dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709564-manmu-nakriv-potuznij-ciklon-mokko-sonajmense-sestero-zagiblih.html
KAZKA Ukrainian band performed in Hague
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3709568-ukrainskij-gurt-kazka-vistupiv-u-gaazi.html
The expectations and plans of domestic business remain careful enough
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3709591-ocikuvanna-i-plani-vitciznanogo-biznesu-zalisautsa-dosit-obereznimi.html
In the Kyiv region a large -scale forest fire - 15 hectares are burning
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709570-na-kiivsini-masstabna-lisova-pozeza-gorat-15-gektariv.html
Monte Wedley in the playoffs Blast Paris Major 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709571-monte-vijsli-v-plejoff-blasttv-paris-major-2023.html
Kanatovo airfield shelling: the Court of Appeal left in custody of Chervinsky officer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709573-obstril-aerodromu-kanatove-apelacijnij-sud-zalisiv-pid-vartou-oficera-cervinskogo.html
Google launches features to find fake and artificially generated images
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3709572-google-zapuskae-funkcii-dla-posuku-fejkovih-ta-stucno-zgenerovanih-zobrazen.html
UPL: Dovbik and Van Leuven are the best player and coach of April
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709574-upl-dovbik-ta-van-leuven-najkrasi-gravec-ta-trener-kvitna.html
Finance Minister does not exclude that budget expenditures can be repeatedly increased
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3709575-ministr-finansiv-ne-viklucae-so-vidatki-budzetu-mozut-buti-neodnorazovo-zbilseni.html
Dmytro Kuleba announced a visit to Africa - will promote the Ukrainian formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709576-dmitro-kuleba-anonsuvav-vizit-do-krain-afriki-prosuvatime-ukrainsku-formulu-miru.html
Dmytro Kuleba announced a visit to Africa - will promote the Ukrainian formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709576-dmitro-kuleba-anonsuvav-vizit-do-krain-afriki-prosuvatime-ukrainsku-formulu-miru.html
In Kherson air defense, four Russian drones destroyed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709581-na-hersonsini-ppo-znisila-cotiri-rosijskih-bezpilotniki.html
Poland sent a note of Russia's protest by dismantling a monument near Irkutsk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709582-polsa-nadislala-notu-protestu-rosii-cerez-demontaz-pamatnika-pid-irkutskom.html
Solidarity in the support of Ukraine is united by the EU and contributes to its expansion - Borrel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709691-solidarnist-u-pidtrimci-ukraini-gurtue-es-ta-spriae-jogo-rozsirennu-borrel.html
The Ukrainian national team has won 15 awards at the International Paralateletics Tournament in Italy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709584-zbirna-ukraini-zdobula-15-nagorod-na-miznarodnomu-turniri-z-paraatletiki-v-italii.html
Russia bypassing sanctions buys spare parts to Boeing and Airbus - NYT
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709592-rosia-v-obhid-sankcij-kupue-zapcastini-do-litakiv-boeing-ta-airbus-nyt.html
Labor Labor remains one of the obstacles to doing business
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3709593-brak-robocoi-sili-zalisaetsa-odnieu-z-pereskod-dla-vedenna-biznesu.html
Labor Labor remains one of the obstacles to doing business
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3709593-brak-robocoi-sili-zalisaetsa-odnieu-z-pereskod-dla-vedenna-biznesu.html
In Finland, a military training aircraft crashed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709595-u-finlandii-rozbivsa-vijskovij-navcalnij-litak.html
In Ukraine, the competition of cultural and artistic projects for book production was announced
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3709597-v-ukraini-ogolosili-konkurs-kulturnomisteckih-proektiv-z-vipusku-knizkovoi-produkcii.html
The Briton drove from London to Lviv - he was raising money for demining Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709599-britanec-proihav-na-velosipedi-z-londona-do-lvova-zbirav-kosti-na-rozminuvanna-ukraini.html
According to the 5-7-9%program, business has already received 197 billion loans
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3709600-za-programou-579-biznes-uze-otrimav-197-milardiv-kreditiv.html
23 600 killed and wounded as a result of the invasion of the Russian Federation in Ukraine were stated in the UN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709601-v-oon-zaavili-pro-23-600-ubitih-i-poranenih-civilnih-vnaslidok-vtorgnenna-rf-v-ukrainu.html
"Motor" - winner of the Cup of Ukraine in handball among men
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709602-motor-peremozec-kubka-ukraini-z-gandbolu-sered-colovikiv.html
The All -Ukrainian Council of Churches supported the creation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709603-vseukrainska-rada-cerkov-pidtrimala-stvorenna-spectribunalu-proti-rosii.html
Lukashenko after the rumors about illness for the first time in a week appeared in the media space
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709604-lukasenko-pisla-cutok-pro-hvorobu-vperse-za-tizden-zavivsa-u-mediaprostori.html
The Fund for the Elimination of the Consequences of Aggression gathered ₴ 61.7 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3709611-u-fond-likvidacii-naslidkiv-agresii-zibrali-617-milarda.html
The reconstruction of Shulyavsky overpass will be completed by mid -2024 - Klitschko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3709612-rekonstrukciu-sulavskogo-slahoprovodu-zaversat-do-seredini-2024-roku-klicko.html
Donetsk Ova showed the consequences of two rocket strokes on Konstantinovka
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709615-donecka-ova-pokazala-naslidki-dvoh-raketnih-udariv-po-kostantinivci.html
In the Kyiv region, rescuers localized the forest fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709614-na-kiivsini-ratuvalniki-lokalizuvali-lisovu-pozezu.html
Bakhmut and Marinka remain at the epicenter of battles, in the east per day - 37 clashes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709616-bahmut-ta-marinka-zalisautsa-v-epicentri-bojovih-dij-na-shodi-za-dobu-37-zitknen.html
George Soros denied rumors about his death
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709617-dzordz-soros-sprostuvav-cutki-pro-svou-smert.html
The US will provide Ukraine with regular help packages over the next months - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709619-ssa-nadavatimut-ukraini-regularni-paketi-dopomogi-vprodovz-nastupnih-misaciv-bilij-dim.html
The enemy fired at Donetsk region, wounded five police officers from the White Angel unit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709623-vorog-obstrilav-doneccinu-poraneni-patero-policejskih-z-pidrozdilu-bilij-angol.html
Zelensky: We return with new defensive packages - Ukraine becomes stronger
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709626-zelenskij-povertaemosa-dodomu-z-novimi-oboronnimi-paketami-ukraina-stae-silnisou.html
A photo exhibition was opened in Kiev about the experience of displaced persons from Mariupol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3709624-u-kievi-vidkrili-fotovistavku-pro-dosvid-vijni-pereselenciv-iz-mariupola.html
The Russians hit the border of Sumy and Chernihiv three times
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709627-rosiani-trici-vdarili-po-prikordonnu-sumsini-ta-cernigivsini.html
Matches of the 27th round of Football Premier League of Ukraine will take place on May 19-21
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709629-matci-27go-turu-futbolnoi-premerligi-ukraini-vidbudutsa-1921-travna.html
Kubrakov discussed with the UN and partner countries rebuilding Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3709630-kubrakov-obgovoriv-z-predstavnikami-oon-i-krainpartneriv-vidbudovu-ukraini.html
Kyslitsa in the UN Radbeza: only in April, Russia killed 207 civilians in Ukraine, 11 of them children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709631-kislica-v-radbezi-oon-lise-za-kviten-rosia-vbila-v-ukraini-207-civilnih-z-nih-11-ditej.html
The Russians fired the village in Kherson region, there are wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709634-rosiani-obstrilali-selo-na-hersonsini-e-poraneni.html
Germany will allocate Ukraine € 11 billion purely for defense - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709635-nimeccina-vidilit-ukraini-11-milardiv-suto-na-oboronu-zelenskij.html
NBU Annual Report: Despite the war, it was possible to maintain macro -financial stability and confidence of citizens
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3709638-ricnij-zvit-nbu-popri-vijnu-vdalosa-zberegti-makrofinansovu-stabilnist-ta-doviru-gromadan.html
The US Congress remains two -party support of Ukraine - Pelosi
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709643-u-kongresi-ssa-zalisaetsa-dvopartijna-pidtrimka-ukraini-pelosi.html
The Russians fired at the Nikopol district, three wounded, among them - a child
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709647-rosiani-obstrilali-nikopolskij-rajon-troe-poranenih-sered-nih-ditina.html
Russia has increased the deportation and theft
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709649-rosia-zbilsila-deportacii-ta-vikradenna-ludej-v-ukraini-kislica-v-radbezi-oon.html
Iran and Russia are expanding partnership in the defense sphere - the US has found new evidence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709652-iran-i-rosia-rozsiruut-partnerstvo-v-oboronnij-sferi-ssa-viavili-novi-dokazi.html
Erdogan hopes to win in the second round
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709653-erdogan-spodivaetsa-peremogti-v-drugomu-turi.html
Russia is speculating on a "grain agreement", its own export has doubled - Kyslitsa in the UN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3709650-rosia-spekulue-na-zernovij-ugodi-ii-vlasnij-eksport-podvoivsa-kislica-v-oon.html
The semi -final of the Champions League "Manchester City" - "Real" was entrusted with arbitrators from Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709656-pivfinal-ligi-cempioniv-mancester-siti-real-dorucili-arbitram-z-polsi.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
White House: Sanctions affect Putin's ability to wage war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709658-sankcii-vplivaut-na-zdatnist-putina-vesti-vijnu-bilij-dim.html
Hungary has blocked € 500 million from a fund financed weapons for Ukraine - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3709659-ugorsina-zablokuvala-500-miljoniv-z-fondu-so-finansue-zbrou-dla-ukraini-zmi.html
In the Bakhmut area of the Armed Forces, they advanced to a distance of two kilometers - the abdomen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709661-u-rajoni-bahmuta-zsu-prosunulisa-na-vidstan-do-dvoh-kilometriv-cerevatij.html
Artillerymen destroyed the Russian tulip mortar
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709569-artileristi-znisili-rosijskij-minomet-tulpan.html
Japan wants to offer Ukraine new technologies for post -war recovery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3709664-aponia-hoce-zaproponuvati-ukraini-novi-tehnologii-dla-pislavoennogo-vidnovlenna.html
States have already taken to Germany three dozen training tanks Abrams - Pentagon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709665-stati-vze-dopravili-do-nimeccini-tri-desatki-trenuvalnih-tankiv-abrams-pentagon.html
Kalinina will play with Australian Open finalist at WTA tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709667-kalinina-zigrae-z-finalistkou-australian-open-na-turniri-wta-v-rimi.html
The Russians have fired at Sumy Region 12 times a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709668-rosiani-za-den-12-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
The memory of the dead French reporter Arman Soldin was honored in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709662-tkacenko-vsanuvav-pamat-francuzkogo-zurnalista-ubitogo-rosianami-pid-bahmutom.html
USA - About blocking the grain agreement: Putin took hostage peoples who suffer from starvation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3709670-ssa-pro-blokuvanna-zernovoi-ugodi-putin-uzav-u-zarucniki-narodi-aki-poterpaut-vid-golodu.html
Kichenok and Ostapenko match at the Rome tournament was moved through the rain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709676-matc-kicenok-z-ostapenko-na-turniri-v-rimi-perenesli-cerez-dos.html
In the Kherson region, the teenager exploded on the Russian mini
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709677-na-hersonsini-pidlitok-pidirvavsa-na-rosijskij-mini.html
In Zaporozhye in the parking lot of vehicles there was a shooting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709678-u-zaporizzi-na-stoanci-avtotransportu-stalasa-strilanina.html
In Ukraine, the Bring Back Kids UA movement was launched for the return of deported children - Zarivna
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709679-v-ukraini-zapocatkuvali-ruh-bring-back-kids-ua-za-povernenna-deportovanih-ditej-zarivna.html
France is ready to teach Ukrainian pilots - Macron
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709682-francia-gotova-navcati-ukrainskih-lotcikiv-makron.html
NABU and SAP exposed large -scale corruption in the Supreme Court
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709683-nabu-i-sap-vikrili-masstabnu-korupciu-u-verhovnomu-sudi.html
In Khmelnytskyi, radiation background after Russian shelling within the norm - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709674-na-hmelniccini-radiacijnij-fon-pisla-rosijskogo-obstrilu-v-mezah-normi-ova.html
Hockey World Championship: Victory Sweden, Canada, Latvia and USA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709687-cempionat-svitu-z-hokeu-peremogi-svecii-kanadi-latvii-ta-ssa.html
The State Department commented on a number of countries to teach Ukrainian pilots
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3709689-derzdep-prokomentuvav-gotovnist-nizki-krain-navcati-ukrainskih-pilotiv.html
APL: Liverpool on a guest defeated Lester
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3709690-apl-liverpul-u-gostah-rozgromiv-lester.html
Almost 90% of Belarusians do not have savings because of troubles in the country's economy - Intelligence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/majzhe-90-bilorusiv-ne-mayut-nakopychen-cherez-negarazdy-v-ekonomiczi-krayiny-rozvidka/
The racists fired twice the manganese community, there are destruction and wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/rashysty-dvichi-obstrilyaly-marganeczku-gromadu-ye-rujnuvannya-i-poraneni/
Cinematology about special operations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/kinotrylogiyi-pro-speczoperacziyi-voyiniv-gur-mou-vizmut-uchast-u-mysteczkomu-konkursi/
From June 1, the Polish railway launches additional flights to Ukraine-from Warsaw to Rava-Ruska
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/z-1-chervnya-polska-zaliznyczya-zapuskaye-dodatkovi-rejsy-v-ukrayinu-z-varshavy-do-ravy-ruskoyi/
The President of Ukraine discussed the French President "Fighter Coalition"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/prezydent-ukrayiny-obgovoryv-z-prezydentom-francziyi-koalicziyu-vynyshhuvachiv/
Rashists fired at the Nikopol district of Dnipropetrovsk region - a pre -trial investigation was launched
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/rashysty-obstrilyaly-nikopolskyj-rajon-dnipropetrovshhyny-rozpochato-dosudove-rozsliduvannya/
Rescuers used work in Ternopil to eliminate the consequences of the city's nightlife
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/u-ternopoli-ryatuvalnyky-zastosuvaly-robota-dlya-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-nichnogo-obstrilu-mista/
Formula of Peace and Military Aid: Joint Declaration of Ukraine and French Republic
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/formula-myru-ta-vijskova-dopomoga-spilna-deklaracziya-ukrayiny-ta-franczuzkoyi-respubliky/
These both strike and strike - intercepting GUR about mobilized Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/czi-yak-bastuvaly-tak-i-bastuyut-gurperehoplennya-pro-mobilizovanyh-rosiyan/
The invaders fired the village in Chuguev region - there are dead
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/rashysty-obstrilyaly-selo-na-chuguyivshhyni-ye-zagybli/
At night Russian terrorists again attacked Ukraine with shock drones-Kamikadze
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/vnochi-rosijski-terorysty-znovu-atakuvaly-ukrayinu-udarnymy-dronamy-kamikadze/
In the Donbass - 46 combat clashes, heavy battles for Bakhmut continue
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/na-donbasi-46-bojovyh-zitknen-tryvayut-vazhki-boyi-za-bahmut/
The enemy has caused 41 aviation and 11 rocket strokes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/protyvnyk-zavdav-41-aviaczijnyj-ta-11-raketnyh-udariv/
Three UAVs of enemy-10 and SuperCam are destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/znyshheno-try-bpla-protyvnyka-typu-orlan-10-ta-supercam/
In the south, the occupiers fired at about 40 settlements
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/na-pivdni-okupanty-obstrilyaly-blyzko-40-naselenyh-punktiv/
In the Kherson region, the racists are bribery from the owners of "Rospasport"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/na-hersonshhyni-rashysty-derut-habari-z-vlasnykiv-rospasportiv/
Defense forces per day eliminated nearly 600 invaders, destroyed 21 Artsystem and 11 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-600-okupantiv-znyshhyly-21-artsystemu-ta-11-bbm/
Norway's armed forces will conduct training for 3,200 Ukrainian military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/zbrojni-syly-norvegiyi-provedut-navchannya-dlya-3-200-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/
Angelica Terluga's army became a champion in Kumite at Krate 1 Premier League tournament
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/armijka-anzhelika-terlyuga-stala-chempionkoyu-v-kumite-na-turniri-karate-1-premier-league/
The F-16 is the 4+ generation aircraft that is needed today by Ukrainian military aviation-Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/f-16-cze-same-toj-litak-pokolinnya-4-yakyj-potriben-sogodni-ukrayinskij-vijskovij-aviacziyi-yurij-ignat/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Alexander Syrsky: Bakhmut's promotion is the first success of offensive actions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/oleksandr-syrskyj-prosuvannya-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-cze-pershyj-uspih-nastupalnyh-dij/
Representatives of the Armed Forces as part of the women's national team for fencing won the World Cup
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/predstavnyczi-zsu-v-skladi-zhinochoyi-zbirnoyi-ukrayiny-z-fehtuvannya-vygraly-kubok-svitu/
Anna Malyar about the situation in Bakhmut: heavy fights continue, the enemy pulls up to the outskirts
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/ganna-malyar-pro-sytuacziyu-u-bahmuti-tryvayut-vazhki-boyi-vorog-pidtyaguye-do-okolycz-mista-desantno-shturmovi-zagony/
What to do if missing is recognized on photo or video
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/shho-robyty-yakshho-znyklogo-bezvisty-vpiznano-na-foto-chy-videomaterialah/
How effective is Storm Shadow, will be visible on the battlefield - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/naskilky-efektyvnymy-ye-storm-shadow-bude-vydno-na-poli-boyu-yurij-ignat/
Emmanuel Macron: Ukrainians and Ukrainians, you can count on the support of the French nation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/emmanyuel-makron-ukrayinky-ta-ukrayinczi-mozhete-rozrahovuvaty-na-pidtrymku-franczuzkoyi-nacziyi/
During the day, rescuers went to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling almost 100 times
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-majzhe-100-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv/
The army of the Russian Federation hit Chernihiv region with "Grads": damaged civilian infrastructure
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/armiya-rf-vdaryla-po-chernigivshhyni-z-gradiv-poshkodzhena-czyvilna-infrastruktura/
Information about the counter -offensive of the Armed Forces was collected: in Kharkiv region the informants of the Russian Federation were detained
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/zbyraly-informacziyu-pro-kontrnastup-zsu-na-harkivshhyni-zatrymano-informatoriv-rf/
"The first samples of trophy weapons were caught in the Black Sea, two tanks - from the river Desna" - Colonel Sergey Bachurin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/pershi-zrazky-trofejnogo-ozbroyennya-vylovlyuvaly-v-chornomu-mori-dva-tanky-z-richky-desna-polkovnyk-sergij-bachurin/
In the Bakhmut direction of the Armed Forces destroyed the enemy gun and the composition of ammunition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-zsu-znyshhyly-vorozhu-garmatu-i-sklad-boyeprypasiv/
The number of enemies in the temporarily occupied territories of southern Ukraine exceeds 150 thousand - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/kilkist-vorogiv-na-tymchasovo-okupovanyh-terytoriyah-pivdnya-ukrayiny-perevyshhuye-150-tysyach-gur/
Reported suspicion of the State Exposure 23 exponenties from Mariupol: Conduct "filtration measures"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-u-derzhzradi-23-ekspoliczejskym-z-mariupolya-provodyat-filtraczijni-zahody/
In the Black Sea - six ships of the Russian Federation and no rocket carrier
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/u-chornomu-mori-shist-korabliv-rf-i-zhodnogo-raketonosiya/
Many foreign companies have canceled the agreements with the Russian Federation for the supply of T-90 after the released research of the Center-Sergey Bachurin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/chymalo-zakordonnyh-kompanij-skasuvaly-ugody-z-rf-na-postavky-t-90-pislya-oprylyudnenyh-doslidzhen-czentru-sergij-bachurin/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 17,000 crimes against National Security have been documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-17-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-naczbezpeky-4/
Funny samples with grandfather technologies: Sergey Bachurin told about the "modernization" of Russian weapons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/kumedni-zrazky-z-didivskymy-tehnologiyamy-sergij-bachurin-rozpoviv-pro-modernizacziyeyu-zbroyi-rf/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Riri Sunak in Britain
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/volodymyr-zelenskyj-zustrivsya-z-rishi-sunakom-u-brytaniyi/
This summer in Britain will begin training Ukrainian pilots
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/czogo-lita-u-brytaniyi-rozpochnutsya-navchannya-ukrayinskyh-pilotiv/
In the Kherson region, Russians terrorize residents from drones and undermine mines in de -industrial territories - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/na-hersonshhyni-rosiyany-teroryzuyut-zhyteliv-udaramy-z-droniv-i-pidryvayut-miny-na-deokupovanyh-terytoriyah-nataliya-gumenyuk/
More than 600 explosive items have been neutralized per day of Pyrotechnics of SESS
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-600-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-4/
On May 16, a round table "Rashism will be held at Military Media Center. Understand to overcome ”
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/16-travnya-u-military-media-center-vidbudetsya-kruglyj-stil-rashyzm-zrozumity-shhob-podolaty/
The occupiers were fired at 130 settlements per day: there were killed and injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/okupanty-za-dobu-obstrilyaly-130-naselenyh-punktiv-ye-zagybli-ta-poraneni/
Where to call if questions have arisen when you pass the VLK
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/kudy-telefonuvaty-koly-vynykly-pytannya-pry-prohodzhenni-vlk/
On May 16 there will be a straight telephone line with the TRU Commander of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/16-travnya-vidbudetsya-pryama-telefonna-liniya-z-komanduvachem-syl-tro-zsu/
Ticker detained, which "drained" on the social network of the location of the defense forces: he threatens up to 8 years in ’
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/zatrymano-tiktokera-yakyj-zlyvav-u-soczmerezhi-lokacziyi-syl-oborony-jomu-zagrozhuye-do-8-rokiv-vyaznyczi/
In Finland at one of the largest landfills in Europe, large -scale military exercises began
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/u-finlyandiyi-na-odnomu-z-najbilshyh-u-yevropi-poligoniv-rozpochalysya-masshtabni-vijskovi-navchannya/
At the Great Seven summit, the European Union will insist on expanding military assistance to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/na-samiti-velykoyi-simky-yevrosoyuz-napolyagatyme-na-rozshyrenni-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-ukrayini/
Володимир Зеленський про винищувачі для України: Найближчим часом ви почуєте важливі рішення
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/volodymyr-zelenskyj-pro-vynyshhuvachi-dlya-ukrayiny-najblyzhchym-chasom-vy-pochuyete-vazhlyvi-rishennya/
Представник парламенту Великої Британії відвідав навчання українських військових
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/predstavnyk-parlamentu-velykoyi-brytaniyi-pobuvav-na-navchannyah-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/
Досягнуто домовленостей про потужні оборонні пакети — глава держави підсумував візити до країн Європи
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/dosyagnuto-domovlenostej-pro-potuzhni-oboronni-pakety-glava-derzhavy-pidsumuvav-vizyty-do-krayin-yevropy/
Reported suspicion to the developer who sold apartments appointed by the military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-zabudovnyku-yakyj-rozprodav-kvartyry-shho-pryznachalysya-vijskovym/
We have to make Ukraine win the war - Anders Fog Rasmussen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/my-mayemo-zrobyty-tak-shhob-ukrayina-vygrala-vijnu-anders-fog-rasmussen/
The Czech Republic has harvested $ 2.3 million on RSLS for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/u-chehiyi-zibraly-23-miljona-dolariv-na-rszv-dlya-ukrayiny/
During the day, the Russians struck 38 aviation blows across Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/protyagom-doby-rosiyany-zavdaly-38-aviaczijnyh-udariv-po-ukrayini/
Defense forces repelled 37 attacks by the Russians - at the epicenter of Bakhmut and Marinka battles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/syly-oborony-vidbyly-37-atak-rosiyan-u-epiczentri-boyiv-bahmut-ta-maryinka/
In Zaporozhye, invaders are forcing Ukrainians to write a refusal of Ukrainian citizenship
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/na-zaporizhzhi-okupanty-prymushuyut-ukrayincziv-pysaty-vidmovu-vid-gromadyanstva-ukrayiny/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day made 7 beats in the areas of concentration of personnel and equipment of Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-7-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-osobovogo-skladu-ta-tehniky-rosiyan/
The main results for these days - our victory managed to make closer - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/golovni-rezultaty-za-czi-dni-nashu-peremogu-vdalosya-zrobyty-blyzhchoyu-prezydent-ukrayiny/
The authorities of the city of Tulouuse supports Ukraine and assist our citizens – Anna painter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/vlada-mista-tuluza-pidtrymuye-ukrayinu-ta-nadaye-dopomogu-nashym-gromadyanam-ganna-malyar/
The Limano-Kupyan direction is constantly being fired, but the enemy does not move to active attacks-Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/na-lymano-kupyanskomu-napryamku-postijno-vedutsya-obstrily-odnak-vorog-ne-perehodyt-do-aktyvnyh-atak-sergij-cherevatyj/
Without shock drones in the conditions of modern war - in no way - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/bez-udarnyh-droniv-v-umovah-suchasnoyi-vijny-niyak-yurij-ignat/
We will not rejoice the hopes that the racists will end. However, their quality will be much worse - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/nadiyamy-shho-v-rashystiv-zakinchatsya-piloty-my-ne-tishymos-odnak-yihnya-yakist-bude-znachno-girshoyu-yurij-ignat/
Наші війська продовжують просуватись у Бахмуті — Сергій Череватий
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/nashi-vijska-prodovzhuyut-prosuvatys-u-bahmuti-sergij-cherevatyj/
In the Crimea, the racists arrange raids on the Crimean Tatars at railway stations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/u-krymu-rashysty-vlashtovuyut-rejdy-na-krymskyh-tatar-na-zaliznychnyh-stancziyah/
The Commander of the Navy of the Armed Forces of Ukraine awarded Ukrainian defenders who defend our country in the south
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/komanduvach-vms-zs-ukrayiny-nagorodyv-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv-yaki-boronyat-nashu-krayinu-na-pivdni/
Ukrainian defenders showed the work of PTRK Stugna-P.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-pokazaly-robotu-rozrahunkiv-ptrk-stugna-p/
Short. War. Day 446. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/korotko-vijna-den-446-videodajdzhest/
The State Department told about expectations from the visit of China's Special Representative to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709694-u-derzdepi-rozpovili-cogo-ocikuut-vid-vizitu-specpredstavnika-kitau-do-ukraini.html
Iceland will hand over the field hospital to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709692-islandia-peredast-ukraini-polovij-spital.html
Dry weather will prevail in Ukraine in the daytime up to +25 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709468-v-ukraini-zavtra-perevazatime-suha-pogoda-vden-do-25.html
The Supreme Court will hold an extraordinary plenum on Tuesday
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709693-verhovnij-sud-provede-u-vivtorok-pozacergovij-plenum.html
The Supreme Court will hold an extraordinary plenum on Tuesday
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709693-verhovnij-sud-provede-u-vivtorok-pozacergovij-plenum.html
Dry weather will prevail in Ukraine in the daytime up to +25 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3709468-v-ukraini-zavtra-perevazatime-suha-pogoda-vden-do-25.html
Iceland will hand over the field hospital to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709692-islandia-peredast-ukraini-polovij-spital.html
The State Department told about expectations from the visit of China's Special Representative to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3709694-u-derzdepi-rozpovili-cogo-ocikuut-vid-vizitu-specpredstavnika-kitau-do-ukraini.html
Артилеристи ВМС ЗС України знищили російський 2С4 «Тюльпан»
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/artylerysty-vms-zs-ukrayiny-znyshhyly-rosijskyj-2s4-tyulpan/
阿布扎比的乌克兰人将举行大规模的刺绣日活动
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/ukrayinczi-v-abu-dabi-provedut-masshtabnu-podiyu-do-dnya-vyshyvanky/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====