乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-05

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(10:17). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24487
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Buchky of Chernihiv regio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4678
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Topoli, Kamyanka, Fonolivka, Novomolinsk, courtyard ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4679
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka and Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torsk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4680
JSC Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Bakhmut, Ivanovsk, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4681
JSC Avdiivka Directioz Rusian Army Shelled Novokalinova, Berdyshi, Avdiivka, Lastochkin, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4682
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Kalledar, Bogoyavlenko, Novoukrainka, Priest ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4684
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Novosilka and Novopil o...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4685
Fires reported at Ilyinsky refinery in Krasnodar Krai and Novoshakhtinsky oil products plant ...
https://t.me/glavmedia/254908
Donetsk region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region (23: CHZ). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding ....
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44457
Zaporizka Oblast(00:02). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12611
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(00:02). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44459
Wagner PMC chief Yevgeny Prigozhin has just released a new video, stood over the corpses of d...
https://twitter.com/ozkaterji/status/1654255988571090945
Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region (05:52). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44466
Poltavska Oblast(05:54). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/11023
Donetsk Oblast(05:54). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44467
How to get an excerpt from a single register of persons missing in special circumstances
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/04/yak-otrymaty-vytyag-iz-yedynogo-reyestru-osib-znyklyh-bezvisty-za-osoblyvyh-obstavyn/
The result of the innovation program will satisfy the needs of the Armed Forces in promising weapons and military equipment samples
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/04/rezultatom-innovaczijnoyi-programy-stane-zadovolennya-potreb-zsu-v-perspektyvnyh-zrazkah-ozbroyennya-i-vijskovoyi-tehniky/
About 560 expert experts work on innovative projects for the Armed Forces-Vladimir Kotsyuruba
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/04/blyzko-560-ekspertiv-fahivcziv-praczyuyut-nad-innovaczijnymy-proyektamy-dlya-zsu-volodymyr-koczyuruba/
Denmark and Germany this month will transfer 80 Leopard I tanks to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705447-dania-ta-nimeccina-cogo-misaca-peredadut-ukraini-80-tankiv-leopard-i.html
Sandu: We are safe only thanks to Ukraine, Russia seeks to revive the USSR
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705445-sandu-mi-v-bezpeci-lise-zavdaki-ukraini-rosia-pragne-vidroditi-srsr.html
The Russians fired at police officers who evacuated civilians from Bakhmut: there is a dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705444-rosiani-obstrilali-policejskih-aki-evakuuvali-civilnih-iz-bahmuta-e-zagibla.html
Zvyagel's players are claiming to raise in class
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705432-futbolisti-zvagela-vijsli-na-druge-misce-u-drugij-lizi-pfl.html
The invaders fired at Bakhmut with phosphorus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705437-rosiani-obstriluut-bahmut-fosforom.html
Departed former Mayor Berdyansk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3705436-pisov-z-zitta-kolisnij-mer-berdanska.html
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Yeline, Mykolayivka, Ivan...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4688
Europeans accused Russia of ecocid during invasion of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705431-evropejci-zvinuvatili-rosiu-v-ekocidi-pid-cas-vtorgnenna-v-ukrainu.html
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army walked the phonolivka, Novomolinsk, Kamyanka, Dvorichny, West ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4689
Zelensky met with Blackrock's management: talked about investments and recovery of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3705428-zelenskij-zustrivsa-z-kerivnictvom-blackrock-govorili-pro-investicii-ta-vidnovlenna-ukraini.html
AT LIMAN DIRETIIN RUSSIAN Army Shelled Stelmakhivka, Andriyivka, Greek, Makeevka, Nesskhe ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4690
More than two thousand Ukrainian military is trained in Britain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705426-u-britanii-prohodat-navcanna-ponad-dvi-tisaci-ukrainskih-vijskovih.html
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Nikiforivka, Vasukivka, Novomarkovo, Markovo, Grigo ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4691
Journalists have already installed already 22,000 Russian invaders liquidated in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705427-zurnalisti-poimenno-vstanovili-vze-22-tisaci-rosijskih-okupantiv-likvidovanih-v-ukraini.html
Chinese intelligence was intimidated by Diasporyan in Canada
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705425-kitajska-rozvidka-zalakuvala-diasporan-u-kanadi.html
During the day, the Russians fired at Sumy Region Nine times
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705419-protagom-dna-rosiani-devat-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
Shmigal discussed with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of British priorities of Ukraine's restoration of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3705423-smigal-obgovoriv-iz-glavou-mzs-britanii-prioriteti-vidnovlenna-ukraini.html
The UN representative is negotiating in Moscow to continue the grain agreement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705421-predstavnica-oon-vede-peregovori-v-moskvi-dla-prodovzenna-zernovoi-ugodi.html
Zelensky noted state awards 153 servicemen, 130 of them - posthumously
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705413-zelenskij-vidznaciv-derzavnimi-nagorodami-153-vijskovosluzbovciv-130-iz-nih-posmertno.html
US is put into operation a new Virginia submarine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705416-ssa-vvodat-v-ekspluataciu-novij-pidvodnij-coven-klasu-virdzinia.html
Germany will not hold the Fencing World Cup with the participation of Russians and Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705415-nimeccina-ne-provoditime-etap-kubka-svitu-z-fehtuvanna-za-ucastu-rosian-ta-bilorusiv.html
OP is expected that at the summit in Vilnius can begin forming the procedure of Ukraine's accession in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705412-v-op-rozrahovuut-so-na-samiti-u-vilnusi-moze-pocatisa-formuvanna-proceduri-vstupu-ukraini-v-nato.html
The President thanked the Air Force fighters and all units that protect the sky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705410-prezident-podakuvav-bijcam-povitranih-sil-ta-vsim-pidrozdilam-so-zahisaut-nebo.html
The Foreign Minister noted the girl who refused to perform at the Sanremo contest because of the involvement of the Russian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3705408-kuleba-vidznaciv-divcinku-aka-vidmovilasa-vistupati-na-konkursi-sanremo-cerez-ucast-rosianina.html
The Russians again fired the border of Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705405-rosiani-znovu-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini.html
As a result of meetings in Helsinki and Hague we have a powerful strengthening of weapons - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705404-za-pidsumkami-zustricej-u-gelsinki-ta-gaazi-maemo-potuzne-posilenna-zbroeu-zelenskij.html
Jamala presented the Qirim album with ancient Crimean Tatar songs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3705402-dzamala-prezentuvala-albom-qirim-zi-starovinnimi-krimskotatarskimi-pisnami.html
Handed the Russians to the air defense position: Odessa was given 15 years in prison
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3705195-zdavav-rosianam-pozicii-ppo-odesitu-dali-15-rokiv-vaznici.html
The President met with representatives of the Venetian Commission
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705406-prezident-zustrivsa-iz-predstavnikami-venecianskoi-komisii.html
A charity sports event was held in Kyiv in support of Azovstal defenders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3705401-u-kievi-proveli-blagodijnij-sportivnij-zahid-na-pidtrimku-zahisnikiv-azovstali.html
The UN urge the governments of the countries not to return refugees to Sudan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705233-v-oon-zaklikaut-uradi-krain-ne-povertati-bizenciv-do-sudanu.html
Air defense shot down 2 drones in Dnipropetrovsk region overnight
https://t.me/UkraineNow/32616
Fire at Ilskiy refinery in Krasnodar Krai as result of new drone attack
https://t.me/bazabazon/17396
Attack on Ilskiy refinery was conducted by saboteurs, not drone, and suspects were detained a...
https://t.me/rusbrief/114452
Zaporizka Oblast(08:56). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44474
A three-meter reconnaissance drone was found in a field in the Rostov region. It has been wat...
https://t.me/shot_shot/50987
Donetsk Oblast(09:12). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44475
Russian army conducted 10 missile strikes, 75 airstrikes and over 65 shelling with MLRS, - Ge...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4687
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(09:19). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44476
Chief of PMC Wagner mercenaries Evgeniy Prigozhin has announced withdrawal of his units from ...
https://t.me/bazabazon/17401
UAV attack on Kremlin likely to be discussed at Security Council of Russia, - Kremlin’s spoke...
https://t.me/bbbreaking/154639
Kremlin's spokesperson confirmed Kremlin is aware of Prigozhin's statements
https://t.me/bbbreaking/154641
Ukraine returned the bodies of another 80 fallen soldiers, - the Ministry of Reintegration
https://t.me/espresotb/61772
Chernihivska Oblast(11:33). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18279
Sumska Oblast(11:33). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44481
Schelling Reported in clear dawns And Cheremosnoy Villages of Belgorod Region
https://t.me/shot_shot/50999
President of Ukraine Zelensky met with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Bahrain Abdullatif ...
https://twitter.com/Flash_news_ua/status/1654441641262841856
Russian aviation dropped 4 guided bombs at Kozatske and Vesele villages of Nova Kakhovka comm...
https://t.me/ukrpravda_news/30229
Donetsk Oblast(13:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44485
Occupation authorities announced evacuation from 18 settlements in Zaporizhzhia region, inclu...
https://t.me/bbbreaking/154667
Poltavska Oblast(15:36). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/11031
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(15:36). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/15087
Donetsk region, Sumy region, Odesa region, Mykolaiv, Mykolaiv region, Zaporizhzhya region ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44494
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(15:39). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44495
Kirovohradska Oblast(15:45). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44496
Cherkaska Oblast(15:46). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44497
Chernihivska Oblast(16:01). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44498
Kyiv(16:05). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/KyivCityOfficial/6605
Explosions reported in Sloviansk
https://t.me/Donbas_Operativniy/37619
Vinnytsia region, Zhytomyr, Zhytomyr region, Kiev region (16:08). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate ....
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44502
Russian Tu-95 bombers have reportedly launched Kh-101 missiles towards Ukraine from the area ...
https://t.me/our_odessa/46954
Russian Tu-22M3 bombers reportedly launched Kh-22 missiles at Kramatorsk
https://t.me/war_monitor/7101
Enterprise destroyed as result of Russian missile strike in Sloviansk
https://t.me/lachentyt/28985
A charity concert of the Lithuanian orchestra and the Ukrainian pianist will be held in Vilnius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3705237-u-vilnusi-projde-blagodijnij-koncert-litovskogo-orkestru-ta-ukrainskogo-pianista.html
Russo-Iranian threat: Stefanchuk urged Bahrain to help restrain the "axis of evil"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705241-rosijskoiranska-zagroza-stefancuk-zaklikav-bahrejn-dopomogti-strimati-vis-zla.html
The European Commission has approved the Polish State Support Program of Agrarians for € 435 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705240-evrokomisia-shvalila-polsku-programu-derzpidtrimki-agrariiv-na-435-miljoniv.html
The memorials in Berlin were banned from Ukrainian and Russian flags on May holidays
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705242-na-memorialah-u-berlini-zaboronili-ukrainski-ta-rosijski-prapori-na-travnevi-svata.html
IOC should worry about Ukrainian, not Russian athletes - the Minister of Sports of Austria
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705243-mok-mae-turbuvatisa-pro-ukrainskih-a-ne-rosijskih-sportsmeniv-ministr-sportu-avstrii.html
The NBU was told about banks' profit for the 1st quarter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705244-u-nbu-rozpovili-pro-pributok-bankiv-za-i-kvartal.html
In Crimea, invaders make water and food reserves in case of isolation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3705245-u-krimu-zagarbniki-roblat-zapasi-vodi-ta-harciv-na-vipadok-izolacii.html
More than 200 people were hospitalized during Napoli Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705248-ponad-200-osib-gospitalizuvali-pid-cas-svatkuvanna-cempionstva-napoli.html
The Defense Ministry has launched an electronic recording system on VLK in five cities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3705252-minoboroni-zaavilo-pro-zapusk-sistemi-elektronnogo-zapisu-na-vlk-v-patoh-mistah.html
In Zhytomyr, an exhibition of paintings by a famous icon painter was opened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3705254-u-zitomiri-vidkrili-vistavku-kartin-vidomogo-hudoznikaikonopisca.html
Martha Kostyuk completed the performances in a paired category of tournament in Madrid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705256-marta-kostuk-zaversila-vistupi-u-parnomu-rozradi-turniru-v-madridi.html
Kyivteploenergo received 137 USAID generators
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3705258-kiivteploenergo-otrimalo-137-generatoriv-vid-usaid.html
Yermak discussed with Japan Ambassador to continue cooperation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705259-ermak-obgovoriv-iz-poslom-aponii-prodovzenna-spivpraci.html
Belarus introduced control of entry on the border with Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705261-bilorus-zaprovadila-kontrol-na-vizd-na-kordoni-z-rosieu.html
Military Russian Federation in Crimea is distributed plots next to the cemetery instead of the sea - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3705262-vijskovim-rf-u-krimu-rozdaut-dilanki-poruc-iz-kladovisem-zamist-mora-zmi.html
In Riga of Ukrainians, they were invited to Orthodox worship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3705152-u-rizi-ukrainciv-zaprosili-na-pravoslavne-bogosluzinna.html
In Kiev on Virky Boulevard restored traffic
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3705265-u-kievi-na-bulvari-virskogo-vidnovili-ruh-transportu.html
In Kiev, a resident of Umani was operated on in which the rocket's fragment passed through the left hemisphere of the brain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3705266-u-kievi-prooperuvali-zitelku-umani-v-akoi-ulamok-raketi-projsov-kriz-livu-pivkulu-mozku.html
Brussels Mayor took part in the launch of the Alley of Friends of Kiev on Vladimir Hill
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3705269-mer-brussela-vzav-ucast-u-zapocatkuvanni-alei-druziv-kieva-na-volodimirskij-girci.html
Dmytro Kuleba called for a deepening dialogue with Bahrain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705271-dmitro-kuleba-zaklikav-do-pogliblenna-dialogu-z-bahrejnom.html
The Cabinet of Ministers invited Bahrain to join the post -war reconstruction of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3705274-kabmin-zaprosiv-bahrejn-dolucitisa-do-povoennoi-vidbudovi-ukraini.html
The preparation of cabbage caps was entered on the list of intangible heritage of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3705275-prigotuvanna-golubciv-vnesli-do-spisku-nematerialnoi-spadsini-ukraini.html
WHO has canceled the Covid-19 pandemic status
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3705279-vooz-skasuvala-status-pandemii-covid19.html
Unemployment rate by the end of the year will decrease to 18.3% - the National Bank
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705278-riven-bezrobitta-do-kinca-roku-znizitsa-do-183-nacbank.html
Foreign Ministry on Deportation of Children: The OSCE report can be used to hold Russia accountable
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705282-mzs-pro-deportaciu-ditej-zvit-obse-moze-buti-vikoristanij-dla-pritagnenna-rosii-do-vidpovidalnosti.html
In the northern operating area, the defense is strengthened daily - Naev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705285-u-pivnicnij-operacijnij-zoni-oborona-zmicnuetsa-sodna-naev.html
The court in Moscow arrested the Crimean Tatarka Umerov for two months
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3705286-sud-u-moskvi-zaarestuvav-krimsku-tatarku-umerovu-na-dva-misaci.html
The GRP consent to the detention of judge Bogomolova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3705288-vrp-nadala-zgodu-na-utrimanna-pid-vartou-suddi-bogomolovoi.html
Bahrain Foreign Minister told how he sees the achievement of peace in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705290-glava-mzs-bahrejnu-rozpoviv-akim-bacit-dosagnenna-miru-v-ukraini.html
Ukrnafta has increased the average daily oil production
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705291-ukrnafta-zbilsila-serednodobovij-vidobutok-nafti.html
The Ministry of Defense calls the Polish government to unlock the Yagodin - Dorogushk checkpoint
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705295-minvidnovlenna-zaklikae-polskij-urad-rozblokuvati-punkt-propusku-agodin-dorogusk.html
Yastremskaya went out to the WTA tournament in Spain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705296-astremska-vijsla-do-pivfinalu-turniru-wta-v-ispanii.html
2.3 million hectares of grain have already been sown in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705297-v-ukraini-vze-posiali-23-miljona-gektariv-zernovih.html
In Kiev presented the exhibition "Soledar. Salt. War"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3705299-u-kievi-prezentuvali-vistavku-soledar-sil-vijna.html
Snow Maida went out to the semifinals on 25 thousand ITF in Spain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705300-snigur-vijsla-do-pivfinalu-na-25tisacniku-itf-v-ispanii.html
Zelensky Peace Plan and the US Congress Resolution outline the victory of Ukraine - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705301-mirnij-plan-zelenskogo-ta-proekt-rezolucii-kongresu-ssa-okresluut-peremogu-ukraini-ekspert.html
Obolon metro station will change the work of the lobby
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3705302-na-stancii-metro-obolon-7-travna-zminitsa-robota-vestibuliv.html
In frontline areas with the support of France plan to build 10 modular hospitals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3705303-u-prifrontovih-rajonah-za-pidtrimki-francii-planuut-pobuduvati-10-modulnih-likaren.html
Pentagon announced in northern Europe the start of the naval exercises "Grays Shield"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705305-pentagon-anonsuvav-na-pivnoci-evropi-start-vijskovomorskih-navcan-griznij-sit.html
Italian Foreign Minister has canceled a visit to France - the country awaits apology from Paris
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705308-glava-mzs-italii-skasuvav-vizit-do-francii-kraina-ocikue-vibacen-vid-pariza.html
At the crossroads of Bekeshkina and Wilde streets were staged a circular solution
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3705306-na-perehresti-vulic-bekeskinoi-ta-vilde-vlastuvali-kilcevu-rozvazku.html
Inhabitants around the Kakhovka reservoir call on weekends not to go outside
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3705309-ziteliv-navkolo-kahovskogo-vodoshovisa-zaklikaut-u-vihidni-ne-vihoditi-na-vulicu.html
In Vienna on May 8 there will be a Ukrainian cultural event with a screening of "Rooster House"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3705313-u-vidni-8-travna-projde-ukrainskij-kulturnij-zahid-z-pokazom-filmu-budinok-zi-skalok.html
Luxembourg, Luxembourg has entered the top ten of the best Ukrainian films
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3705314-luksemburg-luksemburg-uvijsov-u-desatku-najkasovisih-ukrainskih-filmiv.html
Approaching the end of the term "grain agreement" slows the export of Ukrainian grain - Reuters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705318-nablizenna-kinca-terminu-zernovoi-ugodi-spovilnue-eksport-ukrainskogo-zbizza-reuters.html
Mariupol Mayor presented the city revival plan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3705315-mer-mariupola-predstaviv-plan-vidrodzenna-mista.html
The Senate's Senate site attacked Russian hackers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3705319-sajt-senatu-francii-atakuvali-rosijski-hakeri.html
UkrPoshta presents for the International Children's Day of Brand Brand "Most Cherence Dream"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3705320-ukrposta-prezentue-do-miznarodnogo-dna-zahistu-ditej-marku-najzapovitnisa-mria.html
Waterpiece in Zaporozhye: Police help residents of the flooded island of Muravian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3705323-vodopilla-na-zaporizzi-policejski-dopomagaut-zitelam-zatoplenogo-ostrova-muravinij.html
Poland has transmitted a note of Russia's protest because of the threats of ambassador in Moscow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705325-polsa-peredala-notu-protestu-rosii-cerez-pogrozi-poslu-u-moskvi.html
The journalist showed the horrific conditions for the rehabilitation of the soldiers in Cherkasy region - the establishment began cleaning
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3705326-zurnalistka-pokazala-zahlivi-umovi-reabilitacii-bijciv-na-cerkasini-zaklad-pocav-pribiranna.html
Sergei Bogachuk will take his next battle in July
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705328-sergij-bogacuk-provede-svij-nastupnij-bij-u-lipni.html
Losses of 176 million: Two Centrenergo officials reported suspicions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705330-zbitki-na-176-miljoniv-dvom-posadovca-centrenergo-povidomili-pro-pidozri.html
Lubinets discussed with UNICEF protection of the rights of children affected by war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3705331-lubinec-obgovoriv-iz-unisef-zahist-prav-ditej-aki-postrazdali-cerez-vijnu.html
OTR Bank Ukraine reject accusations of activity of the group in the Russian market
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705333-v-otr-bank-ukraina-vidkidaut-zvinuvacenna-v-aktivnosti-roboti-grupi-na-rinku-rf.html
Residents of the destroyed village in Kherson region presented options for recovery of homes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3705337-zitelam-zrujnovanogo-sela-na-hersonsini-prezentuvali-varianti-vidnovlenna-budinkiv.html
The Embassy of Ukraine in Germany is introducing a new format of Memorial and Reconciliation Day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705339-posolstvo-ukraini-u-frn-zaprovadzue-novij-format-dna-pamati-ta-primirenna.html
"Milvoki" released the head coach of Budenhalzer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705338-milvoki-zvilniv-golovnogo-trenera-budenholcera.html
In Ukraine, the Dream Infrastructure Ecosystem is launched
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3705340-v-ukraini-zapuskaut-ekosistemu-upravlinna-vidbudovou-infrastrukturi-dream.html
The government agreed to the appointment of the head of the Pavlograd Regional State Administration of Dnipropetrovsk and the Deputy Chairman of the KODA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3705341-urad-pogodiv-priznacenna-golovi-pavlogradskoi-rda-dnipropetrovsini-ta-zastupnika-golovi-koda.html
The EU finally approved the allocation of € 1 billion per ammunition for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705346-es-ostatocno-shvaliv-vidilenna-milarda-evro-na-zakupivlu-boepripasiv-dla-ukraini.html
The Government allocates to the regions and communities an additional 3.1 billion - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705345-urad-vidilae-regionam-ta-gromadam-dodatkovi-31-milarda-smigal.html
The Cabinet allowed to transfer military property to the National Police and the SSSU Administration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3705348-kabmin-dozvoliv-peredavati-vijskove-majno-nacpolicii-ta-administracii-dpsu.html
Ukraine plans to present the Culture Bloc at the Brussels Bridge Summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3705350-ukraina-planue-prezentuvati-blok-kultura-na-samiti-mist-u-brusseli.html
Energoatom, IAEA and the French Government signed a cooperation agreement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705354-energoatom-magate-i-urad-francii-pidpisali-ugodu-pro-spivpracu.html
Defense forces repel over 30 Russian attacks in three directions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705357-sili-oboroni-vidbili-ponad-30-rosijskih-atak-na-troh-napramkah.html
Naftogaz is preparing for the heating season: Chernyshov met with mayors of cities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705356-naftogaz-gotuetsa-do-opaluvalnogo-sezonu-cernisov-zustrivsa-z-merami-mist.html
Lviv region was the first in Ukraine to introduce e-ticket on suburban and long distance routes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3705358-lvivsina-persou-v-ukraini-zaprovadila-ekvitka-na-primiskih-ta-mizmiskih-marsrutah.html
For Trukhanov, more than 13 million pledge - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3705360-za-truhanova-vnesli-ponad-13-miljoniv-zastavi-zmi.html
Shmigal and Wallace visited the Armed Forces fighters who are trained in Britain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705361-smigal-i-volles-vidvidali-bijciv-zsu-aki-prohodat-navcanna-u-britanii.html
Ukraine plans to sign a grant agreement with Japan for the purchase of medical equipment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3705362-ukraina-planue-pidpisati-z-aponieu-grantovu-ugodu-na-zakupivlu-medobladnanna.html
Ukraine has broken two agreements with Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705363-ukraina-rozirvala-dvi-ugodi-z-bilorussu.html
Ukrainians started performing at the Canadian stage of the World Cup on Jumping in Water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705364-ukrainci-rozpocali-vistup-na-kanadskomu-etapi-kubka-svitu-zi-stribkiv-u-vodu.html
The Government proposes to reduce the limit age for recruits from 27 to 25 years
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3705365-urad-proponue-zmensiti-granicnij-vik-dla-prizovnikiv-z-27-do-25-rokiv.html
Zelensky met with USBasadors United24
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3705369-zelenskij-zustrivsa-z-ambasadorami-united24.html
Ukraine and Lithuania have introduced a simplified exchange of driver's licenses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3705367-ukraina-ta-litva-zaprovadili-sprosenij-obmin-posvidcen-vodia.html
The National Bank has canceled a license for another insurer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705370-nacbank-anuluvav-licenziu-se-odnomu-strahoviku.html
In the Beryslav district, a tractor driver was blown up in a hostile mini
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3705374-u-berislavskomu-rajoni-na-vorozij-mini-pidirvavsa-traktorist.html
Ukraine will receive from the Allies the powerful military packages required for counter -offensive - OP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705376-ukraina-otrimae-vid-souznikiv-potuzni-vijskovi-paketi-aki-neobhidni-dla-kontrnastupu-op.html
May 5 there is a lunar eclipse
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3705384-5-travna-sposterigaetsa-misacne-zatemnenna.html
In the Ukrainian in the Kyiv region tomorrow will start a repair of a damaged house
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3705380-v-ukrainci-na-kiivsini-zavtra-rozpocnut-vidnovlenna-poskodzenogo-budinku.html
Zelenskaya urged employers to provide comfortable conditions for the wounded at the front of the soldiers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3705382-zelenska-zaklikala-pracedavciv-zabezpeciti-komfortni-umovi-dla-poranenih-na-fronti-bijciv.html
Russians kissed C-300 missiles in two plants in Donetsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705383-rosiani-pocilili-raketami-s300-u-dva-zavodi-na-doneccini.html
Svitolina made his way to the 1/2 finals of WTA tournament in France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705387-svitolina-probilasa-do-12-finalu-turniru-wta-u-francii.html
36 countries have already joined the Special Tribunal Tribunal Group
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705386-do-grupi-zi-stvorenna-spectribunalu-dla-rf-vze-priednalisa-36-krain.html
US Congress delegation visited Bucha
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705389-delegacia-kongresu-ssa-vidvidala-bucu.html
Zelensky: We do everything to make the world hear Ukraine understand and help
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705394-zelenskij-robimo-vse-sob-svit-cuv-ukrainu-rozumiv-i-dopomagav.html
Ambassador and activists call Berlin not to ban Ukrainian flags on May 8
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705391-posol-j-aktivisti-zaklikaut-berlin-ne-zaboronati-ukrainski-prapori-8-travna.html
More than 114,000 Ukrainians have found temporary shelter in Slovakia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3705396-ponad-114-tisac-ukrainciv-znajsli-timcasovij-prihistok-u-slovaccini.html
Canada can send several Chinese diplomats - Foreign Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705397-kanada-moze-vislati-kilkoh-kitajskih-diplomativ-glava-mzs.html
Zelensky discussed the situation at the Zaporozhye NPP and the grain corridor with the US Congressmen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705400-zelenskij-zustrivsa-z-delegacieu-amerikanskih-kongresmeniv.html
A charity sports event was held in Kyiv in support of Azovstal defenders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3705401-u-kievi-proveli-blagodijnij-sportivnij-zahid-na-pidtrimku-zahisnikiv-azovstali.html
The President met with representatives of the Venetian Commission
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705406-prezident-zustrivsa-iz-predstavnikami-venecianskoi-komisii.html
Handed the Russians to the air defense position: Odessa was given 15 years in prison
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3705195-zdavav-rosianam-pozicii-ppo-odesitu-dali-15-rokiv-vaznici.html
Jamala presented the Qirim album with ancient Crimean Tatar songs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3705402-dzamala-prezentuvala-albom-qirim-zi-starovinnimi-krimskotatarskimi-pisnami.html
As a result of meetings in Helsinki and Hague we have a powerful strengthening of weapons - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705404-za-pidsumkami-zustricej-u-gelsinki-ta-gaazi-maemo-potuzne-posilenna-zbroeu-zelenskij.html
The Russians again fired the border of Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705405-rosiani-znovu-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini.html
The Foreign Minister noted the girl who refused to perform at the Sanremo contest because of the involvement of the Russian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3705408-kuleba-vidznaciv-divcinku-aka-vidmovilasa-vistupati-na-konkursi-sanremo-cerez-ucast-rosianina.html
The President thanked the Air Force fighters and all units that protect the sky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705410-prezident-podakuvav-bijcam-povitranih-sil-ta-vsim-pidrozdilam-so-zahisaut-nebo.html
OP is expected that at the summit in Vilnius can begin forming the procedure of Ukraine's accession in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705412-v-op-rozrahovuut-so-na-samiti-u-vilnusi-moze-pocatisa-formuvanna-proceduri-vstupu-ukraini-v-nato.html
Germany will not hold the Fencing World Cup with the participation of Russians and Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705415-nimeccina-ne-provoditime-etap-kubka-svitu-z-fehtuvanna-za-ucastu-rosian-ta-bilorusiv.html
US is put into operation a new Virginia submarine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705416-ssa-vvodat-v-ekspluataciu-novij-pidvodnij-coven-klasu-virdzinia.html
Zelensky noted state awards 153 servicemen, 130 of them - posthumously
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705413-zelenskij-vidznaciv-derzavnimi-nagorodami-153-vijskovosluzbovciv-130-iz-nih-posmertno.html
The UN representative is negotiating in Moscow to continue the grain agreement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3705421-predstavnica-oon-vede-peregovori-v-moskvi-dla-prodovzenna-zernovoi-ugodi.html
Shmigal discussed with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of British priorities of Ukraine's restoration of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3705423-smigal-obgovoriv-iz-glavou-mzs-britanii-prioriteti-vidnovlenna-ukraini.html
During the day, the Russians fired at Sumy Region Nine times
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705419-protagom-dna-rosiani-devat-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
Chinese intelligence was intimidated by Diasporyan in Canada
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705425-kitajska-rozvidka-zalakuvala-diasporan-u-kanadi.html
Journalists have already installed already 22,000 Russian invaders liquidated in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705427-zurnalisti-poimenno-vstanovili-vze-22-tisaci-rosijskih-okupantiv-likvidovanih-v-ukraini.html
More than two thousand Ukrainian military is trained in Britain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705426-u-britanii-prohodat-navcanna-ponad-dvi-tisaci-ukrainskih-vijskovih.html
Zelensky met with Blackrock's management: talked about investments and recovery of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3705428-zelenskij-zustrivsa-z-kerivnictvom-blackrock-govorili-pro-investicii-ta-vidnovlenna-ukraini.html
Europeans accused Russia of ecocid during invasion of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705431-evropejci-zvinuvatili-rosiu-v-ekocidi-pid-cas-vtorgnenna-v-ukrainu.html
Departed former Mayor Berdyansk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3705436-pisov-z-zitta-kolisnij-mer-berdanska.html
The invaders fired at Bakhmut with phosphorus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705437-rosiani-obstriluut-bahmut-fosforom.html
Zvyagel's players are claiming to raise in class
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705432-futbolisti-zvagela-vijsli-na-druge-misce-u-drugij-lizi-pfl.html
The Russians fired at police officers who evacuated civilians from Bakhmut: there is a dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705444-rosiani-obstrilali-policejskih-aki-evakuuvali-civilnih-iz-bahmuta-e-zagibla.html
Sandu: We are safe only thanks to Ukraine, Russia seeks to revive the USSR
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705445-sandu-mi-v-bezpeci-lise-zavdaki-ukraini-rosia-pragne-vidroditi-srsr.html
Denmark and Germany this month will transfer 80 Leopard I tanks to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3705447-dania-ta-nimeccina-cogo-misaca-peredadut-ukraini-80-tankiv-leopard-i.html
In the Ministry of Reintegration, they told you how to apply for childbirth help while being abroad
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/u-minreintegracziyi-rozpovily-yak-oformyty-dopomogu-pry-narodzhenni-dytyny-pid-chas-perebuvannya-za-kordonom/
Three residents of Dnipropetrovsk region were suspected of collaborationism
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/troye-meshkancziv-dnipropetrovshhyny-otrymaly-pidozru-u-kolaboraczionizmi/
The Mx-7 State Multiplex is ready for work-more than 90% of Ukraine will be covered by telecommunication
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/derzhavnyj-multypleks-mh-7-gotovyj-rozpochaty-robotu-televizijnym-movlennyam-bude-pokryto-ponad-90-terytoriyi-ukrayiny/
Bakhmut's resident was sentenced to 7 years behind bars for dissemination of the Armed Forces Location
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/zhytelya-bahmuta-zasudzheno-do-7-rokiv-za-gratamy-za-poshyrennya-informacziyi-pro-roztashuvannya-zsu/
Rashist's wife complains that Rosarmia is not charged even with missing limbs - intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/druzhyna-rashysta-skarzhytsya-shho-z-rosarmiyi-ne-komisuyut-navit-z-vidsutnimy-kinczivkamy-perehoplennya-gur/
Rashists are disposed of outdated ammunition in Ukraine - Vladimir Kotsyuruba
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/rashysty-utylizuyut-v-ukrayini-zastarili-boyeprypasy-volodymyr-koczyuruba/
How to draw up passport documents abroad
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/dms-ukrayiny-rozpovila-yak-za-kordonom-oformyty-pasportni-dokumenty/
Joseph Biden: "I was surprised by how courageous and brave not only the military but also the Ukrainian people"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/dzhozef-bajden-ya-buv-zdyvovanyj-tym-naskilky-muzhni-j-horobri-ne-lyshe-vijskovi-a-j-ukrayinskyj-narod/
The SBU detained Viscener Voznesensk, who is suspected of stealing budget money for the purchase of defense products
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/sbu-zatrymala-viczemera-voznesenska-yakyj-pidozryuyetsya-u-rozkradanni-byudzhetnyh-groshej-na-zakupivli-oboronnoyi-produkcziyi/
Aviation of Defense Forces has struck 6 strokes on enemy concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-6-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
Our warriors repulsed about 60 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/nashi-voyiny-vidbyly-blyzko-60-atak-voroga/
In the northern direction of the signs of formation of offensive groups of the racists not revealed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/na-pivnichnomu-napryamku-oznak-formuvannya-nastupalnyh-ugrupovan-rashystiv-ne-vyyavleno/
The occupiers carry out forced certification in temporarily captured territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/na-tymchasovo-zahoplenyh-terytoriyah-okupanty-provodyat-prymusovu-pasportyzacziyu/
Defense forces eliminated more than 600 invaders, destroyed 16 artisystems and 8 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/syly-oborony-likviduvaly-ponad-600-okupantiv-znyshhyly-16-artsystem-i-8-bbm/
Today is the International Day of Struggle for the Rights of Persons with Disabilities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/sogodni-mizhnarodnyj-den-borotby-za-prava-invalidiv/
In the east of air defense, two hostile Shahd-136/131 was destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/na-shodi-syly-ppo-znyshhyly-dva-vorozhyh-shahed-136-131/
The premiere of the track "Love Steel" performed by Maria Burmaka will take place today
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/sogodni-vidbudetsya-premyera-treku-kohannya-stal-u-vykonanni-mariyi-burmaky/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-2/
Night shelling of Sumy region border: almost 40 explosions were heard in the area of 5 settlements
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/nichni-obstrily-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-majzhe-40-vybuhiv-prolunalo-v-rajoni-5-naselenyh-punktiv/
Ukraine is a priority at G7 Summit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/ukrayina-priorytetna-tema-na-samiti-g7-glava-yevrokomisiyi-u-rozmovi-z-premyerom-kanady/
Alexei Reznikov met with the General Inspector of the Bundeswehr
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/oleksij-reznikov-zustrivsya-z-generalnym-inspektorom-bundesveru/
During the day, rescuers went to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling almost 200 times
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-majzhe-200-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv/
In Ukraine, for the first time celebrate the Day of Specialists of Civil-Military Cooperation of the Armed Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/v-ukrayini-vpershe-vidznachayut-den-fahivcziv-czyvilno-vijskovogo-spivrobitnycztva-zbrojnyh-syl-ukrayiny/
The IAEA conducted a mission rotation at the Chernobyl and Rivne NPP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/magate-provela-rotacziyu-misij-na-chornobylskij-ta-rivnenskij-aes/
A day from Russian shelling killed two civilians, nine ’ yat wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/za-dobu-vid-rosijskyh-obstriliv-zagynulo-dvi-czyvilni-osoby-devyat-poraneno/
Europol has already identified 150 people involved in crimes committed during Russian aggression against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/yevropol-vzhe-identyfikuvav-150-osib-prychetnyh-do-zlochyniv-vchynenyh-pid-chas-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-proty-ukrayiny/
US Ambassador: Gender equality and inclusivity make Ukraine stronger against Russian aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/posol-ssha-genderna-rivnist-ta-inklyuzyvnist-roblyat-ukrayinu-sylnishoyu-proty-agresiyi-rf/
The law enforcement officer who tried to sell the databases of the Ukrainian military is waiting for a court
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/na-pravoohoronczya-yakyj-namagavsya-prodaty-bazy-danyh-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-chekaye-sud/
Families of captive Marines met with representatives of the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/rodyny-polonenyh-morpihiv-zustrilysya-z-predstavnykamy-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-4/
UP ’ Angue for 12 years: Donetsk resident transmitted information about the Armed Forces to the Russian security officers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/uvyaznena-na-12-rokiv-meshkanka-donechchyny-peredavala-rosijskym-sylovykam-informacziyu-pro-zsu/
Ukraine has returned the bodies of another 80 dead defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/ukrayina-povernula-tila-shhe-80-zagyblyh-oboroncziv/
Through the United24 platform, the world's first naval drones - President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/cherez-platformu-united24-zapochatkovanyj-pershyj-u-sviti-flot-morskyh-droniv-prezydent/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 17,000 crimes against National Security have been documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-17-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-naczbezpeky-3/
Ombudsman's weekly sends inquiries for missing missing - Coordination Headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/shhotyzhnya-ombudsman-nadsylaye-zapyty-rf-shhodo-znyklyh-bezvisty-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
This morning Rushists attacked Sumy region by managed flights twice
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/sogodni-vranczi-rashysty-dvichi-atakuvaly-sumshhynu-kerovanymy-aviaraketamy/
The enemy is struggling to take Bakhmut under control by May 9
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/vorog-z-usih-syl-namagayetsya-vzyaty-bahmut-pid-kontrol-do-9-travnya/
A typical Russian prisoner went for the sake of "stability" and "opportunities to advance"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/typovyj-rosijskyj-polonenyj-voyuvaty-pishov-zarady-stabilnosti-ta-mozhlyvosti-prosunutysya/
In eastern Ukraine detained Russian agents who "hunted" on Himars
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/na-shodi-ukrayiny-zatrymaly-rosijskyh-agentiv-yaki-polyuvaly-na-himars/
Wagner's exit statement from Bakhmut can be a military cunning - Petro Chernik
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/zayava-pro-vyhid-vagnera-z-bahmuta-mozhe-buty-vijskovoyu-hytristyu-petro-chernyk/
For treatment abroad evacuated Ukrainian and civilian
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/na-likuvannya-za-kordon-evakuyuvaly-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-ta-czyvilnyh/
Metropolitan Epiphanius discussed the intensification
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/mytropolyt-epifanij-obgovoryv-posylennya-spivpraczi-z-kapelanom-komanduvannya-obyednanyh-syl-zsu/
More than 1,200 explosive items have been neutralized per day of Pyrotechnics of SES
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-1200-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
The entry to the Military Medical Commissions will be electronic by the end of May
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/zapys-do-vijskovo-likarskyh-komisij-stane-elektronnym-do-kinczya-travnya/
The tactics of Russians do not change - Anna painter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/taktyka-rosiyan-ne-zminyuyetsya-ganna-malyar/
Odessa, who gave the invader of deployment of air defense systems, will spend 15 years behind bars
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/odesyt-yakyj-zdavav-okupantu-dyslokacziyi-system-ppo-provede-15-rokiv-za-gratamy/
The Legendary Star Wars actor raised over $ 1.5 million for drones for Ukrainian military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/legendarnyj-aktor-iz-zoryanyh-vijn-zibrav-ponad-15-mln-na-drony-dlya-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/
Belgium directs percentages from frozen Russian assets for the restoration of Ukraine - Prime Minister of the country
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/belgiya-spryamuye-vidsotky-vid-zamorozhenyh-rosijskyh-aktyviv-na-vidnovlennya-ukrayiny-premyer-krayiny/
NATO Secretary General Special Representative in Kiev: Ukrainian women inspire the world
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/speczpredstavnyk-genseka-nato-v-kyyevi-ukrayinski-zhinky-nadyhayut-svit/
Defense Ministers of Germany and Denmark have visited the base where Ukrainian tankers train on Leopard
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/ministry-oborony-frn-ta-daniyi-vidvidaly-bazu-de-na-leopard-1-trenuyutsya-ukrayinski-tankisty/
Last week, the military with the Navy of the Armed Forces managed to destroy 77 invaders and 4 artillery systems
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/za-mynulyj-tyzhden-vijskovym-z-vms-zsu-vdalos-znyshhyty-77-okupantiv-ta-4-artylerijski-systemy/
The masking of Rashist equipment, BC and PMM warehouses are actually leveled
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/maskuvannya-rashystskoyi-tehniky-skladiv-bk-ta-pmm-faktychno-nivelovani-mozhlyvostyamy-narodnogo-suputnyka/
He fought against the Armed Forces in the Pokrovsky district - they will judge the machine gunner "DNR"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/voyuvav-proty-zsu-u-pokrovskomu-rajoni-sudytymut-kulemetnykv-dnr/
During the year, the United United States has raised more than $ 325 million. contributions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/za-rik-fandrejzyngova-platforma-united24-zibrala-ponad-325-mln-dol-vneskiv/
Our aviation has made 6 beats in areas of concentration of life and military equipment of enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/nasha-aviacziya-zavdala-6-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-zhyvoyi-syly-ta-vijskovoyi-tehniky-protyvnyka/
The most fierce battles continue for Bakhmut and Marinka - the GSU of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/najzapeklishi-boyi-tryvayut-za-bahmut-ta-maryinku-gsh-zsu/
Today the enemy has caused 2 missile and 26 aviation strikes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/sogodni-protyvnyk-zavdav-2-raketnyh-ta-26-aviaczijnyh-udariv/
Belgian partners handed over 4 more medical resuscitation for the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/belgijski-partnery-peredaly-shhe-4-medychni-reanimobili-dlya-zsu/
Updated a list of communities in hostilities or temporarily occupied
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/onovleno-perelik-gromad-u-rajonah-bojovyh-dij-abo-tymchasovo-okupovanyh/
In Kherson region, the occupiers use passport control groups
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/na-hersonshhyni-okupanty-vykorystovuyut-vyyizni-grupy-pasportnogo-kontrolyu/
Alexei Reznikov told about Ukraine's expectations from NATO summit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/oleksij-reznikov-rozpoviv-pro-ochikuvannya-ukrayiny-vid-samitu-nato/
We do our best to hear Ukraine, understand and help our country - President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/robymo-vse-shhob-svit-chuv-ukrayinu-rozumiv-i-dopomagav-nashij-derzhavi-prezydent/
The head of state met with the delegation of the Venetian Commission
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/glava-derzhavy-zustrivsya-z-delegacziyeyu-veneczianskoyi-komisiyi/
In the south, Rashists fired at more than 40 settlements
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/na-pivdni-rashysty-obstrilyaly-ponad-40-naselenyh-punktiv/
President of Ukraine met with a delegation of American congressmen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/prezydent-ukrayiny-zustrivsya-z-delegacziyeyu-amerykanskyh-kongresmeniv/
Almost 15,000 Ukrainian soldiers have already been trained in the UK
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/u-velykij-brytaniyi-vzhe-projshly-pidgotovku-majzhe-15-tysyach-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/
The government has accepted important changes to resolutions on disability from injuries and damage to civilians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/uryad-pryjnyav-vazhlyvi-zminy-do-postanov-shhodo-invalidnosti-vid-poranen-ta-ushkodzhen/
乌克兰总统庆祝了153个军人州奖
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/prezydent-ukrayiny-vidznachyv-derzhavnymy-nagorodamy-153-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
The wife of the mobilized rashist complains of the unsatisfactory attitude of the leadership to the subordinates – intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/druzhyna-mobilizovanogo-rashysta-skarzhytsya-na-nezadovilne-stavlennya-kerivnycztva-do-pidleglyh-perehoplennya-gur/
Short. War. Day 436. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/05/korotko-vijna-den-436-videodajdzhest/
The United Kingdom and Poland have made their way to the elite of the World Hockey Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705446-velika-britania-ta-polsa-probilisa-v-elitu-cempionatu-svitu-z-hokeu.html
The United Kingdom and Poland have made their way to the elite of the World Hockey Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3705446-velika-britania-ta-polsa-probilisa-v-elitu-cempionatu-svitu-z-hokeu.html
Activists in Berlin have achieved the abolition of the ban on Ukrainian flags on May 8 and 9
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3705448-aktivisti-u-berlini-domoglisa-skasuvanna-zaboroni-na-ukrainski-prapori-8-ta-9-travna.html
Von der Liaien met with Shmigal in London: Talked about the restoration of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3705449-fon-der-laen-zustrilasa-zi-smigalem-u-londoni-govorili-pro-vidnovlenna-ukraini.html
Invaders all day burn the bags of documents in Melitopol - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3705450-zagarbniki-cilij-den-spaluut-miskami-dokumenti-u-melitopoli-fedorov.html
In Kharkiv detained a foreign blogger who denied the crimes of the racists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/u-harkovi-zatrymaly-inozemnogo-blogera-yakyj-zaperechuvav-zlochyny-rashystiv/
European Union Member States are key partners of Ukraine in the war with the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/06/krayiny-chleny-yevropejskogo-soyuzu-ye-klyuchovymy-partneramy-ukrayiny-u-vijni-z-rf/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====