乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-07-08

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St.
https://t.me/lumsrc/5295
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Blessed, Coal, Golden Niva, Shakhtar ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5296
JSC Zaporizhzhia And Kherson DirecTion Rusian Army Shelled Malinovka, Guliaypole, Iron Monk ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5297
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5298
We're off. The initiative is now - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/my-nastupayemo-inicziatyva-zaraz-u-nas-volodymyr-zelenskyj-pro-kontrnastup/
Explosions were reported in Sorokyne(Krasnodon) of Luhansk region
https://t.me/war_monitor/8618
Alexei Reznikov and Lloyd Austin has verified the clock before the next Ramstein
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/oleksij-reznikov-ta-llojd-ostin-zviryly-godynnyky-pered-nastupnym-ramshtajnom/
Your blood can fight - the Ministry of Health of Ukraine advised how to become a donor of blood
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/tvoya-krov-mozhe-voyuvaty-moz-ukrayiny-poradylo-yak-staty-donorom-krovi/
In June, the Ministry of Reintegration transferred 42.1 million hryvnias to families of prisoners
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/u-chervni-minreintegracziyi-pererahuvalo-421-mln-gryven-simyam-polonenyh/
Shelling reported in Schebekyne of Belgorod region
https://t.me/zhest_belgorod/29529
Explosions were reported in Zaporizhzhia district, possible S-300 missile strike
https://t.me/info_zp/40397
The special unit of the GRO of Ukraine Kraken provides humanitarian assistance to residents of Kharkiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/speczpidrozdil-gur-mo-ukrayiny-kraken-nadaye-gumanitarnu-dopomogu-meshkanczyam-harkivshhyny/
Fifteen Ukrainian regions will rebuild 26 settlements in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/pyatnadczyat-ukrayinskyh-regioniv-vidbuduyut-26-naselenyh-punktiv-na-hersonshhyni/
The occupiers focus efforts in four directions, 30 combat clashes took place per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/okupanty-zoseredzhuyut-zusyllya-na-chotyroh-napryamkah-za-dobu-vidbulos-30-bojovyh-zitknen/
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated more than 500 invaders, destroyed 20 Artisystems and 12 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-ponad-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-20-artsystemu-i-12-bbm/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Peter Pavel met with a Ukrainian boy treated in the Czech Republic
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/volodymyr-zelenskyj-i-petr-pavel-zustrilysya-z-ukrayinskym-hlopchykom-yakyj-likuyetsya-v-chehiyi/
The enemy enhances his propaganda in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/protyvnyk-posylyuye-svoyu-propagandu-na-hersonshhyny/
The number of dead as a result of rocket strike of Russian invaders in Lviv increased
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/kilkist-zagyblyh-unaslidok-raketnogo-udaru-rosijskyh-okupantiv-po-lvovu-zrosla/
Shahaneda Night attack on Ukraine: Air defense forces destroyed 12 out of 18 shock drones
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/nichna-ataka-shahediv-na-ukrayinu-syly-ppo-znyshhyly-12-z-18-udarnyh-droniv/
At Shakhtarsk Directive Russian Army Sheled Novomikhailivka, Elizabethka, Bokhoynalenka, in ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5305
The Minister of Armed Forces called Ukrainians "unbreakable force"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733234-ministr-zs-britanii-nazvav-ukrainciv-nezlamnou-silou.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Novodarivka, Levadne, Malynivka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5306
Found mechanism of compensation for Russia caused by Russia -
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733311-znajdenij-mehanizm-kompensacii-za-zavdani-rosieu-zbitki-maluska.html
Prime Minister of the Netherlands has submitted a resignation request due to the collapse of the ruling coalition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733101-premer-niderlandiv-podav-prohanna-pro-vidstavku-cerez-rozpad-pravlacoi-koalicii.html
Melitopol Mayor announced a brother -in -law with the city in the US
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733314-mer-melitopola-anonsuvav-pobratimsku-ugodu-iz-mistom-u-ssa.html
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Shele Kolodyazhn, Novomolinsk, Dvorichny, West, Masuti ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5300
Chubarov is satisfied with hysterics among Crimean collaborators
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3733313-cubarov-zadovolenij-isterikou-sered-krimskih-kolaborantiv.html
Yarmolenko scored the first goal for Dynamo after returning
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733310-armolenko-zabiv-persij-gol-za-dinamo-pisla-povernenna.html
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasyukivka, Bogdanivka, Ivanivske, Kisschivka, Ole ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5302
Peskov called the return of Azov fighters from Turkey "violation of arrangements" - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733312-povernenna-zahisnikiv-azovstali-peskov-zvinuvativ-ukrainu-j-tureccinu-v-porusenni-domovlenostej.html
Germany reacted restrained to the US decision to hand over cassette ammunition to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733309-nimeccina-strimano-vidreaguvala-na-risenna-ssa-peredati-ukraini-kasetni-boepripasi.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Ceramics, Zhalane, Avdiivka, Severne, Karlovka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5303
Tsurenko: Some draws, unfortunately, were not very high quality because of what was erected the whole body
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733304-curenko-deaki-rozigrasi-na-zal-buli-ne-duze-akisnimi-same-cerez-te-so-zvodilo-vse-tilo.html
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Krasnohorivka, Maryinka and Pobyeda of Donetsk reg...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5304
1 person wounded as result of Russian drone attack in Kryvyi Rih overnight
https://t.me/info_zp/40400
Russian Defense Minister Shoigu checked the combat training of servicemen at the training gro...
https://t.me/rusbrief/134386
1 person wounded as Russian artillery shelled Vovchansk
https://twitter.com/UKRINFORM/status/1677571277341507584
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Popivka of Chernihiv regi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5299
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Vesele, Roz...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5301
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5307
Shelling reported in Lyman
https://twitter.com/krasniyliman/status/1677575216795353089
8 person killed, 13 wounded as result of Russian shelling in Lyman
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/56011
Kostyuk completed the performances on Wimbledon in a single discharge
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733315-kostuk-zaversila-vistupi-na-vimbldoni-v-odinocnomu-rozradi.html
In Kherson, the Mural Festival of Bombovsa "From Constitution to Independence" has started
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3733098-u-hersoni-startuvav-festival-muraliv-na-bomboshovisah-vid-konstitucii-do-nezaleznosti.html
The Ministry of Youth will coordinate with the European Commission rebuilding youth and sports industries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733099-minmolodsport-koordinuvatime-z-evrokomisieu-vidbudovu-molodiznoi-i-sportivnoi-galuzej.html
Medals of the XVII European Youth Olympic Festival is presented
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733103-prezentovano-medali-litnogo-evropejskogo-unackogo-olimpijskogo-festivalu.html
In Zaporozhye, water level fell over 2.6 meters below normal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733106-u-zaporizzi-riven-vodi-vpav-na-ponad-26-metra-nizce-normi.html
Ellen urged China to increase the support of international efforts in combating climate change
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733105-ellen-zaklikala-kitaj-zbilsiti-pidtrimku-miznarodnih-zusil-u-borotbi-zi-zminami-klimatu.html
The water level in the ZPEP's fee remains stable-Energoatom
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3733109-riven-vodi-u-stavkuoholodzuvaci-zaes-zalisaetsa-stabilnim-energoatom.html
500 days of the Great War: What Crimes the Russia left behind
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733110-500-dniv-velikoi-vijni-aki-zlocini-zalisila-po-sobi-rosia.html
Russians deliver to the ZPP Mines and Explosives - Intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733112-rosiani-dostavlaut-na-zaes-mini-ta-vibuhovi-recovini-rozvidka.html
Athletes from Russia and Belarus will be allowed to take part in the Asian Games - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733307-sportsmenam-z-rosii-ta-bilorusi-dozvolat-vzati-ucast-v-azijskih-igrah-zmi.html
Zelensky assigned the title of Hero of Ukraine to 49 defenders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733113-zelenskij-prisvoiv-zvanna-geroa-ukraini-49-zahisnikam.html
In Donetsk, a roof on the TPPs - one dead, three injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733122-na-doneccini-obvalivsa-dah-na-tes-odin-zagiblij-troe-travmovanih.html
Through Melitopol, the invaders threw up military equipment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733114-cerez-melitopol-zagarbniki-perekidaut-vijskovu-tehniku.html
Edgar Rinkevich entered the post of President of Latvia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733118-edgars-rinkevics-vstupiv-na-posadu-prezidenta-latvii.html
Reznikov called five principles of Ukraine on the use of cassette ammunition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733120-reznikov-nazvav-pat-principiv-ukraini-sodo-zastosuvanna-kasetnih-boepripasiv.html
Ukrainian athletes won two "gold" at the tournament in France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733121-ukrainski-legkoatletki-vigrali-dva-zolota-na-turniri-u-francii.html
The enemy fired the estuary - six dead and five wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733127-vorog-obstrilav-liman-sestero-zagiblih-i-patero-poranenih.html
Danilov: Ukraine for 500 days became closer to victory
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733129-danilov-ukraina-na-500-dniv-stala-blizce-do-peremogi.html
The composition of the national team of Ukraine at the XVII Summer Eyoff-2023 was approved
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733130-zatverdzeno-sklad-zbirnoi-ukraini-na-xvii-litnij-euof2023.html
Russia holds five ships in the Black Sea, there is no rocket carrier
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733131-rosia-trimae-u-cornomu-mori-pat-korabliv-raketonosiiv-nemae.html
414 farms have been flooded in the Carpathian region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733132-na-prikarpatti-dosi-pidtopleni-414-dvorogospodarstv.html
U20 Basketball players will play for leadership in euro group with Sweden
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733139-basketbolisti-ukraini-u20-zigraut-za-liderstvo-u-grupi-evro-zi-svecieu.html
There are 12 terminals along the Ukrainian Danube to increase port capacity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3733142-uzdovz-ukrainskogo-dunau-buduut-12-terminaliv-dla-zbilsenna-potuznosti-portiv.html
The Ministry of Defense named 10 unique facts of the liberation war of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733147-u-minoboroni-nazvali-10-unikalnih-faktiv-vizvolnoi-vijni-ukraini.html
In Ukraine celebrate the Family Day - Lubinets congratulated on the holiday
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733149-v-ukraini-vidznacaut-den-rodini-lubinec-privitav-zi-svatom.html
In Istanbul, Zelensky took part in a funeral prayer for the victims of the war in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733153-u-stambuli-zelenskij-vzav-ucast-u-pominalnomu-molebni-za-zertvami-vijni-v-ukraini.html
As a result of Russian aggression in the capital, about 800 houses were destroyed - Klitschko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3733151-unaslidok-rosijskoi-agresii-u-stolici-zaznali-rujnuvan-blizko-800-budinkiv-klicko.html
UEFA has identified the best player of youth Euro 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733332-uefa-viznaciv-najkrasogo-futbolista-molodiznogo-evro2023.html
Known matches between Dnipro-1 and Panatinaikos in the selection
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733152-vidomi-arbitri-matciv-miz-dniprom1-ta-panatinaikosom-u-vidbori-lc-uefa.html
Markarova emphasized the importance of providing Ukraine with cassette ammunition to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733158-markarova-nagolosila-na-vazlivosti-nadanna-ukraini-kasetnih-boepripasiv.html
Brinka appealed to Ukrainians on the 500th day of Russia's invasion: I know Ukraine will win
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733159-brink-zvernulasa-do-ukrainciv-na-500j-den-vtorgnenna-rosii-znau-ukraina-peremoze.html
For Metalist-1925 will play an exilard of Chernomorets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733161-za-metalist1925-gratime-eksforvard-cornomorca.html
Ambassadors of the G7 countries expressed support for Ukraine on the 500th day of the full-scale invasion of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733162-posli-krain-g7-vislovili-pidtrimku-ukraini-u-500j-den-povnomasstabnogo-vtorgnenna-rf.html
In Ukraine, as a result of bad weather, more than 300 settlements have been deprived
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3733163-v-ukraini-vnaslidok-negodi-znestrumleni-ponad-300-naselenih-punktiv.html
Under the rubble of TPPs in Donetsk can be two people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733164-pid-zavalami-tes-na-doneccini-mozut-perebuvati-dvoe-ludej.html
In Vinnitsa, the driver of the monocosse was injured by a 5-year-old child
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733168-u-vinnici-vodij-monokolesa-travmuvav-5ricnu-ditinu.html
Zelensky met with the Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew - discussed the formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733177-zelenskij-zustrivsa-iz-vselenskim-patriarhom-varfolomiem-obgovorili-formuli-miru.html
23 people were injured in Cherkasy region as a result of an accident with a bus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733171-na-cerkasini-23-ludini-postrazdali-vnaslidok-dtp-z-avtobusom.html
The Cabinet of Ministers distributed 23.7 billion to rebuilding, but the development of the funds is slow - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3733174-kabmin-rozpodiliv-237-milarda-na-vidbudovu-ale-osvoenna-kostiv-povilne-smigal.html
Pavlyuk: If Putin becomes madly going to Kiev, we will move several thousand more invaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3733172-pavluk-akso-putinu-stane-bezumstva-piti-na-kiiv-peremelemo-se-kilka-tisac-zagarbnikiv.html
The historical project "Luhansk in the flames of a full -scale war" starts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733176-startue-istoricnij-proekt-lugansina-u-polumi-povnomasstabnoi-vijni.html
In Chernihiv, transport reform is being introduced
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733178-u-cernigovi-zaprovadzuut-transportnu-reformu.html
Zorya FC has announced the transition to the team of first newcomers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733180-fk-zora-ogolosiv-pro-perehid-do-komandi-persih-novackiv.html
Air Force showed a "greeting airbom" on the occasion of Zaluzhny's anniversary
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733179-povitrani-sili-pokazali-vitalnu-aviabombu-z-nagodi-uvileu-zaluznogo.html
Azov Commander: We will definitely say our word in battle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733334-komandir-azova-mi-obovazkovo-skazemo-svoe-slovo-v-bou.html
In Liman, the number of shelling victims increased to seven
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733189-u-limani-kilkist-zertv-obstrilu-zrosla-do-vosmi.html
The Ecumenical Patriarch wished to return home to Ukrainian prisoners and children as soon as possible
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733191-vselenskij-patriarh-pobazav-aknajsvidsogo-povernenna-dodomu-ukrainskih-polonenih-i-ditej.html
Sandu - on the 500th day of a full -scale war in Ukraine: thanks to the courage of the Armed Forces in Moldova Peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733195-sandu-u-500j-den-povnomasstabnoi-vijni-v-ukraini-zavdaki-muznosti-zsu-u-moldovi-mir.html
Zelensky discussed with Portugal Prime Minister Preparing for NATO Summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733196-zelenskij-obgovoriv-z-premerom-portugalii-pidgotovku-do-samitu-nato.html
UEFA and Konmebol announced a call cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733200-uefa-ta-konmebol-anonsuvali-kubok-vikliku.html
The task of protecting the sky of Kiev from Russian rockets is almost solved - Rennikov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733203-zavdanna-iz-zahistu-neba-kieva-vid-rosijskih-raket-majze-virisene-reznikov.html
In Lviv say goodbye to three dead as a result of rocket fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733201-u-lvovi-prosautsa-z-troma-zagiblimi-vnaslidok-raketnogo-obstrilu.html
Ukraine and Azerbaijan agreed to quota permits for international freight transportation for 2024
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3733205-ukraina-ta-azerbajdzan-pogodili-kvotu-dozvoliv-na-miznarodni-vantazni-perevezenna-na-2024-rik.html
Portugal supports Ukraine's membership in NATO when the conditions will be appropriate
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733208-portugalia-pidtrimue-clenstvo-ukraini-v-nato-koli-budut-vidpovidni-umovi.html
In 500 days of struggle, Ukraine proved that it is worthy of support for weapons and integration in the EU and NATO - Kuleba
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733175-za-500-dniv-borotbi-ukraina-dovela-so-gidna-pidtrimki-zbroeu-ta-integracii-v-es-i-nato-kuleba.html
Yermak greeted Zaluzhny on the anniversary
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733211-ermak-privitav-zaluznogo-z-uvileem.html
In Poltava region 23 settlements have been deactivated, 28 in Odessa region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733212-na-poltavsini-znestrumleni-23-naseleni-punkti-na-odesini-28.html
The 17-year-old Ukrainian swimmer won gold and silver junior euro
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733215-17ricnij-ukrainskij-plavec-zdobuv-zoloto-ta-sriblo-uniorskogo-evro.html
Zelensky had a conversation with Rutte - talked about a study mission for Ukrainian pilots
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733216-zelenskij-proviv-rozmovu-z-rutte-govorili-pro-navcalnu-misiu-dla-ukrainskih-pilotiv.html
Berified 271 hostile to the objects of Ukrainian energy - Galushchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3733217-verifikovane-271-voroze-vlucanna-v-obekti-ukrainskoi-energetiki-galusenko.html
Poland sends an additional military contingent to the border with Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733219-polsa-napravlae-dodatkovij-vijskovij-kontingent-na-kordon-iz-bilorussu.html
The Russian Federation is obliged to immediately stop political persecution in the Crimea - Lubinets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3733220-rf-zobovazana-negajno-pripiniti-politicni-peresliduvanna-u-krimu-lubinec.html
International negotiations and heroes' return: Zelensky summed up a busy day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733335-miznarodni-peremovini-ta-povernenna-geroiv-zelenskij-pidbiv-pidsumki-nasicenogo-dna.html
Liman's shelling: Seven people were killed, two wounded in serious condition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733221-unaslidok-obstrilu-limana-zaginuli-semero-ludej-sered-poranenih-dvoe-u-tazkomu-stani.html
In Iran, Smart Terrorists attacked a police station, six dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733225-v-irani-teroristismertniki-napali-na-policejskij-viddilok-sestero-zagiblih.html
Zaluzhny - 50: As in the social network greeting General
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733213-zaluznomu-50-ak-u-socmerezi-vitaut-generala.html
SpaceX launched 48 Starlink satellites
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3733227-spacex-vivela-na-orbitu-48-suputnikiv-starlink.html
The UN confirmed the death of 9177 civilians in Ukraine since the beginning of the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733229-oon-pidtverdila-zagibel-9177-civilnih-v-ukraini-vid-pocatku-vijni.html
Ukraine will not participate in personal fencing World Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733230-ukraina-ne-bratime-ucast-v-osobistih-zmagannah-na-cs-z-fehtuvanna.html
In Odessa, a businessman was suspected of trying to bribe SBU staff
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733232-na-odesini-biznesmenu-ogolosili-pidozru-za-namaganna-pidkupiti-spivrobitnikiv-sbu.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
Dozens of residents of Melitopol are in Russian pre -trial detention center - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733235-desatki-meskanciv-melitopola-znahodatsa-v-rosijskih-sizo-fedorov.html
Britain and Spain opposed the use of cassette ammunition in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733238-britania-ta-ispania-vistupili-proti-vikoristanna-kasetnih-boepripasiv-ukrainou.html
Zelensky returns from Turkey to Ukraine with Azovstal defenders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733242-zelenskij-povertaetsa-z-tureccini-do-ukraini-iz-zahisnikami-azovstali.html
Nikopol region has restored water supply for over 1800 people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3733244-na-nikopolsini-vidnovili-vodopostacanna-dla-ponad-1800-ludej.html
The IMF will study the law on return to the pre -war tax system - Stepanan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3733239-mvf-vivcit-zakon-pro-povernenna-na-dovoennu-sistemu-opodatkuvanna-stepanan.html
The MKIP named the number of cultural monuments destroyed and damaged by the Russian army
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3733248-u-mkip-nazvali-kilkist-zrujnovanih-ta-poskodzenih-armieu-rf-kulturnih-pamatok.html
In India, three suspected rail crashes were arrested
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733254-v-indii-zaarestuvali-troh-pidozruvanih-u-spravi-pro-avariu-na-zaliznici.html
Berinchik will fight in the undercart of duel Usik - Duba
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733256-berincik-bitimetsa-v-anderkarti-poedinku-usik-dubua.html
The defeat of Russia at the front will finally endure the war into its inner space - OP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733265-porazki-rosii-na-fronti-ostatocno-perenesut-vijnu-u-ii-vnutrisnij-prostir-op.html
Project "side by side": the regions of Ukraine united to rebuild Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3733272-proekt-plicoplic-regioni-ukraini-obednalisa-sob-vidbuduvati-hersonsinu.html
Portugal became 23 countries that supported Ukraine's membership in NATO - OP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733266-portugalia-stala-23-krainou-aka-pidtrimala-clenstvo-ukraini-v-nato-op.html
Spaniard de Hea has announced his departure from Manchester United "
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733274-ispanec-de-hea-ogolosiv-pro-svij-vidhid-z-mancester-unajted.html
The Ukrainian installation of Sensitive Content works in Berlin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3733278-u-berlini-pracue-ukrainska-instalacia-sensitive-content.html
Ukrainian children joined the celebration of Ivan Kupala in Tbilisi
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3733279-ukrainski-diti-dolucilisa-do-svatkuvanna-ivana-kupala-u-tbilisi.html
France prevents NATO's office opening in Japan - Politico
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733282-francia-pereskodzae-vidkrittu-ofisu-nato-v-aponii-politico.html
Ukraine returned five Azovstal defenders as a result of negotiations with Turkey
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733284-ukraina-povernula-patoh-zahisnikiv-azovstali-za-rezultatami-peregovoriv-iz-tureccinou.html
The Russian rocket manufacturer's family lives in Prague - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733287-rodina-rosijskogo-virobnika-raket-zive-v-prazi-zmi.html
Ferstapppen - winner of the Grand Prix qualification of the United Kingdom
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733289-ferstappen-peremozec-kvalifikacii-granpri-velikoi-britanii.html
The enemy focused on four directions - a day over 25 combat clashes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733292-armia-rf-zoseredila-zusilla-na-cotiroh-napramkah-za-dobu-ponad-25-bojovih-zitknen.html
The Russians fired at Nikopol region from heavy artillery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733297-vorog-obstrilav-nikopolsinu-z-vazkoi-artilerii.html
In Kharkiv there was a race within the project "Active Parks - Locations of Healthy Ukraine"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733316-u-harkovi-projsov-zabig-v-mezah-proektu-aktivni-parki-lokacii-zdorovoi-ukraini.html
The last unit of the ZPP remains in a state of "hot stop" - intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733302-ostannij-energoblok-zaes-zalisaetsa-u-stani-garacogo-zupinu-rozvidka.html
Tsurenko: Some draws, unfortunately, were not very high quality because of what was erected the whole body
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733304-curenko-deaki-rozigrasi-na-zal-buli-ne-duze-akisnimi-same-cerez-te-so-zvodilo-vse-tilo.html
Germany reacted restrained to the US decision to hand over cassette ammunition to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733309-nimeccina-strimano-vidreaguvala-na-risenna-ssa-peredati-ukraini-kasetni-boepripasi.html
Peskov called the return of Azov fighters from Turkey "violation of arrangements" - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733312-povernenna-zahisnikiv-azovstali-peskov-zvinuvativ-ukrainu-j-tureccinu-v-porusenni-domovlenostej.html
Yarmolenko scored the first goal for Dynamo after returning
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733310-armolenko-zabiv-persij-gol-za-dinamo-pisla-povernenna.html
Chubarov is satisfied with hysterics among Crimean collaborators
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3733313-cubarov-zadovolenij-isterikou-sered-krimskih-kolaborantiv.html
Melitopol Mayor announced a brother -in -law with the city in the US
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733314-mer-melitopola-anonsuvav-pobratimsku-ugodu-iz-mistom-u-ssa.html
Found mechanism of compensation for Russia caused by Russia -
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733311-znajdenij-mehanizm-kompensacii-za-zavdani-rosieu-zbitki-maluska.html
Kostyuk completed the performances on Wimbledon in a single discharge
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733315-kostuk-zaversila-vistupi-na-vimbldoni-v-odinocnomu-rozradi.html
In Kharkiv there was a race within the project "Active Parks - Locations of Healthy Ukraine"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733316-u-harkovi-projsov-zabig-v-mezah-proektu-aktivni-parki-lokacii-zdorovoi-ukraini.html
England's national team is the winner of the youth Euro football
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733318-zbirna-anglii-peremozec-molodiznogo-evro-z-futbolu.html
Legion "Freedom of Russia" plans new raids on the territory of the Russian Federation - The Observer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733319-legion-svoboda-rosii-planue-novi-rejdi-na-teritoriu-rf-zmi.html
Zelensky: On the 500th day of the war we returned home our heroes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733322-na-500j-den-vijni-mi-povernuli-dodomu-nasih-geroiv-zelenskij.html
History with the transfer of cassette ammunition to Ukraine is reminiscent of the situation with howitzers M777 - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733321-istoria-z-peredaceu-ukraini-kasetnih-boepripasiv-nagadue-situaciu-z-gaubicami-m777-ekspert.html
President appointed Alexei Pivnenko Commander of the National Guard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733326-prezident-priznaciv-oleksia-pivnenka-komanduvacem-nacgvardii.html
The enemy fired at six communities of Sumy region, a total of 54 explosions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733324-vorog-obstriliv-sist-gromad-sumsini-zagalom-54-vibuhi.html
Molchanov won the PPR tournament in Italy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733329-molcanov-zdobuv-peremogu-na-parnomu-turniri-atr-v-italii.html
Athletes from Russia and Belarus will be allowed to take part in the Asian Games - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733307-sportsmenam-z-rosii-ta-bilorusi-dozvolat-vzati-ucast-v-azijskih-igrah-zmi.html
UEFA has identified the best player of youth Euro 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733332-uefa-viznaciv-najkrasogo-futbolista-molodiznogo-evro2023.html
Azov Commander: We will definitely say our word in battle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733334-komandir-azova-mi-obovazkovo-skazemo-svoe-slovo-v-bou.html
International negotiations and heroes' return: Zelensky summed up a busy day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733335-miznarodni-peremovini-ta-povernenna-geroiv-zelenskij-pidbiv-pidsumki-nasicenogo-dna.html
Selling Medicines Rosarmia: Pharmacological company was exposed in Zhytomyr region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/prodavala-medykamenty-rosarmiyi-vykryto-farmakologichnu-kompaniyu-na-zhytomyrshhyni/
There was a joint training of the Lithuanian-Polish forces of special operations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/vidbulosya-spilne-navchannya-lytovsko-polskyh-syl-speczialnyh-operaczij/
England's national team is the winner of the youth Euro football
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733318-zbirna-anglii-peremozec-molodiznogo-evro-z-futbolu.html
Ukraine is making efforts to draw the world's attention to the problems of keeping in the captivity
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/ukrayina-dokladaye-zusyl-shhoby-zvernuty-uvagu-svitu-na-problemy-nezakonnogo-utrymannya-u-poloni-rf-czyvilnyh-ta-nekombatantiv-koordshtab/
In Kiev, a single number for all emergencies has been launched
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/u-kyyevi-zapraczyuvav-yedynyj-nomer-dlya-vsih-nadzvychajnyh-sytuaczij/
The victims of Kakhovskaya Hydroe Hephew began to receive assistance from the state
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/postrazhdali-vid-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-pochaly-otrymuvaty-dopomogu-vid-derzhavy/
During the large -scale war, 9,000 civilians were killed in Ukraine, including 500 children - the UN
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/za-chas-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-vijny-v-ukrayini-zagynulo-9-tysyach-czyvilnyh-zokrema-500-ditej-oon/
British Foreign Minister warned Russia from provocations at the Zaporozhye NPP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/glava-mzs-brytaniyi-zasterig-rosiyu-vid-provokaczij-na-zaporizkij-aes/
Legion "Freedom of Russia" plans new raids on the territory of the Russian Federation - The Observer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733319-legion-svoboda-rosii-planue-novi-rejdi-na-teritoriu-rf-zmi.html
Our aviation destroyed 4 SPRs and 1 enemy management point
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/nasha-aviacziya-znyshhyla-4-zrk-ta-1-punkt-upravlinnya-voroga/
36 combat clashes - General Staff took place in the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/za-mynulu-dobu-vidbulos-36-bojovyh-zitknen-genshtab/
500 days of the Great Liberation War
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/500-dniv-velykoyi-vyzvolnoyi-vijny/
630 liquidated occupiers and 71 units of destroyed enemy weapons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/630-likvidovanyh-okupantiv-ta-71-odynyczya-znyshhenogo-vorozhogo-ozbroyennya/
In the General Staff reported the number of beaten enemy drones over the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/u-genshtabi-povidomyly-pro-kilkist-zbytyh-vorozhyh-droniv-za-mynulu-dobu/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-2/
Zaluzhny has been muting twice for 50 years (and 500 days): Honor of the Armed Forces Commissariator
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/zaluzhnyj-mutyt-dvizh-uzhe-50-rokiv-i-500-dniv-vidznaky-golovnokomanduvacha-zsu/
Air defense forces at night is shot down 5 Shahd-136/131
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/sylamy-ppo-vnochi-zbyto-5-shahed-136-131/
Ukraine and Turkey are working to return Ukrainians from Russian captivity - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/ukrayina-j-turechchyna-praczyuyut-nad-tym-shhob-povernuty-ukrayincziv-iz-rosijskogo-polonu-prezydent/
The President has given the title Hero of Ukraine 49 to defenders, 46 of them - posthumously
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/prezydent-ukrayiny-prysvoyiv-zvannya-geroj-ukrayiny-49-zahysnykam-46-z-nyh-posmertno/
Zelensky: On the 500th day of the war we returned home our heroes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733322-na-500j-den-vijni-mi-povernuli-dodomu-nasih-geroiv-zelenskij.html
Cassette ammunition will help to cause as much casualties to Russian invaders - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/vyzvolna-zbroya-potribno-yakomoga-bilshe-vtrat-rosiyan-oleksij-reznikov-pro-kasetni-boyeprypasy/
In 500 days of large -scale invasion, the Russians killed almost 500 children in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/za-500-dniv-shyrokomasshtabnogo-vtorgnennya-rosiyany-vbyly-v-ukrayini-majzhe-500-ditej/
The clergy should become a driving force in the reconstruction of the released territories.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/duhovenstvo-maye-staty-rushijnoyu-syloyu-u-vidbudovi-zvilnenyh-terytorij-minreintegracziyi/
Pyrotechnics of the SESS per day neutralized 663 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/pirotehniky-dsns-za-dobu-zneshkodyly-663-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
The LNR participant was sentenced to 10 years behind bars - he sought Ukrainian positions in the Bakhmut district
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/uchasnyka-lnr-zasudzheno-do-10-rokiv-za-gratamy-vyshukuvav-ukrayinski-pozycziyi-v-bahmutskomu-rajoni/
In Istanbul, the President took part in a funeral prayer service for the victims of the war in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/u-stambuli-prezydent-uzyav-uchast-u-pomynalnomu-molebni-za-zhertvamy-vijny-v-ukrayini/
Austria and Switzerland joined the European Initiative to Protect the Sky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/avstriya-ta-shvejczariya-pryyednalysya-do-yevropejskoyi-inicziatyvy-zahystu-neba/
We do not exclude any opportunity - Alexander Pavlyuk about the likelihood of recurrence on the capital of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/my-ne-vyklyuchayemo-zhodnoyi-mozhlyvosti-oleksandr-pavlyuk-pro-jmovirnist-povtornogo-nastupu-na-stolyczyu-ukrayiny/
66% of NATO Member States are negative about Russia - a survey
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/66-gromadyan-gromadyan-derzhav-chleniv-nato-negatyvno-stavlyatsya-do-rosiyi-opytuvannya/
History with the transfer of cassette ammunition to Ukraine is reminiscent of the situation with howitzers M777 - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733321-istoria-z-peredaceu-ukraini-kasetnih-boepripasiv-nagadue-situaciu-z-gaubicami-m777-ekspert.html
The enemy continues to mine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/vorog-prodovzhuye-minuvannya-zaes/
In the northern direction of signs of formation of offensive groups of the enemy was not detected
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/na-pivnichnomu-napryamku-oznak-formuvannya-nastupalnyh-ugrupovan-protyvnyka-ne-vyyavleno/
The President of Ukraine met with the Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew, discussed the realization of the formula of peace
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/zustrich-iz-vselenskym-patriarhom-varfolomiyem-obgovoryly-realizacziyu-formuly-myru-ta-povernennya-ditej-yaki-buly-deportovani-okupantamy/
Glory to everyone and everyone who is fighting for safety - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/500-dniv-povnomasshtabnoyi-vijny/
Six enemy warehouses of BC and almost a hundred invaders were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/shist-vorozhyh-skladiv-bk-ta-majzhe-sotnyu-okupantiv-znyshhyly-nashi-zahysnyky-na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-valerij-shershen/
Ahead of victory - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/poperedu-peremoga-ganna-malyar/
Volodymyr Zelensky and Prime Minister of Portugal have approved a joint declaration
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/volodymyr-zelenskyj-ta-premyer-ministr-portugaliyi-uhvalyly-spilnu-deklaracziyu/
Large -scale and very needed: President of Ukraine thanked the US for a new package
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/masshtabnyj-i-duzhe-potribnyj-prezydent-ukrayiny-podyakuvav-ssha-za-novyj-paket-dopomogy/
For 6 months the Ministry of Defense has provided a decrease in overdue receivables by UAH 24.7 billion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/za-6-misyacziv-minoborony-zabezpechylo-znyzhennya-prostrochenoyi-debitorskoyi-zaborgovanosti-na-247-mlrd-grn/
Defense forces of Ukraine: Army of fearless phenomena and unprecedented paradoxes - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/syly-oborony-ukrayiny-armiya-bezstrashnyh-fenomeniv-ta-bezpreczedentnyh-paradoksiv-ganna-malyar/
President appointed Alexei Pivnenko Commander of the National Guard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733326-prezident-priznaciv-oleksia-pivnenka-komanduvacem-nacgvardii.html
We will be near Ukraine as much as needed - Ursula von der Lyen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/my-budemo-poruch-z-ukrayinoyu-stilky-skilky-bude-potribno-ursula-fon-der-lyayen/
Ukraine will win because it is true - Denis Shmigal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/ukrayina-peremozhe-bo-za-neyu-pravda-denys-shmygal-u-500-j-den-shyrokomasshtabnogo-vtorgnennya/
Russian troops are preparing for possible fighting in the Crimea - Military Media Center
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/rosijski-vijska-gotuyutsya-do-mozhlyvyh-bojovyh-dij-na-terytoriyi-krymu-dovidka-military-media-center/
In the Black Sea on a battle duty five enemy ships
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/u-chornomu-mori-na-bojovomu-cherguvanni-5-vorozhyh-korabliv/
SES units per day made 216 trips to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/pidrozdily-dsns-za-dobu-zdijsnyly-216-vyyizdiv-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv/
The task of protecting the sky over Kiev from Russian missiles is almost solved - Minister of Defense of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/zavdannya-iz-zahystu-neba-kyyeva-vid-rosijskyh-raket-majzhe-vyrishene-ministr-oborony-ukrayiny/
The enemy concentrates basic efforts in four directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/vorog-zoseredzhuye-osnovni-zusyllya-na-chotyroh-napryamkah/
Germany handed Ukraine another batch of assistance for the front
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/nimechchyna-peredala-ukrayini-chergovu-partiyu-dopomogy-dlya-frontu-2/
Our aviation per day has made 7 beats in hostile positions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/nasha-aviacziya-za-dobu-zavdala-7-udariv-po-vorozhyh-pozycziyah/
From Turkey, the commanders of the defenders of Mariupol - Volodymyr Zelenskyy return home
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/z-turechchyny-dodomu-povertayutsya-komandyry-zahysnykiv-mariupolya-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
The enemy fired at six communities of Sumy region, a total of 54 explosions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733324-vorog-obstriliv-sist-gromad-sumsini-zagalom-54-vibuhi.html
Since the beginning of the war, the Russian army has committed almost 85 thousand criminal offenses in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnogo-vtorgnennya-armiya-rf-vchynyla-v-ukrayini-majzhe-85-tysyach-kryminalnyh-zlochyniv/
500 days of full -scale war. And a day of weakness - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/dyakuyu-vsim-hto-b%ca%bcyetsya-zarady-svobody-ta-nezalezhnosti-ukrayiny-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Destanders showed how combat coordination is underway
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/voyiny-desantnyky-pokazaly-yak-prohodyat-bojove-zlagodzhennya/
Ukrainian soldiers continue the offensive in the direction of Melitopol and Berdyansk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/ukrayinski-voyiny-prodovzhuyut-nastupalnu-operacziyu-v-napryamku-melitopolya-ta-berdyanska/
Pseudopatrolny was detained that passed the enemy information about the situation in Kharkiv
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/zatrymano-psevdopatrulnogo-yakyj-peredavav-vorogu-informacziyu-pro-obstanovku-u-harkovi/
The occupiers plan to pick up the dwelling of the residents of Energodar to encourage Russians to work for the ZPP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/okupanty-planuyut-zabyraty-zhytlo-zhyteliv-energodaru-shhob-zaohotyty-rosiyan-praczyuvaty-na-zaes/
Spain's Defense Minister visited the field hospital that will be handed over to the Ukrainian Defense Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/ministr-oborony-ispaniyi-margaryta-robles-vidvidala-polovyj-shpytal-yakyj-ispaniya-peredast-ukrayinskym-prykordonnykam/
As they sent the meat so they are seated meat - Gur intercepting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/yak-vony-vidpravlyaly-myaso-tak-vony-myaso-prystrilochne-vidpravlyayut-gur-perehoplennya/
Short. War. Day 500. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/korotko-vijna-den-500-videodajdzhest/
Russians are already getting used to being not the second army of the world - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/rosiyany-vzhe-zvykayut-shho-vony-ne-druga-armiya-svitu-oleksij-reznikov/
Molchanov won the PPR tournament in Italy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733329-molcanov-zdobuv-peremogu-na-parnomu-turniri-atr-v-italii.html
The Grand Prix Festival in Karlovy Varakh won the Bulgarian-German ribbon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3733341-granpri-kinofestivalu-v-karlovih-varah-zdobula-bolgarskonimecka-stricka.html
Back to Ukraine the heroes of Azovstali helped the Czech Air Force - FIALIry Prime Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733340-povernutisa-do-ukraini-geroam-azovstali-dopomig-litak-vps-cehii-premer-fiala.html
Canada is set to put an end to using cassette ammunition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733333-kanada-nalastovana-poklasti-kraj-zastosuvannu-kasetnih-boepripasiv.html
Zelensky took part in a prayer for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733338-zelenskij-uzav-ucast-u-molebni-za-ukrainu.html
In 500 days of war, the title of Hero of Ukraine was awarded 298 defenders and defenders - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733336-za-500-dniv-vijni-zvannam-geroa-ukraini-vidznaceni-298-zahisnikiv-i-zahisnic-prezident.html
In Ukraine mainly without precipitation, in the afternoon up to 27 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733207-v-ukraini-perevazno-bez-opadiv-vden-do-27.html
In Ukraine mainly without precipitation, in the afternoon up to 27 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733207-v-ukraini-perevazno-bez-opadiv-vden-do-27.html
In 500 days of war, the title of Hero of Ukraine was awarded 298 defenders and defenders - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733336-za-500-dniv-vijni-zvannam-geroa-ukraini-vidznaceni-298-zahisnikiv-i-zahisnic-prezident.html
Zelensky took part in a prayer for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733338-zelenskij-uzav-ucast-u-molebni-za-ukrainu.html
Canada is set to put an end to using cassette ammunition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733333-kanada-nalastovana-poklasti-kraj-zastosuvannu-kasetnih-boepripasiv.html
Back to Ukraine the heroes of Azovstali helped the Czech Air Force - FIALIry Prime Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733340-povernutisa-do-ukraini-geroam-azovstali-dopomig-litak-vps-cehii-premer-fiala.html
The Grand Prix Festival in Karlovy Varakh won the Bulgarian-German ribbon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3733341-granpri-kinofestivalu-v-karlovih-varah-zdobula-bolgarskonimecka-stricka.html
The German Bundestag approved the purchase of ammunition for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733342-nimeckij-bundestag-shvaliv-zakupivlu-boepripasiv-dla-ukraini.html
The city in Sudan was affected by the Air Force, 22 dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733339-misto-v-sudani-zaznalo-aviaudaru-22-zagiblih.html
In the center of Paris, law enforcement officers dispersed the March Against Police Violence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733323-u-centri-pariza-pravoohoronci-rozignali-mars-proti-policejskogo-nasilstva.html
The German Bundestag approved the purchase of ammunition for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733342-nimeckij-bundestag-shvaliv-zakupivlu-boepripasiv-dla-ukraini.html
The city in Sudan was affected by the Air Force, 22 dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733339-misto-v-sudani-zaznalo-aviaudaru-22-zagiblih.html
The army of the Russian Federation is firing on Ukraine daily, and the citizens of Israel have to be aware of it, arriving at the celebration of Rosh Ha-Shan
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/armiya-rf-shhodenno-obstrilyuye-ukrayinu-i-gromadyany-izrayilyu-mayut-cze-usvidomlyuvaty-prybuvayuchy-na-svyatkuvannya-rosh-ga-shana/
The head of state reported the appointment of Hero of Ukraine Colonel Alexander Pivnenko by the Commander of the National Guard
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/glava-derzhavy-povidomyv-pro-pryznachennya-geroya-ukrayiny-polkovnyka-oleksandra-pivnenka-komanduvachem-naczionalnoyi-gvardiyi/
The project of the European Union for a million 155 mm shells is already completely on the march-Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/proyekt-yevropejskogo-soyuzu-na-miljon-155-mm-snaryadiv-vzhe-povnistyu-na-marshi-oleksij-reznikov/
In 500 days of full -scale war, 298 Ukrainians and Ukrainians were awarded the highest title of Hero of Ukraine - President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/za-500-dniv-povnomasshtabnoyi-vijny-298-ukrayinczyam-i-ukrayinkam-prysvoyeno-najvyshhe-zvannya-geroya-ukrayiny-prezydent/
The Government has approved the procedure for establishing the fact of direct participation of civilians in the protection of Ukraine for granting appropriate statuses
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/za-inicziatyvy-minveteraniv-uryad-zatverdyv-poryadok-vstanovlennya-faktu-bezposerednoyi-uchasti-czyvilnyh-osib-u-zahysti-ukrayiny-dlya-nadannya-vidpovidnyh-statusiv/
The call should be canceled, and the former "military commodity" should become CNAP - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/pryzov-maye-buty-skasovano-a-kolyshni-voyenkomaty-mayut-staty-cznapamy-oleksij-reznikov/
Russia for a long time does not stop attempting to appropriation of Ukrainian culture that in no way belongs to it
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/rosiya-protyagom-dovgogo-chasu-ne-prypynyaye-sprob-pryvlasnennya-ukrayinskoyi-kultury-yaka-zhodnym-chynom-yij-ne-nalezhyt/
Children of military personnel and domestic displaced persons can get grants to study
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/granty-na-navchannya-dlya-ditej-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-i-vnutrishnih-pereselencziv/
There was a meeting of the coordination headquarters on the protection of the rights of the child in the conditions of martial law
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/vidbulosya-zasidannya-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-z-pytan-zahystu-prav-dytyny-v-umovah-voyennogo-stanu/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====