乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-20

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

The International Sun Sports Federation (FIL) continued with the removal of Russians from competitions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/mizhnarodna-federacziya-sannogo-sportu-fil-prodovzhyla-vidstoronennya-rosiyan-vid-zmagan/
As a result of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, the house-museum of Pauline Rayko was destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/vnaslidok-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-znyshheno-budynok-muzej-poliny-rajko/
Artillerymen about their work: "fill" as much as possible and as accurately as possible
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/artylerysty-37-okremoyi-brygady-morskoyi-pihoty-zavzhdy-gotovi-pidtrymaty-vognem-pihotyncziv-pid-chas-shturmovyh-dij/
The Kharkiv resident was injured as a result of a mortar shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/meshkanecz-harkivshhyny-otrymav-poranennya-vnaslidok-minometnogo-obstrilu-rashystiv/
The enemy concentrates efforts in four directions, a day - 24 combat collisions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/protyvnyk-zoseredzhuye-zusyllya-na-chotyroh-napryamkah-za-dobu-24-bojovyh-zitknennya/
Rashists have inflicted 59 aircraft, among the victims are children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/protyvnyk-zavdav-59-aviaudariv-sered-postrazhdalyh-ye-dity/
The Kherson region is affected by the Russian Brigade Office
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/na-hersonshhyni-urazheno-punkt-upravlinnya-rosijskoyi-brygady/
More than 220 thousand soldiers have lost the army of the Russian Federation in Ukraine since the beginning of large -scale aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/ponad-220-tysyach-vijskovyh-vtratyla-armiya-rf-v-ukrayini-z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-agresiyi/
The air defense forces destroyed all eight enemy air targets at night
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/syly-ppo-vnochi-znyshhyly-vsi-visim-vorozhyh-povitryanyh-czilej/
In Berdyansk and Melitopol directions, 8 settlements - Anna Malyar - were released in two weeks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/na-berdyanskomu-ta-melitopolskomu-napryamkah-za-dva-tyzhni-zvilneno-8-naselenyh-punktiv-ganna-malyar/
Brigade Aerospace found enemy targets that later destroyed artillery
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/brygadna-aerorozvidka-vyyavyla-vorozhi-czili-vognevi-artylerijski-grupy-brygady-uspishno-yih-znyshhyly/
Ukraine and the world - against Russian aggression - external intelligence service
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-sluzhba-zovnishnoyi-rozvidky/
Mikhail Fedorov: Our task is to create the best conditions for the development of Ukrainian UAVs in the world
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/nashe-zavdannya-stvoryty-najkrashhi-u-sviti-umovy-dlya-rozvytku-ukrayinskyh-bpla-myhajlo-fedorov/
Ukrainian fighters fight the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/ukrayinski-bijczi-boryatsya-z-naslidkamy-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-gidroelektrostancziyi/
In Rivne, a hub will work for integration of internally displaced persons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/u-rivnomu-zapraczyuye-hab-dlya-integracziyi-vnutrishno-peremishhenyh-osib/
2 points of management, 4 SPRs and 2 enemy ammunition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/urazheno-2-punkty-upravlinnya-4-zrk-ta-2-sklady-boyeprypasiv-protyvnyka/
At night the enemy attacked the Odesa with four winged maritime -based missiles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/vnochi-vorog-atakuvav-odeshhynu-chotyrma-krylatymy-raketamy-morskogo-bazuvannya/
The Prosecutor General's Office has documented more than 111,000 crimes against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/ofis-generalnogo-prokurora-zadokumentuvav-ponad-111-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-ukrayiny/
Our troops moved into the depth of the enemy in several sections in the Bakhmut direction - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/nashi-vijska-prosunulysya-v-glybynu-protyvnyka-na-kilkoh-dilyankah-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-ganna-malyar/
How to deal with a person who returned from the front?
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/yak-povodytysya-z-lyudynoyu-yaka-povernulas-z-frontu/
Kakhovskaya HPP: Problems and Prospects for Agrarian Sector Recovery
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/kahovska-ges-problemy-ta-perspektyvy-vidnovlennya-agrarnogo-sektoru/
Russian hackers are trying to access the mailboxes Ukr.net - State Security
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/fishyngovymy-lystamy-hakery-rf-namagayutsya-distaty-dostup-do-poshtovyh-skrynok-ukr-net-derzhspeczzvyazku/
Tips for parents for safe evacuation with a child
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/porady-batkam-dlya-bezpechnoyi-evakuacziyi-z-dytynoyu/
There is no such fortifications or reserves that will stop Ukraine-President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/nemaye-u-derzhavy-zla-takyh-fortyfikaczij-chy-rezerviv-yaki-zupynyat-ukrayinu-prezydent/
In Complex "Yad Vasem" launched Ukrainian -language audiohyde
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3725479-u-kompleksi-ad-vasem-zapustili-ukrainomovnij-audiogid.html
Three wounded in Kherson rescuers are in serious condition - the head of the Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725481-troe-poranenih-u-hersoni-ratuvalnikiv-perebuvaut-u-vazkomu-stani-golova-ova.html
In Austria, journalists found Putin's daughter's villa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725426-v-avstrii-zurnalisti-viavili-villu-donki-putina.html
Rothenberg's pod -Russian oligarchs retained foreign assets - journalistic investigation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725427-pidsankcijni-rosijski-oligarhi-rotenbergi-zberegli-zakordonni-aktivi-zurnalistske-rozsliduvanna.html
In Austria, journalists found Putin's daughter's villa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725426-v-avstrii-zurnalisti-viavili-villu-donki-putina.html
Explosive Letters: The court in Spain accused the suspected pensioner of terrorism
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725425-listi-z-vibuhivkou-sud-v-ispanii-zvinuvativ-pidozruvanogo-pensionera-u-terorizmi.html
Yuri Maximov became the head coach of Zvyagel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725533-urij-maksimov-stav-golovnim-trenerom-zvagela.html
Shmigal: We start work in London to participate in the Conference on Recovery of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3725531-smigal-rozpocinaemo-robotu-v-londoni-dla-ucasti-v-konferencii-z-pitan-vidnovlenna-ukraini.html
Kuleba met with Blinken - talked about the counter -offensive and the formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725532-kuleba-zustrivsa-z-blinkenom-u-londoni-govorili-pro-kontrnastup-i-formulu-miru.html
Rain in the capital: Kyivavtodor eliminates flooding
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3725529-zliva-u-stolici-kiivavtodor-likvidovue-pidtoplenna.html
Lithuanian customs strengthens the rules of transportation of goods through the Russian Federation and Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725527-mitnica-litvi-posilue-pravila-provezenna-tovariv-cerez-rf-ta-bilorus.html
Russian servicemen do not give information about losses in Ukraine - interception
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725526-vijskovosluzbovcam-rf-ne-daut-informacii-pro-vtrati-v-ukraini-perehoplenna.html
Galushchenko met with the management of the British energy regulator
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725523-galusenko-zustrivsa-z-kerivnictvom-britanskogo-energeticnogo-regulatora.html
USA expects India to continue to buy Russian oil at limited prices
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725520-ssa-ocikuut-so-india-prodovzit-zakupati-rosijsku-naftu-za-obmezenimi-cinami.html
During the day the Russians were fired 14 times the border of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725545-protagom-dna-rosiani-14-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
The National Bank promises to punish for refusal to exchange the "worn out" currency
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725547-nacbank-obicae-karati-za-vidmovu-v-obmini-znosenoi-valuti.html
The White House hopes to continue the grain initiative
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725549-bilij-dim-spodivaetsa-na-prodovzenna-zernovoi-iniciativi.html
Cyberatics on Ukr.net: Malimists send phishing letters on behalf of technical support
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/kiberataka-na-ukr-net-zlovmysnyky-nadsylayut-fishyngovi-lysty-vid-imeni-tehpidtrymky/
States aimed at supporting economic recovery in Ukraine - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3725552-ssa-nacileni-na-pidtrimku-ekonomicnogo-vidnovlenna-v-ukraini-derzdep.html
Ronaldo spent a record 200th match for his career team
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725551-ronaldu-proviv-rekordnij-200j-poedinok-za-zbirnu-v-kareri.html
Japan will help Ukraine with the restoration of affected territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/yaponiya-dopomozhe-ukrayini-z-vidnovlennyam-postrazhdalyh-terytorij/
In Complex "Yad Vasem" launched Ukrainian -language audiohyde
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3725479-u-kompleksi-ad-vasem-zapustili-ukrainomovnij-audiogid.html
One of Venice's most famous cathedrals restore for € 3.3 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3725370-odin-iz-najvidomisih-soboriv-venecii-vidrestavruut-za-33-miljona.html
The honorary consulate of Lithuania was opened in Poltava region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725378-na-poltavsini-vidkrili-pocesne-konsulstvo-litvi.html
Scholtz met with China Prime Minister and called Beijing to influence Moscow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725382-solc-zustrivsa-z-premerom-kitau-i-zaklikav-pekin-vplinuti-na-moskvu.html
The Kakhovsky Overpass movement in Kiev was partially restricted by July 20
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3725384-ruh-kahovskim-slahoprovodom-u-kievi-castkovo-obmezili-do-20-lipna.html
IAEA inspected the South Ukrainian NPP - not found nuclear materials were not found
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725385-magate-proinspektuvala-pivdennoukrainsku-aes-nezaavlenih-adernih-materialiv-ne-znajsli.html
Media forum in Bonn: During the speech of Russian Muratov turned on the alarm alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725387-na-mediaforumi-v-bonni-pustili-zapis-povitranoi-trivogi.html
The SBU exposed a traitor who tried to lure military pilots to the side of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725304-sbu-vikrila-zradnika-akij-namagavsa-peremaniti-vijskovih-pilotiv-na-bik-rosii.html
In France, police searches the organizers of the 2024 Olympics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725390-u-francii-policia-provodit-obsuki-v-organizatoriv-olimpiadi2024.html
In the Russian Federation, mobilized will be released from criminal liability - the State Duma has passed the law
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725391-u-rf-mobilizovanih-zvilnatimut-vid-kriminalnoi-vidpovidalnosti-derzduma-prijnala-zakon.html
The EU will track import through third countries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725392-es-vidstezuvatime-import-cerez-treti-kraini-pidsankcijnih-tovariv-do-rosii-specpredstavnik.html
On Bulgarian TV began to broadcast news in Ukrainian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3725389-na-bolgarskomu-telebacenni-pocali-transluvati-novini-ukrainskou.html
The Ukrainian project "Shchedryk" received "silver" at the Creativity Festival "Cannes Lions 2023"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3725396-ukrainskij-proekt-sedrik-otrimav-sriblo-na-festivali-kreativnosti-kannski-levi-2023.html
Suzuki with Skydrive startup next year will produce flying cars
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3725397-suzuki-zi-startapom-skydrive-nastupnogo-roku-spilno-viroblatimut-letuci-avto.html
Grain Corridor exports in a week decreased by a third - UKAB
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725398-eksport-zernovim-koridorom-za-tizden-skorotivsa-na-tretinu-ukab.html
Sanctions affect Yandex's activities and other Russian technological companies - ISW
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3725399-sankcii-vplivaut-na-dialnist-andeksa-ta-insih-tehnologicnih-kompanij-rosii-isw.html
The first draw in the UEFA Conferences League of conferences took place
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725400-vidbulosa-perse-zerebkuvanna-u-vidbirkovomu-cikli-ligi-konferencij-uefa.html
The Association of Ukrainian Women in the British City of Coventry has chosen a new government
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3725254-asociacia-ukrainskih-zinok-u-britanskomu-misti-koventri-obrala-novu-upravu.html
Danilov told about the military priority of the Defense Forces - "Artillery Extension" of the enemy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725402-danilov-rozpoviv-pro-voennij-prioritet-sil-oboroni-artilerijske-znekrovlenna-voroga.html
In the Ricovo in Kherson region, the Russians decided to blow up 20 tons of their ammunition - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725405-u-rikovomu-na-hersonsini-rosiani-virisili-pidirvati-20-tonn-svoih-boepripasiv-zmi.html
Illegally detained Lenie Umerova wrote a letter from the Russian pre -trial detention center
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3725406-nezakonno-zatrimana-lenie-umerova-napisala-lista-iz-rosijskogo-sizo.html
In Ukraine, the wings of revenge were presented in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3725409-v-ukraini-prezentuvali-proekt-krila-pomsti.html
Nine outpatients destroyed in Balaklius Community
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3725403-u-balaklijskij-gromadi-vidnovili-devat-zrujnovanih-zagarbnikami-ambulatorij.html
WhatsApp presented two new features
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3725414-whatsapp-predstaviv-dvi-novi-funkcii.html
Serbia President put forward a condition to continue talking with Kosovo Prime Minister in Brussels
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725415-prezident-serbii-visunuv-umovu-dla-prodovzenna-peregovoriv-iz-premerom-kosova-u-brusseli.html
Bulets and Brazhko returned to Dynamo from rent
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725417-buleca-ta-brazko-povernulisa-v-dinamo-z-orendi.html
The Supreme Court of Belarus confirmed a 15-year sentence of Tyanovskaya
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725418-verhovnij-sud-bilorusi-pidtverdiv-15ricnij-virok-tihanovskij.html
More than ₴ 60 thousand for the treatment of wounded soldiers were collected in the Drohobych cathedral temple of Drohobych
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725421-u-katedralnomu-hrami-drogobica-zibrali-ponad-60-tisac-na-likuvanna-poranenih-bijciv.html
"White Angels" evacuated from Toretsky's father with four children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725419-bili-angoli-evakuuvali-z-torecka-batka-z-cotirma-ditmi.html
Explosive Letters: The court in Spain accused the suspected pensioner of terrorism
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725425-listi-z-vibuhivkou-sud-v-ispanii-zvinuvativ-pidozruvanogo-pensionera-u-terorizmi.html
In Jerusalem opened an alley in honor of Ukrainians who saved the Jews from the Nazis - Zelensk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725553-u-erusalimi-vidkrili-aleu-na-cest-ukrainciv-aki-ratuvali-evreiv-vid-nacistiv-zelenska.html
Rothenberg's pod -Russian oligarchs retained foreign assets - journalistic investigation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725427-pidsankcijni-rosijski-oligarhi-rotenbergi-zberegli-zakordonni-aktivi-zurnalistske-rozsliduvanna.html
Blinken announced a new package of assistance to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725429-blinken-anonsuvav-novij-paket-dopomogi-ukraini.html
Young Ukrainian tennis players will play in the qualification of the summer Cup of Europe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725428-uni-ukrainski-tenisisti-zigraut-u-kvalifikacii-litnogo-kubka-evropi.html
Denmark approved another military assistance package to Ukraine for 2.95 billion euros
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/daniya-shvalyla-chergovyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-ukrayini-na-295-milyardiv-yevro/
In the Kyiv Digital application launched an e-card to pay the fare
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3725436-u-zastosunku-kiiv-cifrovij-zapustili-ekartu-dla-oplati-proizdu.html
943 hectares of forests remain flooded in the Nikolaev area
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725432-na-mikolaivsini-zalisautsa-pidtoplenimi-943-gektari-lisiv.html
In Kharkiv, a diary of the writer Volodymyr Vakulenko killed by the invaders was issued by the invaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3725431-u-harkovi-vidali-sodennik-vbitogo-zagarbnikami-pismennika-volodimira-vakulenka.html
Zelensky congratulated the new premiere of Finland with appointments
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725434-zelenskij-privitav-novogo-premera-finlandii-iz-priznacennam.html
The Ministry of Defense expects that the Council will consider the draft law on the DFRR in the near future
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3725435-u-minvidnovlenna-ocikuut-so-rada-najblizcim-casom-rozglane-zakonoproekt-pro-dfrr.html
The movie "Luxembourg, Luxembourg" will be shown at the Czech Republic Festival
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3725437-film-luksemburg-luksemburg-pokazut-na-festivali-cehii.html
The Embassy exported from Hungary three Ukrainian prisoners of war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725440-posolstvo-ukraini-vivezlo-z-ugorsini-troh-ukrainskih-vijskovopolonenih.html
In Israel there was a shooting, four people were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725442-v-izraili-stalasa-strilanina-zaginuli-cetvero-ludej.html
Ukraine plans to sign a Memorandum with the EBRD for reconstruction and recovery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3725444-ukraina-planue-pidpisati-memorandum-z-ebrr-dla-rekonstrukcii-i-vidnovlenna.html
The Russians were replaced by the cooler with the ZEP - Budanov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725447-rosiani-zaminuvali-oholodzuvac-na-zaes-budanov.html
Baiden's son pleaded guilty of three offenses - concluded an agreement with prosecutors
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725446-sin-bajdena-viznav-sebe-vinnim-u-nesplati-podatkiv-uklav-ugodu-z-prokurorami.html
Flashmob on social networks: Zelensky urge to sign a law prohibiting the spread of Russian books
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3725448-zabuzko-zaklikala-zelenskogo-pidpisati-zakon-so-zaboronae-rozpovsudzenna-rosijskih-knig.html
UPL: Rusyn is the best player in May -June, Ponomarev is the best trainer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725449-upl-rusin-najkrasij-gravec-travnacervna-ponomarov-najkrasij-trener.html
Ukraine and Romania will exchange information about the ecological status of the Black Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725456-ukraina-ta-rumunia-obminuvatimutsa-informacieu-pro-ekologicnij-stan-cornogo-mora.html
No nuclear warhead of the Russian Federation has yet moved to Belarus - Budanov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725455-zodnu-adernu-boegolovku-rf-se-ne-peremistila-u-bilorus-budanov.html
Russians are unable to break through Ukrainian defense on the Eastern Front - the Defense Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725457-rosianam-ne-vdaetsa-prorvati-ukrainsku-oboronu-na-shidnomu-fronti-minoboroni.html
Photo exhibition of war in Ukraine was presented on a media forum in Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3725451-fotovistavku-pro-vijnu-v-ukraini-predstavili-na-mediaforumi-v-nimeccini.html
The military of the Russian Federation half an hour before Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station was called to leave the station - Budanov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725460-vijskovih-rf-za-piv-godini-do-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-zaklikali-zalisiti-stanciu-budanov.html
Archaeologists got into the entrance tower of the Halych Castle, which was under the rubble for 300 years
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725445-arheologi-potrapili-u-viznu-vezu-galickogo-zamku-aka-300-rokiv-perebuvala-pid-zavalami.html
More than 200 Kherson, who disappeared after the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station was installed in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725461-ukraina-vstanovila-misceperebuvanna-ponad-200-hersonciv-aki-znikli-pisla-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Qualifications to the CHE: Belgium, Austria and Norway have won
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725555-kvalifikacia-do-ce-belgia-avstria-i-norvegia-zdobuli-peremogi.html
Philip Morris invests $ 30 million in the construction of a new factory in Lviv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725462-philip-morris-investue-30-miljoniv-u-budivnictvo-novoi-fabriki-na-lvivsini.html
Giving NABU autonomous listening depends on the SBU - Krivonos
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725464-nadanna-nabu-avtonomnogo-prosluhovuvanna-zalezit-vid-sbu-krivonos.html
The Slovak Parliament recognized the Holodomor with the genocide of the Ukrainian people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725469-parlament-slovaccini-viznav-golodomor-genocidom-ukrainskogo-narodu.html
The hot phase on the front generally does not affect the exchange of prisoners - GUR
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725465-garaca-faza-na-fronti-zagalom-ne-vplivae-na-obmin-polonenimi-gur.html
The Ministry of Finance has placed the T -bills for ₴ 31.4 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725471-minfin-rozmistiv-ovdp-na-314-milarda.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: the Ministry of Health was told about volunteers in the affected areas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725483-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-u-moz-rozpovili-pro-medikivdobrovolciv-u-postrazdalih-oblastah.html
Stefanchuk discussed with the head of the Senate Italy's accession to Ukraine to NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725474-stefancuk-obgovoriv-z-golovou-senatu-italii-priednanna-ukraini-do-nato.html
In Complex "Yad Vasem" launched Ukrainian -language audiohyde
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3725479-u-kompleksi-ad-vasem-zapustili-ukrainomovnij-audiogid.html
Budanov trumped the Russians and "Kivu Expert" for fake stories about his death
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725480-budanov-potroliv-rosian-i-eksperta-kivu-za-fejkovi-rozpovidi-pro-svou-smert.html
In the Bakhmut direction of the Armed Forces continue moving forward on flanks - Syrsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725482-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-zsu-prodovzuut-ruh-vpered-na-flangah-sirskij.html
Budanov: The Conflict of Prigogine and the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation is quite real
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725467-budanov-konflikt-prigozina-i-minoboroni-rf-e-cilkom-realnim.html
Bepiicolombo probe made new photos of Mercury
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3725487-zond-bepicolombo-zrobiv-novi-svitlini-merkuria.html
In the Limano-Kupjian direction, the military was destroyed by Russian drone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725485-na-limanokupanskomu-napramku-vijskovi-znisili-rosijskij-bezpilotnik.html
Residents of Kryvyi Rih district are asked to keep a three -day supply of water at home
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725488-meskanciv-krivorizkogo-rajonu-prosat-trimati-vdoma-tridennij-zapas-vodi.html
The family of Hero of Ukraine Vladimir Rybak needs immediate help - human rights activist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725489-rodina-geroa-ukraini-volodimira-ribaka-potrebue-negajnoi-dopomogi-pravozahisnica.html
Oleshki on the verge of a humanitarian catastrophe - no sewer, no drinking water and light work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725490-oleski-na-mezi-gumanitarnoi-katastrofi-ne-pracue-kanalizacia-nemae-pitnoi-vodi-ta-svitla.html
Tomorrow in Ukraine short -term rains and thunderstorms, in the afternoon to +29 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725320-zavtra-v-ukraini-korotkocasni-dosi-ta-grozi-vden-do-29.html
Ukrainian Nadiya Kichenok gave way to the starting tournament WTA 250
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725491-ukrainka-nadia-kicenok-postupilasa-na-starti-parnogo-turniru-wta-250.html
A new water supply will be built to provide water to the residents of Nikopol region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725535-dla-zabezpecenna-vodou-meskanciv-nikopolsini-pobuduut-novij-vodogin.html
The occupier tells his mother about drunkenness among Russian soldiers and fears about the possible offensive of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/okupant-rozpovidaye-materi-pro-pyyacztvo-sered-soldati-rf-ta-poboyuvannya-shhodo-mozhlyvogo-nastupu-zsu/
If Putin applies nuclear weapons, sanctions for Russia should become hellish - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725493-akso-putin-zastosue-adernu-zbrou-sankcii-dla-rosii-maut-stati-pekelnimi-danilov.html
Defense forces struck 17 art units, three management points and aircraft of Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725494-sili-oboroni-urazili-17-artpidrozdiliv-tri-punkti-upravlinna-ta-zasib-ppo-rosian.html
The ban on the import of publishing products of the Russian Federation: Zelensky reacted to a petition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3725499-zaborona-vvezenna-vidavnicoi-produkcii-rf-zelenskij-vidreaguvav-na-peticiu.html
The invaders prepare the deportation of another 750 children from the occupied Luhansk region - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725501-zagarbniki-gotuut-deportaciu-se-750-ditej-z-okupovanoi-lugansini-ova.html
Austria will allocate more € 18 million to help Ukrainians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725502-avstria-vidilit-se-18-miljoniv-dla-dopomogi-ukraincam.html
Possible blows to the Crimean Titan and ZPP will not stop the liberation of Ukraine - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725504-mozlivi-udari-po-krimskomu-titanu-ta-zaes-ne-zupinat-zvilnenna-ukraini-danilov.html
The US does not deny the roles of the third party in the process of establishing peace in Ukraine - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725509-ssa-ne-zaperecuut-roli-tretoi-storoni-u-procesi-vstanovlenna-miru-v-ukraini-bilij-dim.html
The enemy was fired again by the Nikopol district, wounded civilian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725505-vorog-znovu-obstrilav-nikopolskij-rajon-poranenij-civilnij.html
Archaeologists find fragments of eneolithic ceramics because of the fall of water.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725506-na-hortici-cerez-padinna-rivna-vodi-arheologi-znahodat-ulamki-keramiki-dobi-eneolitu.html
The FSB released the detainees in Crimea Jafer and Alim Alustyev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3725508-fsb-vidpustila-zatrimanih-u-krimu-dzafera-ta-alima-alustaevih.html
Negoda in the Kyiv region: Lightning hit a dwelling house
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725510-negoda-na-kiivsini-bliskavka-vlucila-v-zitlovij-budinok.html
Danilov urged the Russians to flee to the Russian Federation as soon as possible through the Kerch Bridge
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3725511-danilov-zaklikav-rosian-aknajsvidse-tikati-do-rf-cerez-kercenskij-mist.html
The US is making efforts to prevent Russia from shattering - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725513-ssa-dokladaut-zusil-abi-rosia-ne-mogla-uhilatisa-vid-sankcij-bilij-dim.html
The number of deaths after the Kakhovsk Hydroe Case increased to 21
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725514-kilkist-zagiblih-pisla-avarii-na-kahovskij-ges-zrosla-do-21.html
Pavlyuk met with Stoltenberg Assist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725515-pavluk-zustrivsa-z-pomicnikom-stoltenberga-govorili-pro-pereozbroenna-sil-oboroni.html
Oxygen is left for 40 hours: Titanic has been looking for a submarine with tourists for several days
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725517-kisnu-lisilosa-na-40-godin-bila-titanika-vze-kilka-dniv-sukaut-submarinu-z-turistami.html
The head of the International Commission on missing missing spoke about ways to support Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725521-kerivnik-miznarodnoi-komisii-z-pitan-zniklih-bezvisti-rozpoviv-pro-slahi-pidtrimki-ukraini.html
USA expects India to continue to buy Russian oil at limited prices
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725520-ssa-ocikuut-so-india-prodovzit-zakupati-rosijsku-naftu-za-obmezenimi-cinami.html
Galushchenko met with the management of the British energy regulator
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725523-galusenko-zustrivsa-z-kerivnictvom-britanskogo-energeticnogo-regulatora.html
Russian servicemen do not give information about losses in Ukraine - interception
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725526-vijskovosluzbovcam-rf-ne-daut-informacii-pro-vtrati-v-ukraini-perehoplenna.html
Lithuanian customs strengthens the rules of transportation of goods through the Russian Federation and Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725527-mitnica-litvi-posilue-pravila-provezenna-tovariv-cerez-rf-ta-bilorus.html
Rain in the capital: Kyivavtodor eliminates flooding
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3725529-zliva-u-stolici-kiivavtodor-likvidovue-pidtoplenna.html
Kuleba met with Blinken - talked about the counter -offensive and the formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725532-kuleba-zustrivsa-z-blinkenom-u-londoni-govorili-pro-kontrnastup-i-formulu-miru.html
Shmigal: We start work in London to participate in the Conference on Recovery of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3725531-smigal-rozpocinaemo-robotu-v-londoni-dla-ucasti-v-konferencii-z-pitan-vidnovlenna-ukraini.html
Yuri Maximov became the head coach of Zvyagel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725533-urij-maksimov-stav-golovnim-trenerom-zvagela.html
Requirement of the United Kingdom: Billions of Abramovich to help Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/vymoga-spoluchenogo-korolivstva-milyardy-abramovycha-skeruvaty-na-dopomogu-ukrayini/
A new water supply will be built to provide water to the residents of Nikopol region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725535-dla-zabezpecenna-vodou-meskanciv-nikopolsini-pobuduut-novij-vodogin.html
President: Strengthened, rebuilt Ukraine is a protection against any forms of Russian terror
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3725538-prezident-vidbudovana-zmicnena-ukraina-ce-zahisenist-vid-budakih-form-rosijskogo-teroru.html
The Austrian Strabag Contempoe Concern has deprived the derip -stake
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725537-avstrijskij-budivelnij-koncern-strabag-pozbaviv-deripasku-blokuucogo-paketu-akcij.html
Ukraine and the UN will create a community recovery fund - Kubrakov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3725539-ukraina-ta-oon-stvorat-fond-vidnovlenna-gromad-kubrakov.html
Zelensky promises to answer Russian terrorists for a blow to rescuers in Kherson
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725542-zelenskij-obicae-vidpovid-rosijskim-teroristam-za-udar-po-ratuvalnikah-u-hersoni.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Zelenskaya appealed to Israeli epidemiologists with a request for help
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725541-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-zelenska-zvernulasa-do-izrailskih-epidemiologiv-iz-zapitom-pro-dopomogu.html
The Russians have intensified the weapon switching to the Berdyansk direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725279-rosiani-aktivizuvali-perekidanna-zbroi-na-berdanskij-napramok.html
In Odesa region gradually stops the fire water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725543-na-odesini-postupovo-pripinaetsa-oprisnenna-morskoi-vodi.html
Zelensky will tell about aspects of transformation of Ukraine at the London Conference on Reconstruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3725544-zelenskij-rozpovist-pro-aspekti-transformacii-ukraini-na-londonskij-konferencii-z-vidbudovi.html
During the day the Russians were fired 14 times the border of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725545-protagom-dna-rosiani-14-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
The National Bank promises to punish for refusal to exchange the "worn out" currency
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725547-nacbank-obicae-karati-za-vidmovu-v-obmini-znosenoi-valuti.html
The White House hopes to continue the grain initiative
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725549-bilij-dim-spodivaetsa-na-prodovzenna-zernovoi-iniciativi.html
States aimed at supporting economic recovery in Ukraine - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3725552-ssa-nacileni-na-pidtrimku-ekonomicnogo-vidnovlenna-v-ukraini-derzdep.html
Ronaldo spent a record 200th match for his career team
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725551-ronaldu-proviv-rekordnij-200j-poedinok-za-zbirnu-v-kareri.html
The SBU exposed a traitor who tried to lure military pilots to the side of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725304-sbu-vikrila-zradnika-akij-namagavsa-peremaniti-vijskovih-pilotiv-na-bik-rosii.html
In Jerusalem opened an alley in honor of Ukrainians who saved the Jews from the Nazis - Zelensk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725553-u-erusalimi-vidkrili-aleu-na-cest-ukrainciv-aki-ratuvali-evreiv-vid-nacistiv-zelenska.html
Qualifications to the CHE: Belgium, Austria and Norway have won
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725555-kvalifikacia-do-ce-belgia-avstria-i-norvegia-zdobuli-peremogi.html
Tomorrow in Ukraine short -term rains and thunderstorms, in the afternoon to +29 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725320-zavtra-v-ukraini-korotkocasni-dosi-ta-grozi-vden-do-29.html
Destroyed Russian Mur-M Station and 6 enemy armored vehicles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/znyshheno-rosijsku-stancziyu-murom-m-i-6-odynycz-bronetehniky-protyvnyka/
Aviation of Defense Forces made 15 beats in the areas of focus of enemy personnel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-15-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-osobovogo-skladu-protyvnyka-2/
Defense forces eliminated more than 1000 invaders, destroyed 23 artsystems and 15 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/syly-oborony-likviduvaly-ponad-1000-okupantiv-znyshhyly-23-artsystem-i-15-bbm/
President: Strengthened, rebuilt Ukraine is a protection against any forms of Russian terror
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3725538-prezident-vidbudovana-zmicnena-ukraina-ce-zahisenist-vid-budakih-form-rosijskogo-teroru.html
At night the air defense forces destroyed 32 of 35 shock drones Shahd-136/131
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/vnochi-syly-ppo-znyshhyly-32-iz-35-udarnyh-droniv-shahed-136-131/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Ukrainian defenders destroyed the Russian Aligator helicopter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-znyshhyly-rosijskyj-vertolit-aligator/
Coordinating Staff: The exchanges returned some of the defenders who were considered missing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-pid-chas-obminiv-povertayetsya-chastyna-oboroncziv-yaki-vvazhalysya-znyklymy-bezvisty/
Russia brought out a rocket launcher in the Black Sea without "calibers"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/rosiya-vyvela-v-chorne-more-raketonosij-bez-kalibriv/
The Austrian Strabag Contempoe Concern has deprived the derip -stake
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725537-avstrijskij-budivelnij-koncern-strabag-pozbaviv-deripasku-blokuucogo-paketu-akcij.html
Applying "Shahda" at night, the enemy tries to explore our air defense system and complicate the work of mobile fire groups - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/zastosovuyuchy-shahedy-vnochi-vorog-namagayetsya-rozvidaty-nashu-systemu-ppo-i-uskladnyty-robotu-mobilnyh-vognevyh-grup-yurij-ignat/
In Kherson region, 21 settlements remain flooded due to Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/na-hersonshhyni-cherez-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-pidtoplenymy-zalyshayetsya-21-naselenyj-punkt/
The President celebrated 158 military awards, 59 of them - posthumously
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/prezydent-vidznachyv-derzhavnymy-nagorodamy-158-vijskovyh-59-z-nyh-posmertno/
At night, the army of the Russian Federation with unmanaged airlines fired at the border of Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/vnochi-armiya-rf-nekerovanymy-aviaraketamy-obstrilyala-prykordonnya-chernigivshhyny/
Cyril Budanov about his death: Zaluzhny, I, Bandera, Petliura - "Special Treatment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/kyrylo-budanov-shhodo-svoyeyi-zagybeli-zaluzhnyj-ya-bandera-petlyura-%e2%80%95-speczzagin-bezsmertnyh-dlya-koshmaringu-okupantiv/
Ukraine and the UN will create a community recovery fund - Kubrakov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3725539-ukraina-ta-oon-stvorat-fond-vidnovlenna-gromad-kubrakov.html
Currently one of the main tasks of the SESA forces and means is to pump water
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/narazi-odne-z-osnovnyh-zavdan-syl-ta-zasobiv-dsns-cze-vidkachka-vody/
The street was renamed in Kiev in honor of Hero of Ukraine Andrei Verkhogdat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/u-kyyevi-perejmenuvaly-vulyczyu-na-chest-geroya-ukrayiny-andriya-verhoglyada/
People return to the territory from where the water has departed. What they should beware of - SES's advice
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/lyudy-povertayutsya-na-terytoriyi-zvidky-vidijshla-voda-chogo-yim-slid-osterigatysya-porady-dsns/
The Institute of Assistant Veteran is being introduced in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/v-ukrayini-zaprovadzhuyetsya-instytut-pomichnyka-veterana/
It is quite difficult for our defenders to move, because the enemy threw all the strength to stop the offensive - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/nashym-oboronczyam-dovoli-skladno-prosuvatys-adzhe-vorog-kynuv-usi-syly-shhob-zupynyty-nastup-ganna-malyar/
VAT and import duty on drones - Mikhail Fedorov was canceled
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/skasovano-pdv-ta-vvizne-myto-na-komplektuyuchi-dlya-droniv-myhajlo-fedorov/
The world supports Ukraine: US and EU politicians' statements
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/svit-pidtrymuye-ukrayinu-zayavy-politykiv-ssha-ta-yes/
Zelensky promises to answer Russian terrorists for a blow to rescuers in Kherson
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725542-zelenskij-obicae-vidpovid-rosijskim-teroristam-za-udar-po-ratuvalnikah-u-hersoni.html
This year, the EU mission is planned to prepare 30 thousand Ukrainian servicemen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/czogo-roku-v-ramkah-misiyi-yes-planuyetsya-pidgotovka-30-tys-ukrayinskyh-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
Every second hryvnia from the state budget in 2023 is directed to defense - Roxolana Podlas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/kozhna-druga-gryvnya-z-derzhavnogo-byudzhetu-u-2023-spryamovuyetsya-na-oboronu-roksolana-pidlasa/
The Kiev IT Company, which planned to "drain" the occupiers from the electronic systems of Donetsk Ova, was exposed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/vykryto-kyyivsku-it-kompaniyu-yaka-planuvala-zlyvaty-okupantam-informacziyu-z-elektronnyh-system-doneczkoyi-ova/
In Mariinsky, our defenders reflected all the attacks of the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/na-maryinskomu-napryamku-nashi-zahysnyky-vidbyly-usi-ataky-protyvnyka/
More than 94 thousand military crimes have documented the Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/ponad-94-tysyachi-voyennyh-zlochyniv-zadokumentuvav-ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny/
Every day artillery ammunition and armored vehicles come to Ukraine - Dmytro Kuleba
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/shhodnya-artylerijski-boyeprypasy-i-bronetehnika-prybuvayut-v-ukrayinu-dmytro-kuleba/
The President of Ukraine appointed Deputy Minister of Defense Alexander Polishchuk Ambassador of Ukraine to India
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/prezydent-ukrayiny-pryznachyv-zastupnyka-ministra-oborony-oleksandra-polishhuka-poslom-ukrayiny-v-indiyi/
Norway is allocated to support nuclear security in Ukraine over $ 23 million
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/norvegiya-vydilyaye-na-pidtrymku-yadernoyi-bezpeky-v-ukrayini-ponad-23-mln/
The anti -aircraftmen that have already destroyed 13 "daggers" received awards from the Air Force Commander
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/zenitnyky-yaki-znyshhyly-vzhe-13-kyndzhaliv-otrymaly-nagorody-vid-komanduvacha-povitryanyh-syl/
Briefing at Military Media Center on Eliminating the Consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/bryfing-u-military-media-center-shhodo-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Zelenskaya appealed to Israeli epidemiologists with a request for help
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725541-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-zelenska-zvernulasa-do-izrailskih-epidemiologiv-iz-zapitom-pro-dopomogu.html
Occasion of the "Dirty Bomb": The Ministry of Defense of Ukraine evaluates all risks and takes measures to counteract Russian threat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/vkydy-pro-brudnu-bombu-minoborony-ukrayiny-oczinyuye-vsi-ryzyky-i-vzhyvaye-zahodiv-dlya-protydiyi-rosijskij-zagrozi/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed financial support and sanctions against the Russian Commission with the President of the European Commission
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/volodymyr-zelenskyj-obgovoryv-iz-prezydentom-yevrokomisiyi-finansovu-pidtrymku-j-sankcziyi-proty-rf/
Alexei Reznikov thanked Denmark and France for the Caesar SAU, who terrify the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/oleksij-reznikov-podyakuvav-daniyi-ta-francziyi-za-sau-caesar-yaki-navodyat-zhah-na-okupantiv/
President of Ukraine: Source of this cruel war - outside the borders of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/prezydent-ukrayiny-dzherelo-cziyeyi-zhorstokoyi-vijny-poza-kordonamy-ukrayiny/
Up to 1 cm per hour: water level in the Dnieper at the Kherson mark slowly decreases
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/do-1-sm-za-godynu-riven-vody-u-dnipri-na-poznachczi-herson-povilno-znyzhuyetsya/
The SESS told how many settlements have been flooded in the de -industrial and occupied territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/u-dsns-rozpovily-skilky-naselenyh-punktiv-zalyshayetsya-pidtoplenymy-na-deokupovanij-ta-okupovanij-terytoriyah/
The Russian agent who was collected for the occupiers gathered information about Ukrainian military pilots for the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/vykryto-agenta-rf-yakyj-dlya-okupantiv-zbyrav-informacziyu-pro-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-pilotiv/
More than 350 explosive items have been neutralized per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-350-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
In Dnipro and Ingulians, the exceeding the concentration of suspended substances is recorded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/u-dnipri-ta-ingulczi-zafiksuvaly-perevyshhennya-konczentracziyi-zavyslyh-rechovyn/
"The activity of the enemy in the Limano-Kupyan direction is an attempt to succeed against the background of considerable losses"-Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/aktyvnist-voroga-na-lymano-kupyanskomu-napryamku-cze-sproba-dosyagty-uspihu-na-foni-chymalyh-vtrat-cherevatyj/
The Russians have intensified the weapon switching to the Berdyansk direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725279-rosiani-aktivizuvali-perekidanna-zbroi-na-berdanskij-napramok.html
The President noted the state awards of 111 defenders and defenders of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/prezydent-vidznachyv-derzhavnymy-nagorodamy-111-zahysnykiv-ta-zahysnycz-ukrayiny/
The Russian informant was detained who wanted to disrupt the contradictions of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces under Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/zatrymano-rosijskogo-informatora-yakyj-hotiv-zirvaty-kontrudary-shturmovoyi-brygady-zsu-pid-bahmutom/
There is a threat of undermining the ZPP, the invaders were replaced by the station cooler - the head of the GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/isnuye-zagroza-pidryvu-zaes-okupanty-zaminuvaly-oholodzhuvach-stancziyi-kyrylo-budanov/
Litpoluskrbrig continues preparation of Ukrainian soldiers according to NATO standards - Lithuanian Ministry of Defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/lytpolukrbryg-prodovzhuye-pidgotovku-ukrayinskyh-voyiniv-za-standartamy-nato-minoborony-lytvy/
The SBU reported suspicion to three more officials: among them-the head of the occupation "Donbassgaz"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/sbu-povidomyla-pro-pidozru-shhe-trom-posadovczyam-rashystam-sered-nyh-ochilnyk-okupaczijnogo-donbasgaz/
The Defense Forces of Ukraine were eliminated more than five 8217;
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/syly-oborony-ukrayiny-likviduvaly-ponad-pyat-rot-rosiyan-na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-oleksandr-tarnavskyj/
Already 20,000 Russians have turned to the hotlines of the project of the coordination headquarters "I want to live"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/uzhe-20-tysyach-rosiyan-zvernulysya-na-garyachi-liniyi-proyektu-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-hochu-zhyt/
The occupiers fired the rescuers in Kherson: one died, seven wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/okupanty-obstrilyaly-ryatuvalnykiv-u-hersoni-odyn-zagynuv-semero-poraneni/
Defense forces struck nine areas of focus of enemy and 17 art units
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/syly-oborony-urazyly-devyat-rajoniv-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka-ta-17-artpidrozdiliv/
"Underwarming Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station - a terrorist act of ecocide, made by the Russian Federation consciously" - Kirill Budanov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/pidryv-grebli-kahovskoyi-ges-terorystychnyj-akt-ekoczydu-zdijsnenyj-rosijskoyu-federacziyeyu-svidomo-kyrylo-budanov/
In Odesa region gradually stops the fire water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725543-na-odesini-postupovo-pripinaetsa-oprisnenna-morskoi-vodi.html
The next consultations of experts of Ukraine and NATO on defense planning began
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/rozpochalys-chergovi-konsultacziyi-ekspertiv-ukrayiny-ta-nato-z-pytan-oboronnogo-planuvannya/
In the southern direction, Russian invaders are tightly changing fields, even whole settlements - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/na-pivdennomu-napryamku-rosijski-okupanty-shhilno-minuyut-polya-navit-czili-naseleni-punkty-ganna-malyar/
The occupiers intensified filtration measures in the temporarily occupied territory of Zaporizhzhya region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/okupanty-posylyly-filtraczijni-zahody-na-tymchasovo-okupovanij-terytoriyi-zaporizkoyi-oblasti/
The occupiers still want to enter the administrative borders of Donetsk and Luhansk regions - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/okupanty-yak-i-ranishe-hochut-vyjty-na-administratyvni-kordony-doneczkoyi-j-luganskoyi-oblastej-ganna-malyar/
During the day, the enemy has caused more than 70 air strikes and made 36 shelling of the RSZV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/protyagom-doby-vorog-zavdav-ponad-70-aviaudariv-i-zdijsnyv-36-obstriliv-z-rszv/
35 combat clashes took place during the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/protyagom-doby-vidbulosya-35-bojovyh-zitknen/
Built-in, strengthened Ukraine is the protection against any forms of Russian terror-the appeal of Vladimir Zelensky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/vidbudovana-zmicznena-ukrayina-cze-zahyshhenist-vid-bud-yakyh-form-rosijskogo-teroru-zvernennya-prezydenta-volodymyra-zelenskogo/
The European Commission proposes to allocate € 50 billion financial assistance to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/yevrokomisiya-proponuye-vydilyty-ukrayini-e50-mlrd-finansovoyi-dopomogy/
Equal-Rivne: Ministry of Veterans invites veterans and their families to the role of veteran assistant
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/rivnyj-rivnomu-minveteraniv-zaproshuye-veteraniv-ta-chleniv-yihnih-simej-na-rol-pomichnyka-veterana/
Short. War. Day 482. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/korotko-vijna-den-482-videodajdzhest/
Zelensky will tell about aspects of transformation of Ukraine at the London Conference on Reconstruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3725544-zelenskij-rozpovist-pro-aspekti-transformacii-ukraini-na-londonskij-konferencii-z-vidbudovi.html
Russia does not provide any official information about Ukrainian prisoners - a coordination
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725558-rosia-ne-nadae-zodnoi-oficijnoi-informacii-pro-ukrainskih-polonenih-koordstab.html
The 92nd Brigade's mouthpiece's mouth has destroyed Russian appliances for millions of dollars in two days
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725557-rota-bezpilotnikiv-92i-brigadi-za-dva-dni-znisila-rosijskoi-tehniki-na-miljoni-dolariv.html
The 92nd Brigade's mouthpiece's mouth has destroyed Russian appliances for millions of dollars in two days
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725557-rota-bezpilotnikiv-92i-brigadi-za-dva-dni-znisila-rosijskoi-tehniki-na-miljoni-dolariv.html
Russia does not provide any official information about Ukrainian prisoners - a coordination
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725558-rosia-ne-nadae-zodnoi-oficijnoi-informacii-pro-ukrainskih-polonenih-koordstab.html
The UN Secretary General called on to continue the grain agreement blocked by Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725559-gensek-oon-zaklikav-prodovziti-zernovu-ugodu-aku-blokue-rosia.html
The enemy brought out a combat duty of the overwarf rocket launcher
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/vorog-vyviv-na-bojove-cherguvannya-nadvodnyj-raketonosij/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====