乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-04-05

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Kamyanka, Pietro-Ivanivka, Novomolinsk, Dvorichny, to ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4407
AT LIMAN DIRETIIN RUSSIAN Army Shelled Makeevka, Nedske, Kreminna, Dibrova, Bigorivka of ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4408
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarka, Bogdan ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4409
JSC Avdiivka And Marynka Directiones Roussian Army Shelled Avdiivka, Vodyane, Severne, Netha ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4410
JSC Shaktarske Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Novomikhailivka, Coal, Wondering, Golden ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4411
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Olhivske, Huliaipole, Charivne, B...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4412
Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Donetsk region, Zaporizhzhya region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region (...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42613
Zaporizka Oblast(01:27). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42618
Donetsk Oblast(01:30). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42619
The Netherlands has allocated a 274 million euros aid for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/niderlandy-vydilyly-ukrayini-paket-dopomogy-na-274-miljony-yevro/
As a result of the establishment of an unlicensed program, a cyberincident has occurred - the State Secretariat of Communications
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/vnaslidok-vstanovlennya-neliczenzijnoyi-programy-stavsya-kiberinczydent-derzhspeczzvyazku/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Denmark and Norway for providing arts
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/volodymyr-zelenskyj-podyakuvav-daniyi-ta-norvegiyi-za-nadannya-artsnaryadiv/
Warsaw discussed the harmonization of the Ukrainian cybersecurity system with EU standards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/u-varshavi-obgovoryly-garmonizacziyu-ukrayinskoyi-systemy-kiberbezpeky-zi-standartamy-yes/
In Ukraine, a unique humanitarian mine project will begin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/v-ukrayini-rozpochnetsya-unikalnyj-proyekt-z-gumanitarnogo-rozminuvannya/
Dmytro Kuleba discussed with Josep Borrel steps to accelerate the purchase of ammunition for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/dmytro-kuleba-obgovoryv-z-zhozepom-borrelem-kroky-dlya-pryskorennya-zakupivli-boyeprypasiv-dlya-ukrayiny/
In Ukraine a day as a result of Russian shelling killed five 8217;
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/v-ukrayini-za-dobu-vnaslidok-rosijskyh-obstriliv-zagynuly-pyat-czyvilnyh/
The enemy continues to apply from 10 to 20 airbombs a day across the line of demarcation - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/protyvnyk-prodovzhuye-zastosovuvaty-vid-10-do-20-aviabomb-za-dobu-po-vsij-liniyi-rozmezhuvannya-yurij-ignat/
US support and military assistance is one of the key to our success in the battlefield - Andriy Shevchenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/pidtrymka-ta-vijskova-dopomoga-ssha-ye-odniyeyu-z-klyuchovyh-dlya-nashyh-uspihiv-na-poli-boyu-andrij-shevchenko/
For Ukraine is very important comprehensive American support - Head of State
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/dlya-nas-duzhe-vazhlyva-vsebichna-amerykanska-pidtrymka-glava-derzhavy/
SES units neutralized 266 explosive items during the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/pidrozdily-dsns-zneshkodyly-266-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-protyagom-doby/
Drained the enemy of the Armed Forces aircraft - exposed Russian agent
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/zlyvav-vorogu-roztashuvannya-litakiv-zsu-vykryto-rosijskogo-agenta/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Russian evil will fall here in Ukraine, and will no longer be able to rise
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/volodymyr-zelenskyj-rosijske-zlo-vpade-same-tut-v-ukrayini-i-bilshe-ne-zmozhe-pidnyatysya/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: Almost 17,000 crimes against National Security have been documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-majzhe-17-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-naczbezpeky-7/
The lack of communication with the Russian Federation complicates the receipt of reliable data on prisoners of war - coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/vidsutnist-komunikacziyi-z-rf-uskladnyuye-otrymannya-dostovirnoyi-informacziyi-shhodo-vijskovopolonenyh-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
There were 6 carriers of the Caliber Caliber for combat duty in the Black and Mediterranean Seas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/na-bojove-cherguvannya-v-chornomu-ta-seredzemnomu-moryah-vyjshlo-6-nosiyiv-krylatyh-raket-kalibr/
In Kupyansk-Liman direction, our defenders destroyed two T-72 tanks, two BMPs and ammunition composition-Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/na-kupyansko-lymanskomu-napryamku-nashi-zahysnyky-znyshhyly-dva-tanky-t-72-dvi-bmp-i-sklad-boyeprypasiv-sergij-cherevatyj/
The SBU exposed the Russian financial pyramid in Ukraine for almost $ 40 million
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/sbu-vykryla-v-ukrayini-rosijsku-finansovu-piramidu-na-majzhe-40-mln-dolariv/
The enemy dropped ammunition with a chemical in the area of water
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/vorog-skynuv-boyeprypasy-z-himichnoyu-rechovynoyu-v-rajoni-vodyanogo/
Prime Minister of Ukraine, Viecekanzler Germany and German business discussed the expansion of presence in the Ukrainian market
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/premyer-ministr-ukrayiny-vicze-kanczler-frn-ta-nimeczkyj-biznes-obgovoryly-rozshyrennya-prysutnosti-na-ukrayinskomu-rynku/
Bakhmut remains the direction of the main blow of the enemy - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/bahmut-zalyshayetsya-napryamkom-golovnogo-udaru-voroga-sergij-cherevatyj/
During the day, rescuers have almost two hundred times left for the elimination of the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-majzhe-dvisti-raziv-vyyizdyly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-3/
How, who and why did NATO make 74 years ago
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/yak-hto-i-chomu-stvoryv-nato-74-roky-tomu/
The enemy is looking for a new tactic and can resort to any tricks to bypass our air defense-Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/vorog-vyshukuye-novu-taktyku-i-mozhe-vdavatys-do-bud-yakyh-hytroshhiv-shhob-obijty-nashu-ppo-nataliya-gumenyuk/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed with the President of the European Commission another package of sanctions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/volodymyr-zelenskyj-obgovoryv-z-prezydentom-yevrokomisiyi-chergovyj-paket-sankczij/
I am sure that the decision to give Ukraine Western aircraft will certainly be made - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/vpevnenyj-shho-rishennya-pro-nadannya-ukrayini-zahidnyh-litakiv-neodminno-bude-uhvalene-oleksij-reznikov/
The problem of mine safety will be relevant for Ukraine for decades
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/problema-protyminnoyi-bezpeky-bude-aktualnoyu-dlya-ukrayiny-protyagom-desyatkiv-rokiv/
Multi -confessionality is a fundamental principle for military chaplaincy service - Alexey Tereshchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/multykonfesijnist-ye-osnovopolozhnym-prynczypom-dlya-sluzhby-vijskovogo-kapelanstva-oleksij-tereshhuk/
Honnery UAVs fly small batches and attack from different directions - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/vorozhi-bpla-litayut-nevelykymy-partiyamy-ta-atakuyut-z-riznyh-napryamkiv-yurij-ignat/
Dmytro Kuleba: NATO Membership in NATO is the best way to guarantee Euro -Atlantic security
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/dmytro-kuleba-chlenstvo-ukrayiny-v-nato-ye-najkrashhym-sposobom-garantuvaty-yevroatlantychnu-bezpeku/
Metropolitan Epiphanius and Michael Pompeo visited the wounded defenders of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/mytropolyt-epifanij-ta-majkl-pompeo-vidvidaly-poranenyh-zahysnykiv-ukrayiny/
The best counteraction to aviation planning bombs is to destroy or drive away the planes of the Russian Federation used by Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/najkrashha-protydiya-aviaczijnym-planuyuchym-bombam-znyshhyty-abo-vidignaty-litaky-rf-yaki-zastosovuyut-yih-yurij-ignat/
Today Finland has become a 31st NATO member-a Secretary General's official statement
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/sogodni-finlyandiya-stala-31-m-chlenom-nato-oficzijna-zayava-genseka/
Josep Borrel after meeting with Anthony Blinken: we do everything possible for Ukraine to win
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/zhozep-borrel-pislya-zustrichi-z-entoni-blinkenom-robymo-vse-mozhlyve-aby-ukrayina-peremagala/
Norway has introduced a new package of sanctions against
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/norvegiya-zaprovadyla-novyj-paket-sankczij-proty-rosiyi/
Who can be a military chaplain
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/hto-mozhe-buty-vijskovym-kapelanom/
The President by decree changed the composition of the National Security and Defense Council of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/prezydent-ukazom-zminyv-sklad-rady-naczionalnoyi-bezpeky-i-oborony-ukrayiny/
The theme of the Holodomor should become one of the leading areas of activity of Ukrainian cultural diplomacy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/tema-golodomoru-maye-staty-odnym-iz-providnyh-napryamkiv-diyalnosti-ukrayinskoyi-kulturnoyi-dyplomatiyi/
We and the great invasion, in the spring and every autumn recorded information campaigns of the Russian Federation on the topic of "summons" and conscription - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/my-i-do-velykogo-vtorgnennya-shhovesny-ta-shhooseni-fiksuvaly-informaczijni-kampaniyi-rf-shhodo-temy-povistky-ta-pryzovu-ganna-malyar/
Congratulations to our Finnish friends on NATO's accession - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/vitayemo-nashyh-finskyh-druziv-zi-vstupom-do-nato-oleksij-reznikov/
Aviation of Defense Forces has struck 7 beats by the occupants' concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-7-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv-3/
The Armed Forces congratulated the community of NATO countries with the 74th anniversary of the creation of this Military-Political Union
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/zsu-pryvitaly-narody-krayin-nato-z-74-yu-richnyczeyu-z-dnya-stvorennya-czogo-vijskovo-politychnogo-soyuzu/
Kyiv region honored memory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/kyyivshhyna-vshanuvala-pamyat-zagyblyh-zahysnykiv-ukrayiny/
Russian aggression proves: only collective preventive security guarantees can be reliable - the Presidential Appeal of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/04/rosijska-agresiya-dovodyt-lyshe-kolektyvni-preventyvni-garantiyi-bezpeky-mozhut-buty-nadijnymy-zvernennya-prezydenta-ukrayiny/
The smuggling of goods at the border with Ukraine has decreased significantly since the beginning of the invasion - Demchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692202-kontrabanda-tovariv-na-kordoni-z-ukrainou-z-pocatku-vtorgnenna-znacno-zmensilasa-demcenko.html
Ukraine received as a humanitarian aid for measles vaccine, medicines and protective suits
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692198-ukraina-otrimala-ak-gumanitarnu-dopomogu-vakcinu-vid-koru-liki-ta-zahisni-kostumi.html
Real won Barcelona and reached the Final of the Spanish Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692206-real-peremig-barselonu-i-vijsov-do-finalu-kubka-ispanii.html
Klimenko presented state awards to the Azov Regiment to the soldiers of the Azov Regiment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692195-klimenko-vruciv-derzavni-nagorodi-bijcam-polku-azov.html
US exhibit: States have the same plans as in Ukraine - to expel Russians from Ukrainian land
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692205-eksposol-ssa-u-stativ-taki-sami-plani-ak-i-v-ukraini-vignati-rosian-z-ukrainskoi-zemli.html
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Masutivka, Kupyansk, Kamyanka and Pershotravneve o...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4415
Russia not win in Europe when Ukrainian and Pole stand side by side-Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692203-rosii-ne-vigrati-u-evropi-koli-ukrainec-i-polak-stoat-plicoplic-zelenskij.html
In Kyiv region by the end of this day and tomorrow morning there will be fog
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692200-na-kiivsini-do-kinca-ciei-dobi-ta-zavtra-vranci-bude-tuman.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Stelmakhivka, Torske, Siversk, Rozdolivka and Spirne ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4416
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Minkivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarkov ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4417
The child was returned to Ukraine, which the Russian Federation deported from Kherson region - Lubinets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692166-v-ukrainu-povernuli-ditinu-aku-rf-deportuvala-z-hersonsini-lubinec.html
At Avdiyivka and Maryinka directions Russian army shelled Novobakhmutivka, Novokalynove, Avdi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4418
In the Kherson region, electricity supply was restored in the village where there was no light for more than seven months
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692197-na-hersonsini-vidnovili-elektropostacanna-u-seli-de-svitla-ne-bulo-ponad-sim-misaciv.html
JSC Shaktarske Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vage, Novomykhailivka, Villagledar, Wondering ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4419
In Kiev at the Main Postamt opened an exhibition of foreign postal stamps "Solidaries with Ukraine"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3692196-u-kievi-na-golovpostamti-vidkrili-vistavku-inozemnih-postovih-marok-solidarni-z-ukrainou.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Novodanylivka, Orikhiv, Scherbaky...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4420
The Ukrainian military participated in NATO -General Staff training course
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692185-ukrainski-vijskovi-vzali-ucast-v-navcalnomu-kursi-nato-genstab.html
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4421
Zelensky invited Polish business to rebuild Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692194-zelenskij-zaprosiv-polskij-biznes-do-vidbudovi-ukraini.html
Mirny-21 tape is available for viewing on streaming platforms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3692192-stricka-mirnij21-dostupna-do-peregladu-na-strimingovih-platformah.html
On the eve of Easter holidays, the passenger traffic of citizens to Ukraine - Demchenko increased
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692029-naperedodni-velikodnih-svat-zbilsivsa-pasaziropotik-gromadan-v-ukrainu-demcenko.html
The world must demand to withdraw Russian troops from all over Ukraine - Duda
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692190-svit-mae-vimagati-vivesti-rosijski-vijska-z-usiei-teritorii-ukraini-duda.html
The first ladies of Ukraine and Poland visited the Warsaw Refugee Assistance Center
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692186-persi-ledi-ukraini-ta-polsi-vidvidali-varsavskij-centr-dopomogi-bizencam.html
Ukraine will be able to export less grain by highways if unlocked morts - Solsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692184-ukraina-zmoze-eksportuvati-mense-zerna-avtoslahami-akso-budut-rozblokovani-morporti-solskij.html
The profile committee of the Council supports the SPFU reorganization
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692183-profilnij-komitet-radi-pidtrimue-zakonoproekt-pro-reorganizaciu-fdmu.html
In the center of Moscow burned the building of the Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692182-u-centri-moskvi-gorila-budivla-minoboroni.html
Freedom of Ukraine and Poland is a guarantee of freedom for neighboring countries - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692179-svoboda-ukraini-ta-polsi-e-garantieu-svobodi-dla-susidnih-krain-zelenskij.html
Since the beginning of the year, the consolidated budget has received more than ₴ 253 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692177-z-pocatku-roku-do-zvedenogo-budzetu-nadijslo-ponad-253-milardi.html
Zelensky believes that Poland will show its leadership in creating an aviation coalition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692175-zelenskij-virit-so-polsa-proavit-svoe-liderstvo-u-stvorenni-aviacijnoi-koalicii.html
Zelensky in Poland: Four colors of our flags stronger than Russian tricolor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692174-zelenskij-u-polsi-cotiri-kolori-nasih-praporiv-micnisi-za-rosijskij-trikolor.html
Donor Coordination Platform of Ukraine held a second meeting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3692173-koordinacijna-platforma-donoriv-ukraini-provela-druge-zasidanna.html
The White House denied the Kremlin's statements about seemingly involvement of the event in the blows of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692170-bilij-dim-sprostuvav-zaavi-kremla-pro-nacebto-pricetnist-zahodu-do-udariv-po-rosii.html
Hockey: Ukraine won Hungary by Bullits in the framework of preparation for the World Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692169-hokej-ukraina-peremogla-ugorsinu-po-bullitah-v-ramkah-pidgotovki-do-cs.html
The Czech Republic will transfer property from army warehouses to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692167-cehia-peredast-ukraini-majno-z-armijskih-skladiv.html
Cherevaty: Russians use in Bakhmut area improved Fab-500 aircraft
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692159-cerevatij-rosiani-vikoristovuut-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-vdoskonaleni-aviabombi-fab500.html
Switzerland is outraged by the UN Ombudsmenka West, which is under the ICS
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692157-svejcaria-oburena-ucastu-v-zahodi-v-oon-ombudsmenki-rosii-aka-perebuvae-pid-slidstvom-mks.html
The draft law on the activities of religious organizations will protect Ukraine - Helensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692201-zakonoproekt-sodo-dialnosti-religijnih-organizacij-ubezpecit-ukrainu-elenskij.html
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Zaporizhzhya region, Donetsk region, Kherson, Kherson region (...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42626
Donetsk Oblast(08:20). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42631
Donetsk Oblast(09:11). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42633
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Leonivka of Chernihiv reg...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4414
Russian army shelled Kostiantynivka with Tornado MLRS
https://twitter.com/vbhljvendjtve1/status/1643532741156143104
Russia and the United States are now in a phase of hot conflict, - said Russian Deputy Foreig...
https://t.me/bbbreaking/152238
One killed, more wounded as result of Russian shelling of Velyka Novosilka with tanks
https://twitter.com/UKRINFORM/status/1643553046629163008
President of Ukraine Zelensky met with President of Poland Duda in Warsaw during official visit
https://twitter.com/prezydentpl/status/1643550355882377221
Donetsk Oblast(12:03). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42637
2 person killed, 4 wounded as result of Russian shelling of Oleksiivo-Druzhkivka town with cl...
https://twitter.com/hochu_dodomu/status/1643560695298965504
Damage after mortar shelling in Novaya Tavolzhanka village of Belgorod region
https://t.me/zhest_belgorod/24593
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(13:07). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42639
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(13:58). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/23615
Donetsk Oblast(13:58). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42641
Russian army shelled Nikopol district 3 times in 24 hours
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/39320
Donetsk Oblast(14:42). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42645
Russian army shelled Beryslav with artillery, 1 person wounded
https://t.me/hueviyherson/37546
Putin convened Security Council with heads of authorities of occupied regions of Ukraine
https://t.me/rusbrief/106585
Putin at Security Council calls to deal with the resistance at occupied territories of Ukraine
https://t.me/rusbrief/106592
US Secretary of State: What we want is a just peace in Ukraine, and we will continue to provi...
https://twitter.com/Step_Agency/status/1643616051345620994
Blinken: We are focused on providing Ukraine with everything it needs to defend itself and re...
https://twitter.com/Step_Agency/status/1643616538124079112
Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs accuses Ukraine in interference with Russian communication...
https://t.me/bbbreaking/152287
Russian media report Ukrainian light plane crashed in Briansk region of Russia, pilot alive a...
https://t.me/tipical32/12334
Russia and the US are in the hot phase of the war - Russian MFA Lavrov
https://t.me/bbbreaking/152311
NATO will assist Ukraine to restrain further Russian aggression - Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692014-nato-nadast-ukraini-dopomogu-dla-strimuvanna-podalsoi-rosijskoi-agresii-stoltenberg.html
Zelensky discussed with Duda Strengthening of the Armed Forces and invited Poland to join the reconstruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692016-zelenskij-obgovoriv-iz-dudou-posilenna-zsu-i-zaprosiv-polsu-dolucitisa-do-vidbudovi.html
The German government disagrees with Vicecanzler's words about slow military assistance to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692019-v-uradi-frn-ne-pogodzuutsa-zi-slovami-vicekanclera-pro-povilnu-vijskovu-dopomogu-ukraini.html
Italy's Expremier Berlusconi got to intensive care
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692020-ekspremer-italii-berluskoni-potrapiv-do-reanimacii.html
Poland and Ukraine are working on a new good neighborhood agreement - Duda
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692018-polsa-ta-ukraina-pracuut-nad-novim-dogovorom-pro-dobrosusidstvo-duda.html
Zelenskaya met with Ukrainian doctors who complete their studies in Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692022-zelenska-zustrilasa-z-ukrainskimi-medikami-aki-zaversuut-navcanna-u-polsi.html
The victory of Ukraine in the war is the common interests of NATO and partners - Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692024-peremoga-ukraini-u-vijni-vidpovidae-spilnim-interesam-nato-i-partneriv-stoltenberg.html
The Russians are uncontrollably cutting down the forest in the captured territories - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692032-rosiani-bezkontrolno-virubuut-lis-na-zahoplenih-teritoriah-malar.html
Regional unions for decolonization from Russia are no less important than global - political scientist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692026-regionalni-souzi-dla-dekolonizacii-vid-rosii-ne-mens-vazlivi-niz-globalni-politolog.html
The Izmail port in March reworked the record volume of cargo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692027-izmailskij-port-u-berezni-pererobiv-rekordnij-obsag-vantaziv.html
Dynamo football players visited Ukrainian defenders in hospitals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692028-futbolisti-dinamo-vidvidali-ukrainskih-zahisnikiv-u-spitalah.html
NABU confirmed that searches in Kharkiv VCA were conducted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692030-u-nabu-pidtverdili-so-provodat-obsuki-u-harkivskij-vca.html
Bab stopped illegal production of cigarettes in Odesa region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692031-beb-zupinilo-nezakonne-virobnictvo-cigarok-na-odesini.html
A 120-meter bridge on the road to Romania is installed in the Chernivtsi region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3692033-u-cerniveckij-oblasti-vstanovluut-120metrovij-mist-na-dorozi-do-rumunii.html
In Kharkiv, two deputies were suspected - more than 700 tons of sunflower were taken to the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692039-na-harkivsini-ogolosili-pidozru-dvom-deputatam-vivezli-ponad-700-tonn-sonasnika-do-rf.html
Ukrnafta can restore about 500 indisputable wells
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692035-ukrnafta-moze-vidnoviti-blizko-500-nediucih-sverdlovin.html
China has sent an aircraft carrier group to Taiwan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692040-kitaj-napraviv-avianosnu-grupu-do-tajvanu.html
Lubinets presented an annual report to the profile committee of the Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692041-lubinec-predstaviv-soricnu-dopovid-pered-profilnim-komitetom-radi.html
FREE Wi-Fi will appear at the checkpoints on the western border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692042-u-punktah-propusku-na-zahidnomu-kordoni-zavitsa-bezkostovnij-wifi.html
NATO can set a minimum volume of defensive costs at 2% of GDP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692043-nato-moze-vstanoviti-minimalnij-obsag-oboronnih-vitrat-na-rivni-2-vid-vvp.html
Deputies have finalized the draft law on "restarting" customs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692044-deputati-doopracuvali-zakonoproekt-sodo-perezavantazenna-mitnici.html
In spite of the ISS Order: Russia has instructed its Ombudsmen to tell the UN about the abduction of Ukrainian children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692052-popri-order-mks-rosia-dorucila-svoij-ombudsmenci-rozpovidati-v-oon-pro-vikradenna-ukrainskih-ditej.html
The enemy fired at Berislav in Kherson region, a civilian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692049-vorog-obstrilav-berislav-na-hersonsini-postrazdav-civilnij.html
MP Radin told about one of the priorities in the development of anti -corruption infrastructure
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692050-deputatka-radina-rozpovila-pro-odin-iz-prioritetiv-u-rozbudovi-antikorupcijnoi-infrastrukturi.html
NATO does not affect Ukraine's operational decisions on the battlefield - Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692055-nato-ne-vplivae-na-operativni-risenna-ukraini-na-poli-bou-stoltenberg.html
DPSU: Russia removes half of its military from Belarus - to throw to the east of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692045-dpsu-rosia-vivodit-z-bilorusi-polovinu-svoih-vijskovih-perekidatime-na-shid-ukraini.html
The Sale of Yalta Military Bonds was launched in the Action Application
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692056-u-zastosunku-dia-zapustili-prodaz-vijskovi-obligacii-alta.html
Europol delayed more than a hundred people during the operation of theft of personal data
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692068-evropol-zatrimav-ponad-sotnu-ludej-pid-cas-operacii-sodo-kradizki-osobistih-danih.html
In Kiev, the Russian was suspected for justifying the armed aggression of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3692058-u-kievi-ogolosili-pidozru-rosianci-za-vipravdovuvanna-zbrojnoi-agresii-rf.html
NATO doors for Ukraine are open, but first it is necessary to help it defeat the aggressor - Blinken
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692059-dveri-nato-dla-ukraini-vidcineni-ale-spocatku-treba-dopomogti-ij-peremogti-agresora-blinken.html
The annual competition "Library of the Year - 2023" was announced in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3692060-v-ukraini-ogolosili-soricnij-konkurs-biblioteka-roku-2023.html
More than 300 shelling per month: Demchenko told about the attacks of the Russian Federation on three border areas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692066-ponad-300-obstriliv-za-misac-demcenko-rozpoviv-pro-ataki-rf-na-tri-prikordonni-oblasti.html
Ukrainian Youth lost Sweden players in Euro-2023 qualification
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692063-ukrainska-molodizka-prograla-futbolistkam-svecii-u-kvalifikacii-evro2023.html
In Latvia, the Kremlin's impact architecture was broken down - the State Security Service
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692078-u-latvii-rozpalasa-vibudovana-arhitektura-vplivu-kremla-sluzba-derzbezpeki.html
In Kropyvnytskyi there is an exhibition of Easter eggs in the helmets of special forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3692070-u-kropivnickomu-provodat-vistavku-pisanok-u-solomah-specpriznacenciv.html
In Greece, the Ukrainian diaspora held a charity fair
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3692069-u-grecii-ukrainska-diaspora-provela-blagodijnij-armarok.html
Stoltenberg named two preconditions for Ukraine membership in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692072-stoltenberg-nazvav-dvi-peredumovi-dla-clenstva-ukraini-v-nato.html
US support efforts for peace in Ukraine but not "any" peace - Blinken
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692073-ssa-pidtrimuut-zusilla-zadla-miru-v-ukraini-ale-ne-budakogo-miru-blinken.html
Latvia financed the restoration of seven homes in the village of Yagidny, where there was a "basement of death"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3692074-latvia-profinansuvala-vidnovlenna-semi-budinkiv-u-seli-agidnomu-de-buv-pidval-smerti.html
Crimean was called on to continue to inform the intelligence of the deployment of Russian military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3692077-krimcan-zaklikali-j-nadali-informuvati-rozvidku-pro-dislokaciu-rosijskih-vijskovih.html
In the Kyiv region awarded the drivers of school buses, which rescued residents at the beginning of the invasion of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692079-na-kiivsini-nagorodili-vodiiv-skilnih-avtobusiv-aki-ratuvali-meskanciv-na-pocatku-vtorgnenna-rf.html
DTEK has shipped over 180,000 tonnes of coal for state TPPs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692081-dtek-vidvantaziv-ponad-180-tisac-tonn-vugilla-dla-derzavnih-tes.html
In Lviv, the owner of the premises of the UOC MP church terminated the lease agreement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692083-u-lvovi-vlasnica-primisen-cerkvi-upc-mp-rozirvala-dogovir-orendi.html
Sudakov and Shakhtar signed a new contract
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692086-sudakov-i-sahtar-pidpisali-novij-kontrakt.html
Latvia returned compulsory military service
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3691984-u-latvii-povernuli-obovazkovu-vijskovu-sluzbu.html
Refusal is impossible: Vereshchuk about forced evacuation of children from 21 settlements of Donetsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692088-vidmova-nemozliva-veresuk-pro-primusovu-evakuaciu-ditej-z-21-naselenogo-punktu-doneccini.html
Germany provided Ukraine with 800 tons of transformer oil
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692089-nimeccina-nadala-ukraini-800-tonn-transformatornoi-olivi.html
In Kiev presented the project "#I really_istoria", which will debunk the pro -Kremlin narratives
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692090-u-kievi-prezentuvali-proekt-naspravdiistoria-akij-rozvincuvatime-prokremlivski-narativi.html
Ukraine and Poland will open a new railway transition - Moravetsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692096-ukraina-ta-polsa-vidkriut-novij-zaliznicnij-perehid-moraveckij.html
In Kharkiv region, a 16-year-old guy exploded on an explosive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692093-na-harkivsini-16ricnij-hlopec-pidirvavsa-na-vibuhivci.html
Japan will provide partners in the region military equipment to enhance China's protection
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692095-aponia-nadast-partneram-u-regioni-vijskove-obladnanna-dla-posilenna-zahistu-vid-kitau.html
Ukrainian military destroyed the Russian helicopter KA-52
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692094-ukrainski-vijskovi-znisili-rosijskij-vertolit-ka52.html
Finland's accession to NATO increased the restraint of Russian aggression - Blinken
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692097-vstup-finlandii-do-nato-posiliv-strimuvanna-rosijskoi-agresii-blinken.html
Zelensky: Agree with Poland an important defensive package
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692100-zelenskij-pogodili-z-polseu-vazlivij-oboronnij-paket.html
The deputy chairman of Kharkiv Ova confirmed the search of NABU in her office
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692099-zastupnica-golovi-harkivskoi-ova-pidtverdila-obsuk-nabu-v-ii-kabineti.html
The Museum of Warsaw Uprising was restarted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3692104-u-muzei-varsavskogo-povstanna-perezapustili-ukrainomovnij-audiogid-zelenska.html
The Armed Forces Aviation has made 12 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692105-aviacia-zsu-zavdala-12-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzenna-voroga.html
Turkey is concerned about the prospect of strengthening battles in Ukraine and calls for negotiations - the Foreign Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692107-tureccina-sturbovana-perspektivou-posilenna-boiv-v-ukraini-ta-zaklikae-do-peregovoriv-glava-mzs.html
Ukraine will take part in the architectural biennial 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3692106-ukraina-vizme-ucast-u-bienale-arhitekturi-2023.html
Vorskla and Ingulets will open the 20th round of the Football Premier League of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692110-vorskla-ta-ingulec-vidkriut-20j-tur-futbolnoi-premerligi-ukraini.html
Zelensky discussed with Moravtsky assistance in finding and returning from the Russian Federation of Ukrainian children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692111-zelenskij-obgovoriv-iz-moraveckim-dopomogi-u-posuku-ta-povernenni-z-rf-ukrainskih-ditej.html
German Minister of Economy: We have data that Russia is bypassing sanctions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692114-ministr-ekonomiki-nimeccini-u-nas-e-dani-so-rosia-obhodit-sankcii.html
President insists on the creation of an aviation coalition for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692117-prezident-napolagae-na-stvorenni-aviacijnoi-koalicii-dla-ukraini.html
The Russian military fired at two utility companies in Kherson
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692119-vijskovi-rf-obstrilali-dva-komunalni-pidpriemstva-u-hersoni.html
In the Tokmak area and peaceful, explosions - mayor of Melitopol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692120-u-rajoni-tokmaka-ta-mirnogo-lunaut-vibuhi-mer-melitopola.html
Avenger's American SCRs arrived for combat duty to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692121-amerikanski-zrk-avenger-pribuli-na-bojove-cerguvanna-do-ukraini.html
Moravetsky: When Ukraine will be in NATO, we will be in greater security
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692116-moraveckij-koli-ukraina-bude-v-nato-mi-budemo-u-bilsij-bezpeci.html
The consequences of pension indexation Ukrainians will see in June - PFU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692122-naslidki-indeksacii-pensij-ukrainci-pobacat-u-cervni-pfu.html
UEFA President - About the Admission of the Russians: Until the war is over, I see no opportunity to change something
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692118-prezident-uefa-pro-dopusk-rosian-poki-ne-zakincitsa-vijna-ne-bacu-mozlivosti-sos-minati.html
Zelensky in Warsaw honored the memory of the victims of the Smolensk tragedy and the dead soldiers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692124-zelenskij-u-varsavi-vsanuvav-pamat-zertv-smolenskoi-tragedii-i-zagiblih-soldat.html
Russia discusses the deportation of Ukrainian children without official broadcasting in the UN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692126-rosia-obgovorue-v-oon-deportaciu-ukrainskih-ditej-bez-oficijnoi-translacii.html
88 invaders, three drones and ammunition composition - the Armed Forces were destroyed in Bakhmut.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692130-v-rajoni-bahmuta-znisili-88-zagarbnikiv-tri-bezpilotniki-i-sklad-boepripasiv-zsu.html
Moravetsky called the unleashed war on the "beginning of the end of aggressive Russia"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692129-moraveckij-nazvav-rozvazanu-vijnu-pocatkom-kinca-agresivnoi-rosii.html
Zelensky congratulated the Jews on the Pesach
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692132-zelenskij-privitav-iudeiv-z-pesahom.html
In Lviv, a full -wheel drive Bagi was developed for the military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3692085-u-lvovi-rozrobili-povnoprividne-bagi-dla-vijskovih.html
In Transcarpathia, an earthquake was recorded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692193-na-zakarpatti-zafiksuvali-zemletrus.html
Zinchenko's Ukrainian is the least folds in the APL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692135-ukrainec-zincenko-najmense-folit-v-apl.html
Ukraine will be the first crisis region where Germany will provide guarantees for investors
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692136-ukraina-bude-persim-krizovim-regionom-de-nimeccina-nadavatime-garantii-dla-investoriv.html
It is impossible to give the Kremlin to boil Ukraine and Poland - Moravetsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692139-ne-mozna-dati-kremlu-rozsvariti-ukrainu-ta-polsu-moraveckij.html
In Ukraine tomorrow is expected rains, in the western regions - with wet snow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3691953-v-ukraini-zavtra-ocikuutsa-dosi-u-zahidnih-oblastah-z-mokrim-snigom.html
Problems of Polish farmers: Zelensky assures that the issue will be resolved in the coming days to the week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692141-problemi-polskih-fermeriv-zelenskij-zapevnae-so-pitanna-virisat-u-najblizci-dnitizni.html
49 countries condemned Russia for abuse of the status of a permanent UN Council Member
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692144-49-krain-zasudili-rosiu-za-zlovzivanna-statusom-postijnogo-clena-radbezu-oon.html
US exhibition explained why China did not dare to send Russia weapons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692146-eksposol-ssa-poasniv-comu-kitaj-ne-navazivsa-vidpraviti-rosii-zbrou.html
In Khmelnitsky, another parish went to the PCCU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692147-u-hmelnickomu-se-odna-parafia-perejsla-do-pcu.html
In Poland, they signed a document on the reconstruction of Ukraine - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3692152-u-polsi-pidpisali-dokument-pro-vidbudovu-ukraini-zelenskij.html
Athletes from Russia and Belarus who have missed qualification will not receive additional quotas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692149-atleti-z-rosii-i-bilorusi-aki-propustili-kvalifikaciu-ne-otrimaut-dodatkovih-kvot.html
Russians fired Nikopol from artillery, there is a destruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692151-rosiani-obstrilali-nikopol-z-artilerii-e-rujnuvanna.html
Damage to Ukraine's energy infrastructure has exceeded $ 10 billion - UNDP and World Bank
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692153-zbitki-energeticnoi-infrastrukturi-ukraini-perevisili-10-milardiv-ocinka-proon-i-svitovogo-banku.html
The draft law on the activities of religious organizations will protect Ukraine - Helensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692201-zakonoproekt-sodo-dialnosti-religijnih-organizacij-ubezpecit-ukrainu-elenskij.html
Switzerland is outraged by the UN Ombudsmenka West, which is under the ICS
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692157-svejcaria-oburena-ucastu-v-zahodi-v-oon-ombudsmenki-rosii-aka-perebuvae-pid-slidstvom-mks.html
Cherevaty: Russians use in Bakhmut area improved Fab-500 aircraft
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692159-cerevatij-rosiani-vikoristovuut-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-vdoskonaleni-aviabombi-fab500.html
The Czech Republic will transfer property from army warehouses to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692167-cehia-peredast-ukraini-majno-z-armijskih-skladiv.html
Hockey: Ukraine won Hungary by Bullits in the framework of preparation for the World Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692169-hokej-ukraina-peremogla-ugorsinu-po-bullitah-v-ramkah-pidgotovki-do-cs.html
The White House denied the Kremlin's statements about seemingly involvement of the event in the blows of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692170-bilij-dim-sprostuvav-zaavi-kremla-pro-nacebto-pricetnist-zahodu-do-udariv-po-rosii.html
Donor Coordination Platform of Ukraine held a second meeting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3692173-koordinacijna-platforma-donoriv-ukraini-provela-druge-zasidanna.html
Zelensky in Poland: Four colors of our flags stronger than Russian tricolor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692174-zelenskij-u-polsi-cotiri-kolori-nasih-praporiv-micnisi-za-rosijskij-trikolor.html
Zelensky believes that Poland will show its leadership in creating an aviation coalition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692175-zelenskij-virit-so-polsa-proavit-svoe-liderstvo-u-stvorenni-aviacijnoi-koalicii.html
Since the beginning of the year, the consolidated budget has received more than ₴ 253 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692177-z-pocatku-roku-do-zvedenogo-budzetu-nadijslo-ponad-253-milardi.html
Freedom of Ukraine and Poland is a guarantee of freedom for neighboring countries - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692179-svoboda-ukraini-ta-polsi-e-garantieu-svobodi-dla-susidnih-krain-zelenskij.html
In the center of Moscow burned the building of the Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692182-u-centri-moskvi-gorila-budivla-minoboroni.html
The profile committee of the Council supports the SPFU reorganization
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692183-profilnij-komitet-radi-pidtrimue-zakonoproekt-pro-reorganizaciu-fdmu.html
Ukraine will be able to export less grain by highways if unlocked morts - Solsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692184-ukraina-zmoze-eksportuvati-mense-zerna-avtoslahami-akso-budut-rozblokovani-morporti-solskij.html
The first ladies of Ukraine and Poland visited the Warsaw Refugee Assistance Center
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692186-persi-ledi-ukraini-ta-polsi-vidvidali-varsavskij-centr-dopomogi-bizencam.html
The world must demand to withdraw Russian troops from all over Ukraine - Duda
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692190-svit-mae-vimagati-vivesti-rosijski-vijska-z-usiei-teritorii-ukraini-duda.html
On the eve of Easter holidays, the passenger traffic of citizens to Ukraine - Demchenko increased
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692029-naperedodni-velikodnih-svat-zbilsivsa-pasaziropotik-gromadan-v-ukrainu-demcenko.html
Mirny-21 tape is available for viewing on streaming platforms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3692192-stricka-mirnij21-dostupna-do-peregladu-na-strimingovih-platformah.html
Zelensky invited Polish business to rebuild Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692194-zelenskij-zaprosiv-polskij-biznes-do-vidbudovi-ukraini.html
The Ukrainian military participated in NATO -General Staff training course
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692185-ukrainski-vijskovi-vzali-ucast-v-navcalnomu-kursi-nato-genstab.html
In Kiev at the Main Postamt opened an exhibition of foreign postal stamps "Solidaries with Ukraine"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3692196-u-kievi-na-golovpostamti-vidkrili-vistavku-inozemnih-postovih-marok-solidarni-z-ukrainou.html
In the Kherson region, electricity supply was restored in the village where there was no light for more than seven months
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692197-na-hersonsini-vidnovili-elektropostacanna-u-seli-de-svitla-ne-bulo-ponad-sim-misaciv.html
The child was returned to Ukraine, which the Russian Federation deported from Kherson region - Lubinets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692166-v-ukrainu-povernuli-ditinu-aku-rf-deportuvala-z-hersonsini-lubinec.html
The ship grouping in the Black Sea is increased - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/korabelne-ugrupovuvannya-voroga-u-chornomu-mori-zbilsheno-nataliya-gumenyuk/
In Kyiv region by the end of this day and tomorrow morning there will be fog
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692200-na-kiivsini-do-kinca-ciei-dobi-ta-zavtra-vranci-bude-tuman.html
Russia not win in Europe when Ukrainian and Pole stand side by side-Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692203-rosii-ne-vigrati-u-evropi-koli-ukrainec-i-polak-stoat-plicoplic-zelenskij.html
US exhibit: States have the same plans as in Ukraine - to expel Russians from Ukrainian land
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692205-eksposol-ssa-u-stativ-taki-sami-plani-ak-i-v-ukraini-vignati-rosian-z-ukrainskoi-zemli.html
Klimenko presented state awards to the Azov Regiment to the soldiers of the Azov Regiment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692195-klimenko-vruciv-derzavni-nagorodi-bijcam-polku-azov.html
Real won Barcelona and reached the Final of the Spanish Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692206-real-peremig-barselonu-i-vijsov-do-finalu-kubka-ispanii.html
Russian fakes last day - the center of counteraction to misinformation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/rosijski-fejky-mynuloyi-doby-czentr-protydiyi-dezinformacziyi/
Three Russian soldiers who raped a young girl during the occupation of Kharkiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/identyfikovano-troh-rosijskyh-vijskovyh-yaki-pid-chas-okupacziyi-harkivshhyny-zgvaltuvaly-molodu-divchynu/
Cannot be the norm of wars such as Russia is leading against Ukraine - the presidential speech at a joint meeting of the Senate and the House of Deputies of the National Congress of Chile
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/ne-mozhut-buty-normoyu-taki-vijny-yak-zaraz-vede-rosiya-proty-ukrayiny-vystup-prezydenta-na-spilnomu-zasidanni-senatu-j-palaty-deputativ-naczionalnogo-kongresu-chyl/
The full range of humanitarian demining works in Ukraine is estimated at $ 37.4 billion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/povnyj-kompleks-robit-iz-gumanitarnogo-rozminuvannya-v-ukrayini-oczinyuyetsya-v-374-mlrd-dolariv/
In the Donetsk region in 21 settlements, forced evacuation of children - Irina Vereshchuk was announced
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/na-donechchyni-u-21-naselenomu-punkti-ogolosheno-prymusovu-evakuacziyu-ditej-iryna-vereshhuk/
Ministry of Veterans received 15,000 applications for payment of financial assistance from the Red Cross of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/minveteraniv-otrymalo-15-tysyach-zayav-na-vyplatu-groshovoyi-dopomogy-vid-chervonogo-hresta-ukrayiny/
Increase cybersecurity: the government has approved the cyberattack response mechanism
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/posylyuyemo-kiberbezpeku-uryad-zatverdyv-mehanizm-reaguvannya-na-kiberataky/
There was a combat coordination of units of Donetsk separate territorial defense forces (video)
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/vidbulosya-bojove-zlagodzhennya-pidrozdiliv-doneczkoyi-okremoyi-brygady-syl-terytorialnoyi-oborony-video/
The Ukrainian delegation at the 67th session of the United Nations Commission from the situation of women became the "voice of truth" about the crimes of Russia-Olga Stephanishin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/ukrayinska-delegacziya-na-67-j-sesiyi-komisiyi-oon-zi-stanovyshha-zhinok-stala-golosom-pravdy-pro-zlochyny-rosiyi-olga-stefanishyna/
Defense forces repelled about 30 enemy attacks in the Bogdanivka area in Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/syly-oborony-vidbyly-blyzko-30-atak-protyvnyka-v-rajoni-bogdanivky-shho-na-donechchyni/
Our defenders have destroyed 14 hostile UAVs of the Shahaned-136
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/nashi-zahysnyky-znyshhyly-14-vorozhyh-bpla-typu-shahed-136/
Aviation of Defense Forces has struck 9 beats in the areas of focus of the occupiers and shot down the high -precision UAV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-9-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv-ta-zbyla-vysokotochnyj-bpla-typu-kub/
The occupiers are distributed to the local population for their evacuation to the Russian Federation to the Russian population
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/na-tot-okupanty-rozpovsyudzhuyut-sered-misczevogo-naselennya-lystivky-shhodo-yih-evakuacziyi-do-rf/
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated more than 500 invaders, destroyed 2 tanks and 6 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-ponad-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-2-tanky-i-6-bbm/
Pentagon's press service posted a photo of military assistance from a new package
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/pressluzhba-pentagonu-opublikuvala-foto-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-z-novogo-paketu/
Dmytro Kuleba discussed with a Spanish colleague accelerating the supplies of ammunition to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/dmytro-kuleba-obgovoryv-z-ispanskym-kolegoyu-pryskorennya-postavok-boyeprypasiv-v-ukrayinu/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
NATO extension is important for Ukraine - Alexey Danilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/rozshyrennya-nato-ye-vazhlyvym-dlya-ukrayiny-oleksij-danilov/
During the day, rescuers went over 150 times to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-ponad-150-raziv-vyyizdyly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-2/
Alexei Reznikov thanked the US for a new military assistance package
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/oleksij-reznikov-podyakuvav-ssha-za-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy/
Dmytro Kuleba discussed with James Kleverli strengthening the counter -offensive capabilities of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/dmytro-kuleba-obgovoryv-z-dzhejmsom-kleverli-posylennya-kontrnastupalnyh-mozhlyvostej-zsu/
NATO supported the creation of many years of support program of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/u-nato-pidtrymaly-stvorennya-bagatorichnoyi-programy-pidtrymky-ukrayiny/
In Kherson region, measures to information about mine safety
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/na-hersonshhyni-posylyuyutsya-zahody-z-informuvannya-shhodo-minnoyi-bezpeky/
The UN approved a resolution on human rights in Ukraine as a result of Russian aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/oon-uhvalyla-rezolyucziyu-pro-prava-lyudyny-v-ukrayini-vnaslidok-rosijskoyi-agresiyi/
Defense Ministers of Ukraine and Lithuania visited Kharkiv
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/ministr-oborony-ukrayiny-razom-z-lytovskym-kolegoyu-vidvidaly-harkiv/
Ukraine's victory is a prerequisite for any discussion on future NATO membership-Jens Stoltenberg
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/peremoga-ukrayiny-ye-peredumovoyu-dlya-bud-yakoyi-dyskusiyi-shhodo-majbutnogo-chlenstva-v-nato-yens-stoltenberg/
The enemy directs information about battles in Bakhmut for psychological influence, but he fails - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/vorog-spryamovuye-informacziyu-pro-boyi-u-bahmuti-dlya-psyhologichnogo-vplyvu-ale-jomu-cze-ne-vdayetsya-ganna-malyar/
During the day of the Pyrotechnics of the SESS neutralized nearly 500 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-majzhe-500-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-3/
15 invaders who forcibly held 368 civilians in Chernihiv will be judged in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/v-ukrayini-sudytymut-15-okupantiv-yaki-na-chernigivshhyni-nasylno-utrymuvaly-368-czyvilnyh-u-pidvali/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: Almost 17,000 crimes against National Security have been documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-majzhe-17-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-naczbezpeky-8/
The Russian Federation has increased the number of rocket carriers in the Black Sea, a total volley can reach 60 rockets
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/rf-zbilshyla-kilkist-raketonosiyiv-u-chornomu-mori-zagalnyj-zalp-mozhe-syagaty-60-raket/
Over the past day, the occupiers fired at 8 regions of Ukraine: 4 persons were killed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/za-mynulu-dobu-okupanty-obstrilyaly-8-oblastej-ukrayiny-zagynulo-4-osoby/
Three collaborators will judge torture over civilians in Donetsk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/troh-kolaborantiv-sudytymut-za-tortury-nad-czyvilnymy-u-doneczku/
The Minister of Defense of Ukraine in Kharkiv presented awards to wounded servicemen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/ministr-oborony-ukrayiny-u-harkovi-vruchyv-nagorody-poranenym-vijskovosluzhbovczyam/
If a person is recorded in the Register of the National Information Bureau, it is involved in the exchange process
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-yakshho-lyudyna-oblikovana-v-reyestri-nib-vona-zadiyana-v-proczesi-obminiv/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy arrived on a working visit to Poland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/volodymyr-zelenskyj-prybuv-z-robochym-vizytom-do-polshhi/
The President of Ukraine was presented with the highest award of Poland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/prezydentu-ukrayiny-vruchyly-najvyshhu-nagorodu-polshhi/
OK East showed how our defenders master Western equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/ok-shid-pokazalo-yak-nashi-zahysnyky-opanovuyut-zahidnu-tehniku/
Representatives of Kharkiv TCC and JV told young people about the conditions of entry into military universities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/predstavnyky-harkivskogo-tczk-ta-sp-rozpovily-molodi-pro-umovy-vstupu-do-vijskovyh-vyshiv/
There will be 19 more about the exercise of veterans rights to the CNAP.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/do-poslug-u-cznap-dodadutsya-shhe-19-yaki-stosuyutsya-realizacziyi-prav-veteraniv/
In Lviv illegally sold real estate of the defense department will return to the state
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/u-lvovi-neruhomist-oboronnogo-vidomstva-vartistyu-4-mln-gryven-povernut-derzhavi/
He gave criminal orders: the commander of the Russian National Guard unit will be judged in Zaporozhye
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/viddavav-zlochynni-nakazy-u-zaporizhzhi-sudytymut-komandyra-pidrozdilu-rosijskoyi-naczgvardiyi/
What to do if the certificate of the combatant is lost or spoiled
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/shho-robyty-yakshho-posvidchennya-uchasnyka-bojovyh-dij-vtrachene-chy-zipsovane/
Canadian instructors in Britain are taught by the Mine Security Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/kanadski-instruktory-u-brytaniyi-vchat-vijskovyh-zsu-minnoyi-bezpeky/
Already more than 7 thousand Ukrainian soldiers have been trained in the framework of the project "Army Drone"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/vzhe-ponad-7-tys-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-projshly-navchannya-v-ramkah-proektu-armiya-droniv/
I believe this year as in the year of victory - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/viryu-v-czej-rik-yak-v-rik-peremogy-oleksij-reznikov/
For the first time in Ukraine, a judge was convicted of Crimean from a temporarily occupied peninsula
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/vpershe-v-ukrayini-zasudzheno-suddyu-yaka-deportuye-krymchan-z-tymchasovo-okupovanogo-pivostrova/
April 6 will be briefing on the directions of development of civil-military cooperation of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/6-kvitnya-vidbudetsya-bryfing-shhodo-napryamiv-rozvytku-czyvilno-vijskovogo-spivrobitnycztva-zsu/
Andrzej Duda reported how many MiG-29 Poland will transfer to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/polshha-peredala-ukrayini-8-vynyshhuvachiv-mig-29-ta-gotova-nadaty-shhe-6/
In the United Kingdom, another group of Ukrainian artillerymen has completed training at the As90 howitzer
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/u-velykij-brytaniyi-shhe-odna-grupa-ukrayinskyh-artylerystiv-zavershyla-navchannya-na-gaubyczi-as90/
Poland provides Ukraine with a powerful defense package
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/polshha-nadaye-ukrayini-potuzhnyj-oboronnyj-paket-dopomogy/
Pick up barbaric deforestation, which will lead to an environmental disaster - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/okupaty-zdijsnyuyut-varvarsku-vyrubku-lisu-shho-pryzvede-do-ekologichnoyi-katastrofy-ganna-malyar/
Andrzej Duda: Poland provides military support to Ukraine and mobilizes allies to do the same
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/andzhej-duda-polshha-nadaye-ukrayini-vijskovu-pidtrymku-ta-mobilizuye-soyuznykiv-robyty-te-zh-same/
Veterans housing: step -by -step instruction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/zhytlo-dlya-veteraniv-pokrokova-instrukcziya/
Ukrainian Armored vehicles have restored the production of mortar shots: more than 100 thousand already in the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/pidpryyemstvo-ukrayinska-bronetehnika-vidnovylo-vyrobnycztvo-minometnyh-postriliv-ponad-100-tysyach-vzhe-u-zsu/
Ministry of Veterans prepares a pilot project in four regions of Ukraine for the introduction of a veteran assistant
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/minveteraniv-gotuye-pilotnyj-proekt-u-chotyroh-oblastyah-ukrayiny-iz-vprovadzhennya-pomichnyka-veterana/
Ukraine considers Poland not only its partner, but also a friend forever - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/ukrayina-vvazhaye-polshhu-ne-lyshe-svoyim-partnerom-a-j-drugom-naviky-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Another Russian helicopter Ka-52 has been destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/na-shidnomu-fronti-nashi-voyiny-znyshhyly-rosijskyj-vertolit-ka-52/
GUR appeals to the residents of the temporarily occupied Crimea on cooperation with the Defense Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/gur-mo-ukrayiny-zvertayetsya-do-meshkancziv-tymchasovo-okupovanogo-krymu-shhodo-spivpraczi-z-sylamy-oborony-ukrayiny/
During the day of defense forces repelled more than 40 invaders attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/protyagom-doby-syly-oborony-vidbyly-ponad-40-atak-okupantiv/
Russian invaders strengthen counterintelligence and police regimes for temporarily occupied Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/rosijski-okupanty-posylyuyut-kontrrozviduvalnyj-ta-policzejskyj-rezhymy-na-tymchasovo-zajnyatij-hersonshhyni/
The more military aid will come to Ukraine, the faster the situation in Bakhmut will change - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/shho-bilshe-nadhodytyme-v-ukrayinu-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-to-shvydshe-zminyuvatymetsya-sytuacziya-v-bahmuti-j-na-inshyh-dilyankah-frontu-prezydent/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 12 beats in the occupants' concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-12-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv/
The Russians have all the timing of taking Bakhmut they put earlier, passed - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/u-rosiyan-vsi-terminy-vzyattya-bahmuta-yaki-vony-stavyly-ranishe-mynuly-sergij-cherevatyj/
President of Ukraine honored the memory of the dead near the tomb of an unknown soldier in Warsaw
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/prezydent-ukrayiny-vshanuvav-pamyat-zagyblyh-bilya-mogyly-nevidomogo-soldata-u-varshavi/
The epicenter of hostilities remains the East - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/epiczentrom-bojovyh-dij-zalyshayetsya-shid-ganna-malyar/
The enemy tries to block Avdiivka and capture Marinka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/vorog-namagayetsya-blokuvaty-avdiyivku-i-zahopyty-maryinku/
Anna Malyar on key principles of informing during the war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/ganna-malyar-pro-klyuchovi-prynczypy-informuvannya-pid-chas-vijny/
Navy artillerymen destroyed the field gun of Hyacinth-B occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/artylerysty-vms-znyshhyly-polovu-garmatu-okupantiv-giaczynt-b/
“How is you like, Ilon Musk?”, Or about the work-miner on the forefront
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/ugrupovannya-obyednanyh-syl-pokazalo-yak-robot-miner-praczyuye-na-peredovij/
We agreed that they would give Ukrainian soldiers more power - Volodymyr Zelenskyy about negotiations in Warsaw
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/my-domovylysya-pro-te-shho-dast-ukrayinskym-voyinam-bilshe-syly-volodymyr-zelenskyj-pro-peregovory-u-varshavi/
The Ukrainian team won the Quantico Cyber Eagle trophy at cyber studies of the US Marine Corps
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/komanda-cert-ua-vyborola-trofej-quantico-cyber-eagle-na-kibernavchannyah-korpusu-morskoyi-pihoty-ssha/
Russia not win in Europe when Ukrainian and Pole stand side by side-the President of Ukraine's speech
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/rosiyi-ne-vygraty-u-yevropy-koly-ukrayinecz-i-polyak-stoyat-plich-o-plich-vystup-prezydenta-ukrayiny/
49 states condemned the Russian Federation for organizing a meeting of the UN Security Council on the alleged legal grounds for abduction of Ukrainian children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/49-derzhav-zasudyly-rf-za-organizacziyu-zasidannya-radbezu-oon-shhodo-nibyto-pravovyh-pidstav-vykradennya-ukrayinskyh-ditej/
The Ukrainian military participated in the NATO Cimic training course
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/ukrayinski-vijskovi-vzyaly-uchast-v-navchalnomu-kursi-cimic-nato/
Short. War. Day 406. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/korotko-vijna-den-406-videodajdzhest/
700 residents of Melitopol district - mayor agreed with the enemy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3691887-spivpracuvati-z-vorogom-pogodilis-700-meskanciv-melitopolskogo-rajonu-mer.html
The intensity of Russian shelling in March increased by 11% - border guards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692076-intensivnist-rosijskih-obstriliv-u-berezni-zrosla-na-11-prikordonniki.html
The intensity of Russian shelling in March increased by 11% - border guards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692076-intensivnist-rosijskih-obstriliv-u-berezni-zrosla-na-11-prikordonniki.html
700 residents of Melitopol district - mayor agreed with the enemy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3691887-spivpracuvati-z-vorogom-pogodilis-700-meskanciv-melitopolskogo-rajonu-mer.html
Minibraintegration Increases Informing Measures on Mine Safety
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/naselennya-zvilnenyh-rajoniv-hersonshhyny-posylyuyut-zahody-z-informuvannya-shhodo-minnoyi-bezpeky/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====