乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-04-14

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

Chernihivska Oblast(10:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/17553
At Caurus Director Russia Army Shellled Topoli, Kraski Perche, NovoMilnsk, Yard, West ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4479
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Novoselivske, Nevske, Kuzmyne, Bilohorivka of Luhansk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4480
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarka, Grigory ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4481
At Avdiyivka and Maryinka directions Russian army shelled Keramik, Novokalynove, Krasnohorivk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4482
AT Shakhtarsk Directive Rossian Army Sheled Novomikhailivka, Shakhotrsk, NovoKoCheKANIK, led ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4483
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Olhivske, Chervone, Charivne, Nov...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4484
Propagandist Medvedchuk, who called for the "division of Ukraine", detained for state treason
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/propagandyst-medvedchuka-yakyj-zaklykav-do-podilu-ukrayiny/
"In the war, all fronts need attention and strength, financial front - especially" - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/na-vijni-vsi-fronty-potrebuyut-uvagy-ta-micznosti-finansovyj-front-prezydent-ukrayiny/
New fakes from Rospropaganda
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/dezinformaczijnyj-dajdzhest-za-12-kvitnya/
Ukraine and Canada agreements on cooperation will accelerate the displacement of Russia from the nuclear fuel market - Herman Galushchenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/domovlenosti-ukrayiny-i-kanady-pro-spivpraczyu-pryshvydshat-vytisnennya-rosiyi-z-rynku-yadernogo-palyva-german-galushhenko/
The occupiers take the pension affairs of occupied territories to Russia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/okupanty-vyvozyat-do-rosiyi-pensijni-spravy-meshkancziv-okupovanyh-terytorij/
5 years behind bars will hold a collaborator who during the occupation of Izium region was the "head of the utility sector"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/5-rokiv-za-gratamy-provede-kolaborant-yakyj-pid-chas-okupacziyi-izyumshhyny-buv-zaviduvachem-sektoru-zhkg/
The Russian occupier squeezes them, and complains about the lack of personnel - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/rosijskyj-okupant-skyglyt-shho-yih-otochyly-i-skarzhytsya-na-brak-osobovogo-skladu-perehoplennya-gur/
Action sanctions: Ukraine and the world - against Russian aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/szru-sankcziyi-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi/
As the Ukrainian "crab" destroyed the Russian "Strizh"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/yak-ukrayinskyj-krab-znyshhyv-rosijskogo-stryzha/
In Russia, under the cover of call, hidden mobilization - CPD is gaining momentum
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/na-rosiyi-pid-prykryttyam-pryzovu-nabyraye-obertiv-pryhovana-mobilizacziya-czpd/
Ministry of Veterans start monitoring the quality of providing cash care service to veterans with disabilities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/minveteraniv-provede-monitoryng-yakosti-nadannya-poslugy/
Reported suspicion of another 5 collaborators exposed after the release of temporarily occupied territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-shhe-5-kolaborantam/
The evacuation train from Pokrovsk will now come to Zhytomyr region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/evakuaczijnyj-potyag-iz-pokrovska-vidteper-prybuvatyme-na-zhytomyrshhynu/
The system of comprehensive veterans support will facilitate the transition to civilian life
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/systema-perehodu-do-czyvilnogo-zhyttya/
The Armed Forces Aviation has made six beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/nasha-aviacziya-zavdala-shist-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
The comprehensive test of the Bellorussian Army's combat readiness is ongoing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/kompleksna-perevirka-bojovoyi-gotovnosti-biloruskoyi-armiyi-tryvaye/
During the day our warriors repulsed 45 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/protyagom-doby-nashi-voyiny-vidbyly-45-atak-protyvnyka/
The most fierce battles are going to Marinka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/najzapeklishi-boyi-tryvayut-za-maryinku/
Zaporizka Oblast(00:19). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43026
The occupiers intensified filtration measures in temporarily captured territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/okupanty-posylyly-filtraczijni-zahody-na-tymchasovo-zahoplenyh-terytoriyah/
Defense forces per day eliminated more than 500 invaders, destroyed 10 BBM and 7 Artisystems
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-ponad-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-10-bbm-i-7-artsystem/
Exactly a year ago, the Navy of the Armed Forces rewrite the age-old history-Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/rivno-rik-tomu-vijskovo-morski-syly-zsu-perepysaly-vikovu-istoriyu-oleksij-reznikov/
The first Black Sea Security Conference begins in Bucharest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/u-buharesti-rozpochynaye-robotu-persha-chornomorska-bezpekova-konferencziya/
Catastrophic loss of rating mospatriarchal compensates for a passionate behavior
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/katastrofichnu-vtratu-rejtyngu-mospatriarhat-kompensuye-agresyvnoyu-povedinkoyu/
It is necessary to talk about the genocide that Russia implements about the Ukrainian people - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/treba-govoryty-pro-genoczyd-yakyj-zdijsnyuye-sogodni-rosijska-federacziya-po-vidnoshennyu-do-ukrayinskogo-narodu-ganna-malyar/
Denis Schmigal: In 2023, a quick reconstruction projects need $ 14 billion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/denys-shmygal-u-2023-roczi-na-proekty-shvydkoyi-vidbudovy-potribno-14-mlrd/
In Donetsk, the occupiers release local doctors and take doctors from the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/na-donechchyni-okupanty-zvilnyayut-misczevyh-likariv-ta-vezut-medykiv-z-rf/
The Ministry of Defense continues to search for effective models of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces: a meeting with retailers took place
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/ministerstvo-oborony-prodovzhuye-poshuk-efektyvnyh-modelej-organizacziyi-harchuvannya-zsu-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-ritejleramy/
In the war, the phrase "enough weapons" does not exist - Alexei Danilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/13/na-vijni-slovospoluchennya-dostatno-zbroyi-ne-isnuye-oleksij-danilov/
France 24 showed the plot from the camp of the Russians and called the "hostile" counter -offensive of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695966-france-24-pokazav-suzet-iz-taboru-rosian-ta-nazvav-vorozim-kontrnastup-zsu.html
In the Ukrainian House in the United States, a photo exhibition "Bakhmut is unbreakable" was opened - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3695952-v-ukrainskomu-domi-u-ssa-vidkrili-fotovistavku-bahmut-nezlamnij-smigal.html
In Sweden at the refinery, a Russian was arrested - suspected of espionage
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695949-u-svecii-na-naftopererobnomu-zavodi-arestuvali-rosianku-pidozruut-u-spigunstvi.html
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Krasno Pershe, Novomolinsk, Dvorichny, West, MAS ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4487
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarka, Grigory ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4489
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novokalin, Steppe, Avdiivka, Severene, First ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4490
In Odessa, the name of the designer and propagandist Lebedev erased from the tourist symbol of the city
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696045-v-odesi-z-turisticnogo-simvolu-mista-sterli-ima-dizajnera-ta-propagandista-lebedeva.html
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Nevelske, Krasnohorivka, Maryinka, Pobyeda, Novomy...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4491
Ukraine hopes by the end of June to collect an annual package of funds for a quick recovery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696110-ukraina-spodivaetsa-do-kinca-cervna-zibrati-ricnij-paket-kostiv-dla-svidkogo-vidnovlenna.html
At Shakhtarsk Directive Russian Army Shelle Shakhotarsk, Great Novoselk, Vukhledar, Novoukr ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4492
Al-Ain will play in the UAE Presidential Cup finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696109-alajn-zigrae-u-finali-kubka-prezidenta-oae.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled  Olhivske, Chervone, Huliaipole, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4493
In Russia, the Carnegie Foundation, the Multiplier and another singer were recognized as "inagents"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696093-u-rosii-viznali-inoagentami-fond-karnegi-multiplikatora-i-se-odnogo-spivaka.html
Canada has transferred three training simulators to tanks to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696106-kanada-peredala-ukraini-tri-navcalni-simulatori-strilbi-z-tankiv.html
The largest German manufacturer of military equipment and ammunition was cyberatum
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3696105-najbilsij-nimeckij-virobnik-vijskovoi-tehniki-ta-boepripasiv-zaznav-kiberataki.html
In the war, Ukrainian weightlifter Igor Doroshenko was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696081-na-vijni-zaginuv-ukrainskij-vazkoatlet-igor-dorosenko.html
Costa Rica joined the coalition for the creation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696104-kostarika-dolucilasa-do-koalicii-za-stvorenna-spectribunalu-dla-rf.html
In Ukraine, 70% of citizens support the ban on the activities of the UOC MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696005-v-ukraini-70-gromadan-pidtrimuut-zaboronu-dialnosti-upc-mp.html
Missile blow to Slavyansk: The number of dead increased to eight, 21 wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696096-raketnij-udar-po-slovansku-kilkist-zagiblih-zrosla-do-vosmi-21-poranenij.html
Nadal will miss the tournament in Barcelona
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696095-nadal-propustit-turnir-u-barseloni.html
Duda about nuclear weapons in Belarus: Putin is trying to intimidate Western Europe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696084-duda-pro-adernu-zbrou-v-bilorusi-putin-namagaetsa-zalakati-zahidnu-evropu.html
Ukraine will not make surrogate decisions of the Vilnius Summit on its entry into NATO - Kuleba
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696067-ukraina-ne-prijme-surogatnih-risen-vilnuskogo-samitu-sodo-svogo-vstupu-do-nato-kuleba.html
The Russians fired the border community of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696089-rosiani-obstrilali-prikordonnu-gromadu-sumsini.html
The Ambassador of Ukraine to France criticized France24 from the Russian camp, the video was removed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696086-posol-ukraini-u-francii-rozkritikuvav-suzet-france24-iz-taboru-rosian-video-vidalili.html
Venice will help Odessa in preserving cultural heritage and in the development of the port
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696083-venecia-dopomoze-odesi-u-zberezenni-kulturnoi-spadsini-ta-u-rozvitku-portu.html
The SBU declared suspicion to the Russian deputy who "commanded" the shelling of positions of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695950-sbu-ogolosila-pidozru-rosijskomu-deputatu-akij-komanduvav-obstrilom-pozicij-zsu.html
Poland will gradually transfer to Ukraine MiG-29, which is still in service-Duda
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696080-polsa-postupovo-peredavatime-ukraini-mig29-aki-se-mae-na-ozbroenni-duda.html
In the war, Ukrainian weightlifter Igor Doroshenko was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696081-na-vijni-zaginuv-ukrainskij-vazkoatlet-igor-dorosenko.html
Slavyansk disassembles the gaps, the number of victims and the wounded increased
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696079-u-slovansku-rozbiraut-zavali-kilkist-zertv-i-poranenih-zrosla.html
Biden instructed to take measures to protect secret information
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696076-bajden-doruciv-vziti-zahodiv-sodo-zahistu-sekretnoi-informacii.html
Finland started building a fence on the border with Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696074-finlandia-pocala-buduvati-parkan-na-kordoni-z-rosieu.html
Another Fake of the Russian Federation about Bakhmut aims to undermine confidence in military command - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696073-cergovij-fejk-rf-pro-bahmut-mae-na-meti-pidirvati-doviru-do-vijskovogo-komanduvanna-malar.html
Russia plans from May to October to shake internal issues in Ukraine - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696071-rosia-planue-z-travna-po-zovten-rozhituvati-v-ukraini-vnutrisni-pitanna-danilov.html
Ukraine in partnership with UNDP and UNOPS will restore more than 100 schools in 14 regions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3696069-ukraina-u-partnerstvi-z-proon-ta-unops-vidnovit-ponad-100-skil-u-14-regionah.html
The Russians hit Slavic missiles C-300-five dead, 15 wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696011-rosiani-vdarili-po-slovansku-raketami-s300-patero-zagiblih-15-poranenih.html
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Halahanivka of Chernihiv ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4486
Chernihivska Oblast, Donetsk Oblast(08:34). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take c...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43030
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(09:33). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43033
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(09:40). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43034
Zaporizka Oblast(09:54). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12081
Volunteer was wounded as result of shelling in Dvorichna
https://twitter.com/nakipeloua/status/1646810879936135174
Zaporizka Oblast(12:41). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43041
Belarus is preparing existing sites for the possible deployment of strategic nuclear weapons,...
https://t.me/tass_agency/188016
Russian Su-35 jets conducted airstrikes at Orikhiv town in Zaporizhzhia region
https://t.me/ermaka2022/2444
Belarus: Training of our forces on Russian nuclear missiles will end next week
https://twitter.com/AlArabiya_Brk/status/1646829631901712384
Donetsk Oblast, Zaporizka Oblast(13:35). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cove...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43044
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(13:38). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/23876
Sumska Oblast, Chernihivska Oblast(14:18). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take co...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43050
Person wounded as result of landmine explosion between Olhyne and Arkhangelsk villages in Kg...
https://t.me/UkraineNow/31671
Donetsk Oblast(15:02). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43052
At least 5 killed, 15 wounded as result of Russian shelling in Sloviansk
https://t.me/channel24_ua/84515
The Ukrainian movie "Mirny-21" will be shown in South Korea and Japan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3695903-ukrainskij-film-mirnij21-pokazut-u-pivdennij-korei-ta-aponii.html
There is a tendency to reduce fuel prices - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695879-sposterigaetsa-tendencia-zmensenna-cin-na-palne-ekspert.html
Canada will rely on Ukraine's position on the question of the "peace plan" of China - Ambassador
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3695907-kanada-spiratimetsa-na-poziciu-ukraini-v-pitanni-stavlenna-do-mirnogo-planu-kitau-posol.html
Saknak in conversation with Zelensky reacted to video execution of Ukrainian military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695908-sunak-u-rozmovi-iz-zelenskim-vidreaguvav-na-video-strati-ukrainskogo-vijskovogo.html
"Minaj" won "Kryvbas" in the starting game of the 14th round of UPL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695909-minaj-peremig-krivbas-u-startovij-gri-14go-turu-upl.html
The picture of a young Ukrainka decorated the juice rocket that goes to Jupiter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3695910-malunok-unoi-ukrainki-prikrasiv-raketu-juice-so-pramue-do-upitera.html
Tankers, Easter helmets and Dnipro spill
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3695836-viskil-tankistiv-velikodni-kaski-ta-rozliv-dnipra.html
Moravetsky does not rule out that the Russian Federation against Ukraine will last for several years
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3695911-moraveckij-ne-viklucae-so-vijna-rf-proti-ukraini-trivatime-kilka-rokiv.html
In the occupied Crimea, well -known human rights defenders were deprived of law status
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3695914-v-okupovanomu-krimu-vidomih-pravozahisnikiv-pozbavili-advokatskogo-statusu.html
Zavatskaya lost Creychik in the Billi Cup match Gin King
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695916-zavacka-prograla-krejcikovij-u-matci-kubka-billi-dzin-king.html
Ukrainian refugees in Poland are convinced that after the war, Polish-Ukrainian relations will be better
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3695884-ukrainski-bizenci-u-polsi-perekonani-so-pisla-vijni-polskoukrainski-vzaemini-budut-krasimi.html
Xiaomi on the List of International Sponsors of War: We are for peace around the world
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3695917-xiaomi-pro-vnesenna-do-spisku-miznarodnih-sponsoriv-vijni-mi-za-mir-u-vsomu-sviti.html
SPMU re-exhibited the privatization of Belgorod-Dnestrovsky Port
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695918-fdmu-povtorno-vistavit-na-privatizaciu-bilgoroddnistrovskij-port.html
Ukraine's accession to NATO will be a victory for all and catastrophe for the Russian Federation - Yatsenyuk about the statement of Le Pen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3695919-vstup-ukraini-v-nato-bude-peremogou-dla-vsih-i-katastrofou-dla-rf-acenuk-pro-zaavu-le-pen.html
Bukovina beat Chernihiv-SHVSM in the first league match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695922-bukovina-obigrala-cernigivsvsm-u-matci-persoi-ligi.html
Ukraine is concentrated on the preparation of a counter -offensive - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695923-ukraina-skoncentrovana-na-pidgotovci-kontrnastupu-smigal.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
In Mariupol, the invaders handed out 40 thousand passports of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3695927-u-mariupoli-zagarbniki-rozdali-40-tisac-pasportiv-rf.html
SBU detained the Russian agent who was looking for "weaknesses" on the border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3695929-sbu-zatrimala-rosijskogo-agenta-akij-sukav-slabki-misca-na-kordoni.html
In Kolomyia Pysanka, which was created by the military, sold for ₴ 18 thousand to assist the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3695930-u-kolomii-pisanku-aku-stvoriv-vijskovij-prodali-za-18-tisac-dla-dopomogi-zsu.html
The Constitutional Court undertook to check the Kharkiv Agreements
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3695932-konstitucijnij-sud-vzavsa-perevirati-harkivski-ugodi.html
Norway states that Russian "diplomats" worked for intelligence and FSB
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695933-norvegia-zaavlae-so-vislani-rosijski-diplomati-pracuvali-na-rozvidku-i-fsb.html
In Kharkiv, two people exploded on mines
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3695936-na-harkivsini-dvoe-ludej-pidirvalis-na-minah.html
Russia has brought the Pacific Fleet to combat readiness and conducts a sudden check
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695937-rosia-privela-tihookeanskij-flot-u-bojovu-gotovnist-i-provodit-raptovu-perevirku.html
Jupiter launched the ESA spacecraft
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3695942-na-upiter-zapustili-kosmicnij-korabel-esa.html
Ukrainian business will receive support from the European Commission for € 7.5 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695946-ukrainskij-biznes-otrimae-pidtrimku-vid-evrokomisii-na-75-miljona.html
DFC and USAID will help Ukraine attract investment in reconstruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3695947-dfc-ta-usaid-dopomagatimut-ukraini-zalucati-investicii-na-vidbudovu.html
The Belarusian Su-25 pilots finished preparation for the use of "special ammunition"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695948-biloruski-piloti-su25-zakincili-pidgotovku-do-zastosuvanna-specialnih-boepripasiv.html
In Sweden at the refinery, a Russian was arrested - suspected of espionage
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695949-u-svecii-na-naftopererobnomu-zavodi-arestuvali-rosianku-pidozruut-u-spigunstvi.html
В Українському домі у США відкрили фотовиставку «Бахмут незламний» – Шмигаль
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3695952-v-ukrainskomu-domi-u-ssa-vidkrili-fotovistavku-bahmut-nezlamnij-smigal.html
The warehouses already have 76% of the summer form for servicemen - the Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695953-na-skladah-vze-e-76-litnoi-formi-dla-vijskovosluzbovciv-minoboroni.html
President appointed Eugene Cloud Chief of the Center of Special Operations "A"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3695954-prezident-priznaciv-evgenia-hmaru-nacalnikom-centru-specialnih-operacij-a.html
Ukraine expects to get two tranches from the IMF this year - $ 1.8 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695958-ukraina-rozrahovue-cogoric-otrimati-vid-mvf-ise-dva-transi-na-18-milarda.html
Poland has already provided to Ukraine military assistance for almost € 3 billion - Duda
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695959-polsa-vze-nadala-ukraini-vijskovoi-dopomogi-majze-na-3-milardi-duda.html
How many Ukrainian refugees in Poland plan to spend on Easter - research
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3695962-skilki-ukrainski-bizenci-u-polsi-planuut-vitratiti-na-velikden-doslidzenna.html
MKIP in three months provided about 1000 assistance letters to depart artists abroad
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3695961-mkip-za-tri-misaci-nadalo-blizko-1000-listiv-sprianna-dla-viizdu-artistiv-za-kordon.html
Austin will visit Sweden next week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695964-ostin-nastupnogo-tizna-vidvidae-sveciu.html
Donetsk Oblast(23:13). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43060
UPL: Dynamo lost points with "Movement", "Kolos" overcame "Ingulets"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695967-upl-dinamo-vtratilo-ocki-z-ruhom-kolos-zdolav-ingulec.html
Death toll of Russian shelling in Sloviansk increased to 9
https://t.me/hromadske_ua/31558
The Russians fired again Vovchansk - a wounded medical officer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695970-vorog-znovu-obstrilav-vovcansk-poranena-spivrobitnica-medzakladu.html
The enemy struck the managed airbots on the enterprise on the border of Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695971-rosiani-vdarili-kerovanimi-aviabombami-po-pidpriemstvu-na-prikordonni-cernigivsini.html
UAF has submitted to the Ministry of Youth Sports on the order to ban participation in some competitions with representatives of the Russian Federation and the RB
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695972-uaf-podala-zapit-do-minmolodsportu-sodo-nakazu-pro-zaboronu-ucasti-v-odnih-zmagannah-z-predstavnikami-rf-i-rb.html
Ambassadors of Germany and the EU have opened a modular town for displaced persons in Chernivtsi
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3695973-posli-nimeccini-ta-es-vidkrili-u-cernivcah-modulne-mistecko-dla-pereselenciv.html
The enemy hit the three five -storey buildings of Slavyansk, known about the dead and six wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695978-vorog-vluciv-u-tri-patipoverhivki-slovanska-vidomo-zagiblogo-i-sistoh-poranenih.html
The President noted 183 servicemen awards, 43 of them posthumously
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695977-prezident-vidznaciv-nagorodami-183-vijskovosluzbovciv-iz-nih-43-posmertno.html
President of Lithuania discussed with the Prosecutor General of Ukraine the creation of a special about a joint -of -law for the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3695979-prezident-litvi-obgovoriv-z-genprokurorom-ukraini-stvorenna-spectribunalu-dla-rf.html
The Supreme Court has canceled the recovery of funds from Privatbank in favor of former owners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695982-verhovnij-sud-skasuvav-stagnenna-kostiv-iz-privatbanku-na-korist-kolisnih-vlasnikiv.html
Ukraine will receive 19 Caesar Artsystems in the coming weeks - Denmark Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695983-ukraina-otrimae-19-artsistem-caesar-najblizcimi-tiznami-minoboroni-danii.html
WAKS rejected the extension of the investigation against Kobolev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3695987-vaks-povtorno-vidmoviv-u-prodovzenni-terminiv-slidstva-sodo-koboleva.html
More than half of Ukrainians plan to visit the temple for Easter holidays
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3695985-ponad-polovina-ukrainciv-planuut-vidvidati-hram-na-velikodni-svata.html
У ЗСУ перевіряють, чи справді мобілізованого без підготовки направили у підрозділ
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695990-u-zsu-pereviraut-ci-spravdi-mobilizovanogo-bez-pidgotovki-napravili-u-pidrozdil.html
Poor: There are many countries that view options to strict response to the admission of Russians and Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3695989-bidnij-e-bagato-krain-aki-rozgladaut-varianti-zorstkoi-reakcii-na-dopusk-rosian-i-bilorusiv.html
Detained through the leakage of Pentagon Taishery's Pentagon Officially charged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3695992-zatrimanomu-cerez-vitik-dokumentiv-pentagonu-tejsejri-oficijno-visunuli-zvinuvacenna.html
The invaders fired Kramatorsk, damaged high -rise buildings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695993-zagarbniki-obstrilali-kramatorsk-poskodzeni-bagatopoverhivki.html
Shmigal discussed with US Minister of Transport Recovery of Critical Infrastructure
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3695994-smigal-obgovoriv-z-ministrom-transportu-ssa-vidnovlenna-kriticnoi-infrastrukturi.html
In Poland, a volunteer who died under Bakhmut was buried
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695997-u-polsi-pohovali-dobrovolca-akij-zaginuv-pid-bahmutom.html
Tkachenko denied the presence of "political jeans" on the air
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696001-tkacenko-zapereciv-naavnist-politicnoi-dzinsi-v-efiri-telemarafonu.html
China and Brazil have urged the world to promote the political settlement of "crisis in Ukraine"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696006-kitaj-i-brazilia-zaklikali-svit-spriati-politicnomu-vreguluvannu-krizi-v-ukraini.html
Police closed the case of an accident in which journalist Tkach was injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696009-policia-zakrila-spravu-pro-dtp-u-akij-postrazdav-zurnalist-tkac.html
Europe's dependence on Russian gas has decreased to 10% of the beginning of the war - the IMF
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696008-zaleznist-evropi-vid-rosijskogo-gazu-skorotilasa-do-10-vid-pocatku-vijni-mvf.html
Zelensky-about the shelling of Slovianskaya: the state-zlo once again demonstrates its essence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696010-zelenskij-pro-obstril-slovanska-derzavazlo-vkotre-demonstrue-svou-sutnist.html
The most fierce battles go beyond Bakhmut and Marinka - Defense forces reflected about 40 attacks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696015-najzapeklisi-boi-jdut-za-bahmut-ta-marinku-sili-oboroni-vidbili-blizko-40-atak.html
Harlan - about the Order of the Ministry of Youth: a very difficult decision that probably had to be made
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696022-harlan-pro-nakaz-minmolodsportu-duze-vazke-risenna-ake-napevno-neobhidno-bulo-uhvaliti.html
В Іспанії звільнили під заставу пенсіонера, підозрюваного у розсиланні листів із вибухівкою
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696023-v-ispanii-zvilnili-pid-zastavu-pensionera-pidozruvanogo-u-rozsilanna-listiv-iz-vibuhivkou.html
Great Water: In the two areas, the roads up to 30 settlements were blurred
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696025-velika-voda-u-dvoh-oblastah-rozmilo-dorogi-do-30-naselenih-punktiv.html
The Strategic Communications and IMI Center has developed a dictionary of terminology on events in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696026-centr-strategicnih-komunikacij-ta-imi-rozrobili-slovnik-terminologii-sodo-podij-v-ukraini.html
Ukraine is preparing to start electricity exports to Slovakia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696027-ukraina-gotuetsa-rozpocati-eksport-elektroenergii-do-slovaccini.html
NATO Summit will not be historic without the decision to invite Ukraine - Stephanyshyn
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696029-samit-nato-ne-bude-istoricnim-bez-risenna-pro-zaprosenna-ukraini-stefanisina.html
Saved from under rubble to Slavic child died in an ambulance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696031-u-slovansku-zpid-zavaliv-uratuvali-ditinu.html
Lithuanian President vetoed the law on sanctions for Russians and Belarus to "equalize
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696032-prezident-litvi-vetuvav-zakon-pro-sankcii-dla-rosian-i-bilorusiv-sob-ih-urivnati.html
Canada has already sent to Europe all promised to Ukraine LOOPARD tanks - Minister of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696035-kanada-uze-vidpravila-do-evropi-usi-obicani-ukraini-tanki-leopard-ministr-oboroni.html
Klitschko urged Kyivans to stay home on Easter night
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3696037-klicko-zaklikav-kian-zalisatisa-vdoma-u-velikodnu-nic.html
The Anti -Corruption Council at the Defense Ministry has started work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696038-antikorupcijna-rada-pri-minoboroni-rozpocala-robotu.html
Ukrainian Basketball player Yagupova will play in the Eurolege finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696039-ukrainka-agupova-zigrae-v-finali-evroligi.html
Preparation of active action of the Armed Forces: Zelensky held a meeting with the baby and Budanov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696044-pidgotovka-aktivnih-dij-zsu-zelenskij-proviv-naradu-z-malukom-i-budanovim.html
Russia's oil revenues fell by 43% per year - international energy agency
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696047-naftovi-dohodi-rosii-vpali-na-43-za-rik-miznarodne-energeticne-agentstvo.html
Easter is predicted by rains and thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3695818-na-velikden-prognozuut-dosi-ta-grozi.html
Zelensky urged to provide Saakashvili proper treatment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696046-zelenskij-zaklikav-zabezpeciti-saakasvili-nalezne-likuvanna.html
USAID handed over 100 generators from Howard Buffett's Fund
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696049-usaid-peredalo-ratuvalnikam-100-generatoriv-vid-fondu-govarda-baffeta.html
Kobolev's investigation is completed - NABU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696053-rozsliduvanna-sodo-koboleva-zaversene-nabu.html
The European Commission is studying ways to direct the frozen assets of the Russian Federation for the rebuilding of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3696050-evrokomisia-vivcae-slahi-sob-skeruvati-zamorozeni-aktivi-rf-na-vidbudovu-ukraini.html
Mikhail Romanchuk won the second license for Olympic games in Paris in swimming
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696052-romancuk-viborov-drugu-olimpijsku-licenziu-na-olimpijsku-igri-v-parizi-u-plavanni.html
Finland has transferred 136 tons of energy equipment to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696055-finlandia-peredala-ukraini-136-tonn-energoobladnanna.html
In France, recognized as constitutional pension reform that caused mass protests
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696056-u-francii-viznali-konstitucijnou-pensijnu-reformu-aka-viklikala-masovi-protesti.html
Austria President promises to personally control the assistance of Ukraine in demining
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696058-prezident-avstrii-obicae-osobisto-prokontroluvati-dopomogu-ukraini-u-rozminuvanni.html
Latvia has made instance to the "black list"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3696059-latvia-vnesla-instasamku-do-cornogo-spisku.html
Ukraine in partnership with UNDP and UNOPS will restore more than 100 schools in 14 regions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3696069-ukraina-u-partnerstvi-z-proon-ta-unops-vidnovit-ponad-100-skil-u-14-regionah.html
Russia plans from May to October to shake internal issues in Ukraine - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696071-rosia-planue-z-travna-po-zovten-rozhituvati-v-ukraini-vnutrisni-pitanna-danilov.html
Another Fake of the Russian Federation about Bakhmut aims to undermine confidence in military command - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696073-cergovij-fejk-rf-pro-bahmut-mae-na-meti-pidirvati-doviru-do-vijskovogo-komanduvanna-malar.html
Finland started building a fence on the border with Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696074-finlandia-pocala-buduvati-parkan-na-kordoni-z-rosieu.html
Biden instructed to take measures to protect secret information
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696076-bajden-doruciv-vziti-zahodiv-sodo-zahistu-sekretnoi-informacii.html
Slavyansk disassembles the gaps, the number of victims and the wounded increased
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696079-u-slovansku-rozbiraut-zavali-kilkist-zertv-i-poranenih-zrosla.html
Poland will gradually transfer to Ukraine MiG-29, which is still in service-Duda
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696080-polsa-postupovo-peredavatime-ukraini-mig29-aki-se-mae-na-ozbroenni-duda.html
The SBU declared suspicion to the Russian deputy who "commanded" the shelling of positions of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3695950-sbu-ogolosila-pidozru-rosijskomu-deputatu-akij-komanduvav-obstrilom-pozicij-zsu.html
Venice will help Odessa in preserving cultural heritage and in the development of the port
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696083-venecia-dopomoze-odesi-u-zberezenni-kulturnoi-spadsini-ta-u-rozvitku-portu.html
The Ambassador of Ukraine to France criticized France24 from the Russian camp, the video was removed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696086-posol-ukraini-u-francii-rozkritikuvav-suzet-france24-iz-taboru-rosian-video-vidalili.html
The Russians fired the border community of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696089-rosiani-obstrilali-prikordonnu-gromadu-sumsini.html
Ukraine will not make surrogate decisions of the Vilnius Summit on its entry into NATO - Kuleba
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696067-ukraina-ne-prijme-surogatnih-risen-vilnuskogo-samitu-sodo-svogo-vstupu-do-nato-kuleba.html
Duda about nuclear weapons in Belarus: Putin is trying to intimidate Western Europe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696084-duda-pro-adernu-zbrou-v-bilorusi-putin-namagaetsa-zalakati-zahidnu-evropu.html
Nadal will miss the tournament in Barcelona
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696095-nadal-propustit-turnir-u-barseloni.html
Missile blow to Slavyansk: The number of dead increased to eight, 21 wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696096-raketnij-udar-po-slovansku-kilkist-zagiblih-zrosla-do-vosmi-21-poranenij.html
In Ukraine, 70% of citizens support the ban on the activities of the UOC MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696005-v-ukraini-70-gromadan-pidtrimuut-zaboronu-dialnosti-upc-mp.html
Costa Rica joined the coalition for the creation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696104-kostarika-dolucilasa-do-koalicii-za-stvorenna-spectribunalu-dla-rf.html
The largest German manufacturer of military equipment and ammunition was cyberatum
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3696105-najbilsij-nimeckij-virobnik-vijskovoi-tehniki-ta-boepripasiv-zaznav-kiberataki.html
Canada has transferred three training simulators to tanks to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696106-kanada-peredala-ukraini-tri-navcalni-simulatori-strilbi-z-tankiv.html
In Russia, the Carnegie Foundation, the Multiplier and another singer were recognized as "inagents"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696093-u-rosii-viznali-inoagentami-fond-karnegi-multiplikatora-i-se-odnogo-spivaka.html
Al-Ain will play in the UAE Presidential Cup finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696109-alajn-zigrae-u-finali-kubka-prezidenta-oae.html
Ukraine hopes by the end of June to collect an annual package of funds for a quick recovery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696110-ukraina-spodivaetsa-do-kinca-cervna-zibrati-ricnij-paket-kostiv-dla-svidkogo-vidnovlenna.html
In Odessa, the name of the designer and propagandist Lebedev erased from the tourist symbol of the city
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696045-v-odesi-z-turisticnogo-simvolu-mista-sterli-ima-dizajnera-ta-propagandista-lebedeva.html
In 2023, Ukraine will receive $ 3.5 billion in direct budget support from Japan
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/u-2023-roczi-ukrayina-otrymaye-vid-yaponiyi-35-mlrd-dolariv-ssha-pryamoyi-byudzhetnoyi-pidtrymky/
Witnesses of war crimes and victims of war will receive comprehensive and qualified assistance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/svidky-voyennyh-zlochyniv-ta-poterpili-vid-vijny-otrymayut-kompleksnu-ta-kvalifikovanu-dopomogu/
In Ukraine, the project of testing world unmanned technologies for the detection of mines in real conditions has started
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/v-ukrayini-startuvav-proekt-testuvannya-svitovyh-bezpilotnyh-tehnologij-z-vyyavlennya-min-v-realnyh-umovah/
Ukraine, Romania and Moldova will counteract Russian propaganda together
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/ukrayina-rumuniya-ta-moldova-razom-protydiyatymut-rosijskyj-propagandy/
According to SBU materials, prison terms received three more FSB informants
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/za-materialamy-sbu-tyuremni-stroky-otrymaly-shhe-try-informatory-fsb/
Minister of Energy of Ukraine: Until the Russians leave the NPP nuclear danger to all humanity
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/ministr-energetyky-ukrayiny-poky-rosiyany-ne-zalyshat-stancziyu-isnuye-yaderna-nebezpeka-dlya-usogo-lyudstva/
The Center for Combating Misinformation has released fakes and manipulations that the Russian Federation has spread over the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/czentr-protydiyi-dezinformacziyi-oprylyudnyv-fejky-ta-manipulyacziyi-yaki-rf-poshyryuvala-protyagom-mynuloyi-doby/
Defense forces in a day repelled 49 attacks of Russian troops
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/syly-oborony-za-dobu-vidbyly-49-atak-rosijskyh-vijsk/
For us every meter of land is strategically important - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/dlya-nas-kozhen-metr-zemli-ye-strategichno-vazhlyvym-ganna-malyar/
The Russians during the day struck 19 air strikes in the territory of Ukraine, the civilians - the General Staff were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/rosiyany-zavdaly-19-aviaudariv-po-terytoriyi-ukrayiny-postrazhdaly-myrni-gromadyany-genshtab/
The occupiers continue forced "certification" and force people to re -register vehicles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/okupanty-prodovzhuyut-prymusovu-pasportyzacziyu-ta-zmushuyut-lyudej-perereyestrovuvaty-transportni-zasoby/
Missile troops and artillery of defense forces struck 3 management points and 3 areas of concentration of Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/raketni-vijska-ta-artyleriya-syl-oborony-urazyly-3-punkty-upravlinnya-ta-3-rajony-zoseredzhennya-rosiyan/
In the border with Ukraine, areas of Kursk and Belgorod regions there is a military presence of Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/u-prykordonnyh-z-ukrayinoyu-rajonah-kurskoyi-ta-byelgorodskoyi-oblastej-zberigayetsya-vijskova-prysutnist-rosiyan/
Defense forces eliminated 500 invaders and destroyed 4 tanks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/syly-oborony-likviduvaly-500-okupantiv-ta-znyshhyly-4-tanky/
The Ministry of Health told how the prescription medicines for the needs of the front will be released
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/u-moz-rozpovily-yak-vidpuskatymutsya-reczepturni-liky-dlya-potreb-frontu/
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine named the three immediate steps necessary for the success of the Armed Forces on the battlefield
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/u-mzs-ukrayiny-nazvaly-try-negajnyh-kroky-neobhidnyh-dlya-uspihu-zsu-na-poli-boyu/
Bakhmut fighting: "Kholodnoyarivka" showed how they destroy Russian
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/boyi-za-bahmut-holodnoyarivczi-pokazaly-yak-nyshhat-rusnyu/
Army Ilya Kovtun is a bronze medalist of the European Gymnastics Championship
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/armiyecz-illya-kovtun-bronzovyj-pryze-chempionatu-yevropy-zi-sportyvnoyi-gimnastyky/
In Bakhmut, Ukrainians demilitarize and elite Russian units - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/u-bahmuti-ukrayinczi-demilitaryzuyut-i-elitni-rosijski-pidrozdily-sergij-cherevatyj/
The Ministry of Defense of Ukraine announced a competition for the name of Bohdan Khmelnitsky for 2023
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/u-minoborony-ukrayiny-ogolosyly-konkurs-na-zdobuttya-premiyi-im-bogdana-hmelnyczkogo-na-2023-rik/
За добу рятувальники майже двісті разів виїжджали на ліквідацію наслідків ворожих обстрілів
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-majzhe-dvisti-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-4/
Relatives of captive defenders of the Mariupol Brigade met with representatives of the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/rodychi-polonenyh-zahysnykiv-mariupolskoyi-brygady-zustrilysya-z-predstavnykamy-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu/
We are fruitfully working on the creation of a modern model of military education compatible with NATO and EU countries - Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/plidno-praczyuyemo-nad-stvorennyam-suchasnoyi-modeli-vijskovoyi-osvity-sumisnoyi-z-krayinamy-nato-ta-yes-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
Polish MiG-29 aircraft will improve the capabilities of our aviation brigades-Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/polski-litaky-mig-29-pokrashhat-spromozhnosti-nashyh-aviaczijnyh-brygad-yurij-ignat/
The date of the next meeting of the Contact Group on Defense of Ukraine in Ramstein format became known
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/stala-vidoma-data-nastupnoyi-zustrichi-kontaktnoyi-grupy-z-pytan-oborony-ukrayiny-u-formati-ramshtajn/
Pentagon at the end of the month will replace a combat group that trains Ukrainian military in Germany
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/pentagon-naprykinczi-misyaczya-provede-zaminu-bojovoyi-grupy-yaka-trenuye-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-u-nimechchyni/
У РНБО України закликали демократичний світ активно реагувати на воєнні злочини росії
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/u-rnbo-ukrayiny-zaklykaly-demokratychnyj-svit-aktyvno-reaguvaty-na-voyenni-zlochyny-rosiyi/
The EU imposed sanctions against Wagner PEC
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/yevrosoyuz-zaprovadyv-sankcziyi-proty-pvk-vagner/
Ukraine returned the bodies of another 82 fallen defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/ukrayina-povernula-tila-shhe-82-poleglyh-zahysnykiv/
Over the past day, the occupiers fired at 8 regions of Ukraine: 3 persons were killed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/za-mynulu-dobu-okupanty-obstrilyaly-8-oblastej-ukrayiny-zagynulo-3-osoby-2/
Ambassador United24 Mark Hemilli spent online meetings with Ukrainian warriors
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/ambasador-united24-mark-gemill-proviv-onlajn-zustrich-z-ukrayinskymy-voyinamy/
President of Ukraine: There is only one way to stop Russian terror - a military victory of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/prezydent-ukrayiny-ye-lyshe-odyn-shlyah-zupynyty-rosijskyj-teror-vijskova-peremoga-ukrayiny/
Ukrainians are urged not to attend mass gatherings on the eve of Easter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/ukrayincziv-zaklykayut-ne-vidviduvaty-masovyh-zibran-naperedodni-velykodnya/
They will judge the Russian intelligence agent who collected data on logistics paths of defense forces in Odesa region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/sudytymut-agenta-rosijskoyi-rozvidky-yakyj-zbyrav-dani-pro-logistychni-shlyahy-syl-oborony-na-odeshhyni/
NATO countries have provided to Ukraine about € 150 billion of assistance, 65 billion of them are military support
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/krayiny-nato-za-rik-nadaly-ukrayini-blyzko-e150-mlrd-dopomogy-z-nyh-65-mlrd-cze-vijskova-pidtrymka/
In Estonia, a unique exhibition of an independent Ukraine awards was presented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/v-estoniyi-prezentuvaly-unikalnu-vystavku-nagorod-nezalezhnoyi-ukrayiny/
More than 300 explosive objects and airbags were neutralized per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-300-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-ta-aviabombu/
Germany granted Poland permission to transfer to Ukraine the fighters of the MiG-29
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/nimechchyna-nadala-dozvil-polshhi-peredaty-ukrayini-vynyshhuvachi-mig-29/
Russian invaders can block staff at the Zaporozhye NPP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/rosijski-okupanty-mozhut-zablokuvaty-personal-na-zaporizkij-aes/
The land of the Ministry of Defense was returned to the land of 2.35 hectares
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/do-sfery-upravlinnya-minoborony-povernuto-zemelnu-dilyanku-ploshheyu-235-gektariv/
Russia has increased the number of ships in the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/rosiya-zbilshyla-kilkist-korabliv-u-chornomu-mori/
Summer Summer Field Supervisions are 100% performed by MOU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/zabezpechenist-vijskovyh-kostyumamy-litnimy-polovymy-vykonana-na-100-mou/
Russian elites for victory do not hope, there is an understanding of fatal hopelessness - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/rosijski-elity-na-peremogu-ne-spodivayutsya-ye-rozuminnya-fatalnoyi-beznadijnosti-gur/
Military Support from the Netherlands for Ukraine reached more than one billion euros
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/vijskova-pidtrymka-vid-niderlandiv-dlya-ukrayiny-syagnula-bilshe-milyarda-yevro/
Explosions at the Zaporozhye NPP: IAEA was offered to conclude a station protection agreement
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/vybuhy-na-zaporizkij-aes-u-magate-zaproponuvaly-uklasty-ugodu-shhodo-zahystu-stancziyi/
Alexei Danilov: Crimea is the territory of Ukraine, and we can test any modern weapons there
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/oleksij-danilov-krym-terytoriya-ukrayiny-i-my-mozhemo-vyprobuvaty-tam-bud-yake-suchasne-ozbroyennya/
Karaya fighter compared Russian "drying" with their Mig-29
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/lotchyk-vynyshhuvach-karaya-porivnyav-rosijski-sushky-zi-svoyim-mig-29/
Ukrainian tankers completed Leopard tanks in Poland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/ukrayinski-tankisty-zavershyly-navchannya-na-tankah-leopard-u-polshhi/
Soldiers are obligatory undergoing basic general and professional training - a statement
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/vijskovosluzhbovczi-v-obovyazkovomu-poryadku-prohodyat-bazovu-zagalnovijskovu-ta-fahovu-pidgotovku-zayava-syl-tro/
Front Situation and Defense Needs: President of Ukraine has a conversation with prem ’ Emergen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/sytuacziya-na-fronti-ta-oboronni-potreby-prezydent-ukrayiny-proviv-rozmovu-z-premyerom-brytaniyi/
The invaders fired the Slavic quarters again
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/okupanty-znovu-obstrilyaly-zhytlovi-kvartaly-slovyanska/
The Public Anti -Corruption Council under the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine began its work
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/gromadska-antykorupczijna-rada-pry-ministerstvi-oborony-ukrayiny-rozpochala-svoyu-robotu/
Divisions of missile troops and artillery struck three areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/pidrozdily-raketnyh-vijsk-i-artyleriyi-urazyly-3-rajony-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
The loss of the enemy in Bakhmut is several times higher. There are days when the higher tenfold is Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/vtraty-voroga-u-bahmuti-v-razy-vyshhi-buvayut-dni-koly-riznyczya-syagaye-10-ty-raziv-ganna-malyar/
The Armed Forces soldiers entered the melee with the enemy's prevailing forces and won
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/voyiny-zsu-vstupyly-u-blyzhnij-bij-z-perevazhayuchymy-sylamy-voroga-ta-vyjshly-z-nogo-peremozhczyamy/
As of now, 5 people were killed, 15 wounded - Pavel Kirilenko about a blow to Slavic
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/stanom-na-zaraz-5-lyudej-zagynuly-15-poraneni-pavlo-kyrylenko-pro-naslidky-udaru-po-slov%e2%80%b2yansku/
Horlivka's civilian medical facilities work about 185 Russian doctors who treat exclusively occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/u-czyvilnyh-medzakladah-gorlivky-praczyuye-blyzko-185-rosijskyh-medykiv-yaki-likuyut-vyklyuchno-svoyih-vijskovyh/
An unusual online auction took place at the war museum
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/u-muzeyi-vijny-vidbuvsya-nezvychajnyj-onlajn-aukczion/
Each meter of Ukrainian land should mean for the occupier the inevitability of losing Russia - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/kozhen-metr-ukrayinskoyi-zemli-maye-oznachaty-dlya-okupanta-nemynuchist-prograshu-rosiyi-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
In the Donetsk region, our defenders repelled about 40 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/na-donechchyni-za-dobu-nashi-zahysnyky-vidbyly-blyzko-40-vorozhyh-atak/
In a week, 23 vessels with almost one million tons of grain - Navy came out of Ukrainian ports
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/za-tyzhden-z-ukrayinskyh-portiv-vyjshly-23-sudna-iz-majzhe-miljonom-tonn-zerna/
The President of Ukraine celebrated 53 defenders state awards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/prezydent-ukrayiny-vidznachyv-derzhavnymy-nagorodamy-53-zahysnykiv/
Two more DNR fighters who participated in the occupation of Kharkiv region were identified
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/14/identyfikovano-shhe-dvoh-bojovykiv-dnr-yaki-braly-uchast-v-okupacziyi-harkivshhyny/
In the US put into operation underwater work with artificial intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3695825-u-ssa-vveli-v-ekspluataciu-pidvodnogo-robota-zi-stucnim-intelektom.html
No information origins will change the purpose of Ukraine to defeat Russia in the war - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696114-zodni-informacijni-vitoki-ne-zminat-meti-ukraini-peremogti-rosiu-u-vijni-smigal.html
путін підписав закон про електронні повістки та обмеження для ухилянтів
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696113-putin-pidpisav-zakon-pro-elektronni-povistki-ta-obmezenna-dla-uhilantiv.html
Up to $ 500 billion of frozen assets of the Russian Federation - Shmigal can be attracted to rebuild Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696112-smigal-dla-vidbudovi-ukraini-mozna-zaluciti-do-500-milardiv-zamorozenih-aktiviv-rf.html
Zelensky awarded the Order of Yaroslav the Wise Chairman of the Czech Senate and Parliament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696111-zelenskij-nagorodiv-ordenom-aroslava-mudrogo-goliv-ceskogo-senatu-ta-parlamentu.html
Zelensky awarded the Order of Yaroslav the Wise Chairman of the Czech Senate and Parliament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696111-zelenskij-nagorodiv-ordenom-aroslava-mudrogo-goliv-ceskogo-senatu-ta-parlamentu.html
Up to $ 500 billion of frozen assets of the Russian Federation - Shmigal can be attracted to rebuild Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696112-smigal-dla-vidbudovi-ukraini-mozna-zaluciti-do-500-milardiv-zamorozenih-aktiviv-rf.html
Putin has signed a law on electronic summons and restrictions for evasion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696113-putin-pidpisav-zakon-pro-elektronni-povistki-ta-obmezenna-dla-uhilantiv.html
No information origins will change the purpose of Ukraine to defeat Russia in the war - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696114-zodni-informacijni-vitoki-ne-zminat-meti-ukraini-peremogti-rosiu-u-vijni-smigal.html
CPD found basic manipulations from the world media per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/czpd-vyyavyv-osnovni-manipulyacziyi-vid-svitovyh-zmi-za-dobu/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====