乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-10

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

A new service is being created in Kiev - the Electronic Cabinet of Defender
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/u-kyyevi-stvoryuyut-novyj-servis-elektronnyj-kabinet-zahysnyka/
Russian terrorists deliberately try to aggravate the situation they have caused ecocid - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/rosijski-terorysty-svidomo-namagayutsya-pogirshyty-sytuacziyu-yaku-vony-sprychynyly-ekoczydom-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Ukrainian Marines showed how they study with the help of "Javelins" to destroy the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/ukrayinski-morpihy-pokazaly-yak-navchayutsya-za-dopomogoyu-dzhaveliniv-nyshhaty-okupantiv/
In Crimea, Russian media silence the fact
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/u-krymu-rosijski-zmi-zamovchuyut-fakt-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-shhob-unyknuty-paniky-sered-naselennya/
What kind of dangerous objects on the banks of the Dnieper and the Black Sea coast
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/vazhlyvo-yak-vyglyadayut-najnebezpechnishi-predmety-na-uzberezhzhi-dnipra-ta-chornogo-morya/
In Donetsk, the Akhmat unit robs the civilian population
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/u-doneczku-rashystskyj-pidrozdil-ahmat-grabuye-czyvilne-naselennya/
Enemy Loss per day: Over 1000 invaders were eliminated, 34 artistem and 24 BBM were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-ponad-1000-okupantiv-znyshheno-34-artsystemy-i-24-bbm/
At night air defense forces destroyed 14 Russian drones and four winged missiles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/unochi-syly-ppo-znyshhyly-14-rosijskyh-droniv-ta-chotyry-krylati-rakety/
7 deputies of the State Duma of the Russian Federation, who voted for recognition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/7-deputativ-derzhdumy-rf-yaki-golosuvaly-za-vyznannya-psevdorespublik-lnr-ta-dnr-zasudzheno-na-15-rokiv/
The ZPP continues to pump water to cool from the Kakhovka reservoir, although its level is already lower than the critical mark
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/zaes-prodovzhuye-vidkachuvaty-oholodzhuyuchu-vodu-z-kahovskogo-vodoshovyshha-hocha-riven-vody-vzhe-nyzhche-krytychnoyi-poznachky/
15 years will be held behind the lattice by the DNR fighter who robbed houses in Kakhovka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/15-rokiv-provede-za-gratamy-bojovyk-dnr-yakyj-grabuvav-budynky-v-kahovczi/
The main narratives that promote the Russian media on the war of the Russian Federation against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/osnovni-naratyvy-shho-prosuvayut-rosijski-zmi-shhodo-vijny-rf-proty-ukrayiny/
In Ukraine, the first payments for housing repairs have started: Equinal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/v-ukrayini-startuvaly-pershi-vyplaty-dopomogy-na-remont-zhytla-yevidnovlennya/
During the last day, the Russians have inflicted 7 rocket launchers and 43 aviation strikes in Ukraine - there are victims
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-rosiyany-zavdaly-7-raketnyh-ta-43-aviaczijnyh-udary-po-ukrayini-ye-postrazhdali/
Defense forces in the past day destroyed 6 enemy shock and 4 reconnaissance UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/syly-oborony-znyshhyly-6-vorozhyh-udarnyh-ta-4-rozviduvalnyh-bpla/
The aggressive war of the Russian Federation against Ukraine began as a carefully planned information war - the resolution of the European Parliament
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/agresyvna-vijna-rf-proty-ukrayiny-pochalasya-yak-retelno-splanovana-informaczijna-vijna-rezolyucziya-yevroparlamentu/
Dmytro Kuleba discussed military assistance with the US Secretary of State and undermining the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/dmytro-kuleba-obgovoryv-z-derzhsekretarem-ssha-vijskovu-dopomogu-ta-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges/
The Ministry of Defense begins to operate an accelerator of innovative development
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/u-minoborony-rozpochynaye-diyaty-akselerator-innovaczijnogo-rozvytku/
The Armed Forces call the residents of the Left Bank of Kherson region to transfer data on changes in the positions of the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/zsu-zaklykayut-meshkancziv-livoberezhzhya-hersonshhyny-peredavaty-dani-pro-zminy-pozyczij-okupantiv/
45 days instead of 2 years: now the latest technologies will be introduced in the Armed Forces much faster
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/45-dniv-zamist-2-rokiv-vidteper-novitni-tehnologiyi-zaprovadzhuvatymut-u-zsu-znachno-shvydshe/
Ukrainian Aviation has made 16 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/ukrayinska-aviacziya-zavdala-16-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
Defense forces per day repelled 43 attacks of invaders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/syly-oborony-za-dobu-vidbyly-43-ataky-okupantiv/
During the evacuation of residents from the flood zone in Kherson, terrorists fired the rescuers again
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/pid-chas-evakuacziyi-meshkancziv-iz-zony-pidtoplen-u-hersoni-terorysty-vkotre-obstrilyaly-ryatuvalnykiv/
The water level in Kherson decreased by more than a meter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721135-riven-vodi-u-hersoni-znizivsa-bils-ak-na-metr.html
The Russian army fired the Pokrovsky community in Nikopol region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721133-rosijska-armia-obstrilala-pokrovsku-gromadu-na-nikopolsini.html
In Dnipro at the Mechnikov Hospital rescued 95% of the wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721137-u-dnipri-v-likarni-mecnikova-vratuvali-95-poranenih.html
The players of the national team of Ukraine beat Brazil and went out to the semifinals of the World Cup 2023 with SOCCA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721130-futbolisti-zbirnoi-ukraini-obigrali-braziliu-i-vijsli-do-pivfinalu-cs2023-iz-socca.html
Parliament has approved as a basis a law on clarification of the procedure of selection of judges of the CCU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721129-parlament-uhvaliv-za-osnovu-zakonoproekt-pro-utocnenna-proceduri-vidboru-suddiv-ksu.html
In Ukraine tomorrow will rain - in some places of thunderstorms and hail
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721004-v-ukraini-zavtra-dositime-podekudi-grozi-ta-grad.html
In Lviv region, about 40 households have been flooded due to raising the water level in the Skhidnychanka River
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721134-na-lvivsini-cerez-pidnatta-rivna-vodi-u-ricci-shidnicanka-pidtopleni-blizko-40-domogospodarstv.html
Near Nikopol a rail
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721151-poblizu-nikopola-prosilo-zaliznicne-polotno.html
In Odessa, as a result of the night attack of drones from the explosive wave, 290 apartments were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721158-v-odesi-v-rezultati-nicnoi-ataki-droniv-vid-vibuhovoi-hvili-postrazdali-290-kvartir.html
In Dnipropetrovsk, a water transportation was organized in the victim of the city and village
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720930-na-dnipropetrovsini-organizuvali-pidviz-vodi-v-postrazdali-mista-j-sela.html
The Charity Cup of the Judo Federation was held in Kropyvnytskyi
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720929-u-kropivnickomu-projsov-blagodijnij-kubok-federacii-dzudo.html
The Crimean collaborator revealed details
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3720931-krimskij-kolaborant-rozkriv-podrobici-pidgotovki-rosianami-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-rozvidka.html
Russia holds in the Black and Azov Seas ten ships - there is no rocket car
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720932-rosia-trimae-u-cornomu-ta-azovskomu-morah-desat-korabliv-raketonosiiv-nemae.html
Putin acknowledged that the Ukrainian counter -offensive began and the Armed Forces have the potential - ISW
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720939-putin-viznav-so-ukrainskij-kontrnastup-rozpocavsa-i-zsu-maut-potencial-isw.html
Information about the course of hostilities is an element of the operation plan - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720942-informacia-pro-hid-bojovih-dij-e-elementom-planu-operacii-malar.html
In the flooded Oleshkiv community, the military is engaged in looting - the mayor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720946-u-zatoplenij-oleskivskij-gromadi-vijskovi-rf-zajmautsa-maroderstvom-mer.html
In Ukraine with the participation of the World Bank will be modernization of medical institutions in all areas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3720948-v-ukraini-za-ucasti-svitovogo-banku-provedut-modernizaciu-medzakladiv-u-vsih-oblastah.html
In the Kherson region, the Armed Forces hit Russian invaders on the Arabat arrow - Khlan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720949-na-hersonsini-zsu-vdarili-po-rosijskih-zagarbnikah-na-arabatskij-strilci-hlan.html
The network showed what the Kakhovka reservoir looks like after blasting the HPP Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721154-u-merezi-pokazali-kadri-ak-vigladae-kahovske-vodoshovise-pisla-pidrivu-rosianami-ges.html
The Russians wounded in Kherson three police officers and a girl
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720952-rosiani-poranili-na-hersonsini-troh-policejskih-ta-divcinu.html
Ukraine and Switzerland have discussed cooperation on finding missing persons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720953-ukraina-i-svejcaria-obgovorili-spivpracu-sodo-posuku-zniklih-bezvisti.html
In Singapore begins the stage of the world series with beach struggle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720954-u-singapuri-rozpocinaetsa-etap-svitovoi-serii-z-plaznoi-borotbi.html
Russian troops fired at the border of Sumy and Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720960-vijska-rf-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-ta-cernigivsini.html
The 3x3 Basketball Basketball Teams started in the euro selection
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720958-zbirni-ukraini-z-basketbolu-3h3-z-peremog-startuvali-u-vidbori-evro.html
The water level in Ingulka in Kherson region increased by 6 meters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720959-riven-vodi-v-ingulci-na-hersonsini-pidvisivsa-na-6-metriv.html
Justin Trudeau arrived in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720965-dzastin-trudo-pribuv-do-kieva.html
The rival of Ukraine's football players in the euro selection has won an unexpected victory
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720964-supernik-futbolistiv-ukraini-u-vidbori-evro-zdobuv-nespodivanu-peremogu.html
The General Staff showed how Ukrainian military in Britain is studying the battle in the woods
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720970-genstab-pokazav-ak-ukrainski-vijskovi-u-britanii-navcautsa-vedennu-bou-v-umovah-lisu.html
Underwaring Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power: The sea in Odessa turns into a landfill
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720976-pidriv-grebli-kahovskoi-ges-more-na-odesini-peretvoruetsa-na-smittezvalise.html
Rolan Harros -2023: A men's paired finale won the Croatian-American tandem
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721159-rolan-garros2023-colovicij-parnij-final-vigrav-horvatskoamerikanskij-tandem.html
The US Congress was again submitted by a law on Russia's recognition by the state-sponsor of terrorism
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720981-do-kongresu-ssa-znovu-podali-zakonoproekt-pro-viznanna-rosii-derzavousponsorom-terorizmu.html
At the checkpoint "Yagodin-Dorogusk" resumed the movement of trucks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720983-u-punkti-propusku-agodindorogusk-vidnovili-ruh-vantazivok.html
For the residents of Kherson region organized evacuation routes - Ministry of Reintegration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720985-dla-ziteliv-hersonsini-organizuvali-evakuacijni-marsruti-minreintegracii.html
NBU did not make any decisions to ban foreign currency exchange
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720986-nbu-ne-uhvaluvav-zodnih-normativnopravovih-aktiv-pro-zaboronu-obminu-inozemnoi-valuti.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
In Odessa the personnel of the Navy boat destroyed three drones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720988-na-odesini-osobovij-sklad-katera-vms-znisiv-tri-droni-shahed.html
Asia countries are increasingly leaning to Ukraine's support - the Defense Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720989-kraini-azii-vse-bilse-shilautsa-do-pidtrimki-ukraini-minoboroni.html
The captain of Kharkiv Berserkov will perform from the Kyiv Capitalz HC.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720991-z-hk-kiiv-kepitalz-vistupatime-kapitan-harkivskih-berserkiv.html
In Kyiv region, two people were killed as a result of an accident, eight more were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720992-na-kiivsini-vnaslidok-dtp-zaginuli-dvoe-ludej-i-se-vosmero-postrazdali.html
RheinMetall head told how German technique showed itself on the battlefield in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720993-glava-rheinmetall-rozpoviv-ak-nimecka-tehnika-pokazala-sebe-na-poli-bou-v-ukraini.html
In Kiev, only 15% of shelters are suitable for use without significant remarks - Kamyshin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3720994-u-kievi-lise-15-ukrittiv-pridatni-do-vikoristanna-bez-suttevih-zauvazen-kamisin.html
Victims from rocket attack in Odesa region will repair housing or give a new
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3720996-postrazdalim-vid-raketnoi-ataki-na-odesini-vidremontuut-zitlo-abo-nadadut-nove.html
Belgium has allocated € 1.5 million to generators to overcome the consequences
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721000-belgia-vidilila-15-miljona-na-generatori-dla-podolanna-naslidkiv-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Rivne region sent help to the Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721002-rivnensina-vidpravila-dopomogu-v-hersonsku-oblast.html
Canada has imposed sanctions against Yanukovych and other Russian collaborators
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721161-kanada-zaprovadila-sankcii-proti-anukovica-ta-insih-rosijskih-kolaborantiv.html
The Russians with Smerch RSSV fired at the community near Zaporozhye
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721007-rosiani-z-rszv-smerc-obstrilali-gromadu-pid-zaporizzam.html
Local specialists - the head of the concern will work at the RheinMetall tank plant in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721008-na-tankovomu-zavodi-rheinmetall-v-ukraini-pracuvatimut-miscevi-specialisti-kerivnik-koncernu.html
Artek-Bukovel camp will accept the pupils
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721010-tabir-artekbukovel-prijme-vihovanciv-ditbudinkiv-hersonsini-zelenska.html
Russians do not open humanitarian corridors to help people in the flooded area - Vereshchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721013-rosiani-ne-vidkrivaut-gumanitarni-koridori-dla-dopomogi-ludam-na-zatoplenij-teritorii-veresuk.html
The militants have taken an attack on a restaurant in Somali capital, nine dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721014-bojoviki-vcinili-napad-na-restoran-u-stolici-somali-devatero-zagiblih.html
Canada has announced a new military assistance package to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721017-kanada-ogolosila-pro-novij-paket-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
In Odessa, the intelligence forum began work 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3721016-v-odesi-rozpocav-robotu-intelektforum-2023.html
Currently, 30% of the Kherson-Yermak Nature Reserve Fund is endangered
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721022-narazi-pid-zagrozou-zniknenna-30-prirodnozapovidnogo-fondu-hersonsini-ermak.html
Monobank has allocated 5 million to eliminate the consequences
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721024-monobank-vidiliv-5-miljoniv-na-likvidaciu-naslidkiv-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Spaniard Dias returned to Real Madrid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721026-ispanec-dias-povernuvsa-v-real.html
The Russians deliberately damaged Kakhovskaya Hydroe Dam - Isw
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721029-rosiani-navmisno-poskodili-greblu-kahovskoi-ges-isw.html
Night attack on Odesa region: Among the victims are four children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721031-nicna-ataka-na-odesinu-sered-poterpilih-cetvero-ditej.html
Russia received hundreds of drones for attacks on Ukraine - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721035-rosia-otrimala-vid-iranu-sotni-bezpilotnikiv-dla-atak-na-ukrainu-bilij-dim.html
Counter -offensive acts are taking place in Ukraine - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721041-v-ukraini-vidbuvautsa-kontrnastupalni-dii-zelenskij.html
Thunderstorm is expected in the capital: Kyivavtodor works in enhanced mode
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3721039-u-stolici-ocikuetsa-groza-kiivavtodor-pracue-u-posilenomu-rezimi.html
The area of flooded territories of Kherson region has halved - ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721164-plosa-zatoplenih-teritorij-hersonsini-zmensilasa-vdvici-ova.html
Britain will provide Ukraine with humanitarian aid of £ 16 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721036-britania-nadast-ukraini-gumanitarnu-dopomogu-u-rozmiri-16-miljoniv.html
Canada imposes sanctions against the destruction of Ukrainian cultural monuments
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3721048-kanada-zaprovadzue-sankcii-proti-pricetnih-do-rujnuvanna-ukrainskih-kulturnih-pamatok.html
The bilateral meeting of Zelensky and Trudeau began
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721050-rozpocalasa-dvostoronna-zustric-zelenskogo-i-trudo.html
Kakhovskaya Dam: Mykolaiv region is completely cut off the ways to one of the villages
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721055-pidriv-kahovskoi-dambi-na-mikolaivsini-povnistu-vidrizani-slahi-do-odnogo-iz-sil.html
20 tons of bottled water were handed over from the Carpathian region to Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721057-iz-prikarpatta-na-hersonsinu-peredali-20-tonn-butilovanoi-vodi.html
In the Nikolaev area a man shot three people and commit suicide
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721060-na-mikolaivsini-colovik-zastreliv-troh-ludej-i-skoiv-samogubstvo.html
Sholtz plans to talk to Putin soon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721061-solc-planue-nezabarom-pogovoriti-z-putinim.html
Canada has started confiscation of a Russian aircraft in favor of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721062-kanada-rozpocala-konfiskaciu-rosijskogo-litaka-na-korist-ukraini.html
Zelensky will discuss with Duda meeting leaders of France, Germany and Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721064-zelenskij-obgovorit-iz-dudou-zustric-lideriv-francii-frn-i-polsi.html
Canada has allocated more than $ 36 million to help flooded regions of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721065-kanada-vidilila-ponad-36-miljoniv-na-dopomogu-zatoplenim-regionam-ukraini.html
The painter gave gratitude to the president's brigades who are currently active fighting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721068-malar-peredala-podaku-prezidenta-brigadam-aki-zaraz-vedut-aktivni-bojovi-dii.html
In the Ingulets River in Kherson region found excess of the permissible level of harmful substances
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721069-u-ricci-ingulec-na-hersonsini-viavili-perevisenna-dopustimogo-rivna-skidlivih-recovin.html
In Zaporozhye Water in Lower Biet below a permissible level by almost a meter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721070-u-zaporizzi-voda-u-niznomu-befi-nizce-dopustimogo-rivna-majze-na-metr.html
Bilodid: IJF allows Russian servicemen to competition is a parallel reality
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721071-bilodid-ijf-dopuskae-do-zmagan-rosijskih-vijskovosluzbovciv-ce-paralelna-realnist.html
The destruction of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station is the result of Russian aggression - Trudeau
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721073-rujnuvanna-kahovskoi-ges-e-naslidkom-rosijskoi-agresii-trudo.html
Fiji occurred an earthquake of magnitude 5.7
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721053-na-fidzi-stavsa-zemletrus-magnitudou-57.html
Zelensky and Trudeau adopted a joint declaration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721074-zelenskij-i-trudo-uhvalili-spilnu-deklaraciu.html
The Russians again fired at mortars and artillery of Sumy region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721157-rosiani-znovu-obstrilali-z-minometiv-i-artilerii-prikordonna-sumsini.html
The enemy fired an industrial enterprise in Guliaypoli
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721076-vorog-obstrilav-promislove-pidpriemstvo-v-gulajpoli.html
Canada Prime Minister is convinced that Ukraine will become a member of NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721077-premer-kanadi-perekonanij-so-ukraina-stane-clenom-nato.html
Kyiv region sent another party of assistance to Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721079-kiivsina-vidpravila-na-hersonsinu-cergovu-partiu-dopomogi.html
Russian troops hit the frontline communities in Zaporozhye, two dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721082-vijska-rf-vdarili-po-prifrontovih-gromadah-na-zaporizzi-dvoe-zagiblih.html
Canada officially joins a aircraft coalition - OP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721081-kanada-oficijno-priednuetsa-do-koalicii-litakiv-op.html
In Kiev, several streets and areas of the Left Bank metro station were flooded due to the downfall
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3721083-u-kievi-cerez-zlivu-pidtopleni-kilka-vulic-ta-rajon-stancii-metro-livoberezna.html
In the Bakhmut direction, border guards shot a grenade launcher with a group of Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721086-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-prikordonniki-postrilom-iz-granatometa-zneskodili-grupu-rosian.html
Klimenko has instructed to speed up the arrangement in Dnipropetrovsk new wells
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721087-klimenko-doruciv-prisvidsiti-oblastuvanna-na-dnipropetrovsini-novih-sverdlovin.html
Underwinning Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: the Council approved a resolution on the UN appeal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721090-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-rada-uhvalila-postanovu-pro-zvernenna-do-oon.html
Canada has become 20 countries that signed a declaration in support of Ukraine's membership in NATO - OP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721093-kanada-stala-20u-krainou-aka-pidpisala-deklaraciu-na-pidtrimku-clenstva-ukraini-v-nato-op.html
There are eight communities in Dnipropetrovsk without water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721095-na-dnipropetrovsini-bez-vodi-perebuvae-visim-gromad.html
Canada will support the system of psychological assistance to Ukrainians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721165-kanada-pidtrimae-sistemu-psihologicnoi-dopomogi-ukraincam.html
The Council made it impossible to manipulate while buying and selling electricity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721097-rada-unemozlivila-manipulacii-pid-cas-kupivli-ta-prodazu-elektroenergii.html
The weather is coming to Ukraine - forecasters warn of thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720999-na-ukrainu-nasuvaetsa-negoda-sinoptiki-poperedzaut-pro-grozi.html
Parliament has increased their vacations to the military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721096-parlament-zbilsiv-vidpustki-vijskovim.html
"Ingulets" and "LNZ" exchanged goals in the first match for disposal from UPL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721098-veres-postupivsa-mfk-metalurgu-v-persomu-matci-na-vibuvanna-z-upl.html
Ukrainians should always take care of each other - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721102-ukrainci-maut-zavzdi-dbati-odne-pro-odnogo-zelenskij.html
The mission of the International Criminal Court arrived in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721105-na-hersonsinu-pribula-misia-miznarodnogo-kriminalnogo-sudu.html
From Kherson and Mykolaiv regions, more than three thousand people were evacuated - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721106-z-hersonskoi-ta-mikolaivskoi-oblastej-evakuuvali-ponad-tri-tisaci-ludej-prezident.html
Schwontek beat Mukhov and won Rolan Harros
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721107-svontek-obigrala-muhovu-i-peremogla-na-rolan-garros.html
SBU special forces in a week destroyed 15 armor with Russian military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720977-specpriznacenci-sbu-za-tizden-znisili-15-blindaziv-iz-rosijskimi-vijskovimi.html
Ukrainian Aviation has struck the enemy of 17 beats
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721111-ukrainska-aviacia-zavdala-po-vorogu-17-udariv.html
Parliament has approved a new version of the Consumer Protection Act
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721117-parlament-uhvaliv-novu-redakciu-zakonu-pro-zahist-prav-spozivaciv.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
The Ukrainian sailing championship was held for the first time in Lviv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721120-cempionat-ukraini-z-vitrilnogo-sportu-vperse-vidbuvsa-na-lvivsini.html
Due to the blasting of the Russians Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Persons, 29 people are considered missing persons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720969-cerez-pidriv-rosianami-kahovskoi-ges-zniklimi-bezvisti-vvazautsa-27-ludej.html
Shmigal discussed the participation of Canada in the reconstruction of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3721136-smigal-obgovoriv-iz-trudo-ucast-kanadi-u-vidbudovi-ukraini.html
Morshyn gave the status of a resort of national importance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721123-morsinu-nadali-status-kurortu-derzavnogo-znacenna.html
Canada's premiere made in the Verkhovna Rada
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721126-premer-kanadi-vistupiv-u-verhovnij-radi.html
BP supported the bill on the temporary ban on the sale of cigarettes in Deuti Frees
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721125-vr-pidtrimala-zakonoproekt-pro-timcasovu-zaboronu-prodazu-sigaret-u-dutifri.html
In Ukraine tomorrow will rain - in some places of thunderstorms and hail
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721004-v-ukraini-zavtra-dositime-podekudi-grozi-ta-grad.html
Parliament has approved as a basis a law on clarification of the procedure of selection of judges of the CCU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721129-parlament-uhvaliv-za-osnovu-zakonoproekt-pro-utocnenna-proceduri-vidboru-suddiv-ksu.html
The players of the national team of Ukraine beat Brazil and went out to the semifinals of the World Cup 2023 with SOCCA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721130-futbolisti-zbirnoi-ukraini-obigrali-braziliu-i-vijsli-do-pivfinalu-cs2023-iz-socca.html
In Dnipro at the Mechnikov Hospital rescued 95% of the wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721137-u-dnipri-v-likarni-mecnikova-vratuvali-95-poranenih.html
The Russian army fired the Pokrovsky community in Nikopol region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721133-rosijska-armia-obstrilala-pokrovsku-gromadu-na-nikopolsini.html
The water level in Kherson decreased by more than a meter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721135-riven-vodi-u-hersoni-znizivsa-bils-ak-na-metr.html
In Lviv region, about 40 households have been flooded due to raising the water level in the Skhidnychanka River
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721134-na-lvivsini-cerez-pidnatta-rivna-vodi-u-ricci-shidnicanka-pidtopleni-blizko-40-domogospodarstv.html
Shmigal discussed the participation of Canada in the reconstruction of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3721136-smigal-obgovoriv-iz-trudo-ucast-kanadi-u-vidbudovi-ukraini.html
Manchester City won the UEFA Champions League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721169-mancester-siti-vigrav-ligu-cempioniv-uefa.html
In the Kherson region, they were banned from swimming in reservoirs, catching and consuming fish
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721142-na-hersonsini-zaboronili-kupatisa-u-vodojmah-loviti-ta-spozivati-ribu.html
The Council supported the mandatory restructuring of consumer loans for IDPs at the time of martial law
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721143-rada-pidtrimala-obovazkovu-restrukturizaciu-spozivcih-kreditiv-dla-vpo-na-cas-voennogo-stanu.html
In the flooded Skhidnytsia, 20 people were rescued, five of whom are children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721146-u-pidtoplenij-shidnici-vratuvali-20-osib-patero-z-akih-diti.html
Macron warned Iran of the consequences through the supply of drones to
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721147-makron-poperediv-iran-pro-naslidki-cerez-postacanna-bezpilotnikiv-do-rosii.html
Gymnast Ilya Kovtun won "gold" and "bronze" on the world call Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721149-gimnast-illa-kovtun-zdobuv-zoloto-ta-bronzu-na-kubku-svitovogo-vikliku.html
In Kharkiv region a rescuer was killed by a recurrent enemy shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721152-na-harkivsini-vid-povtornogo-vorozogo-obstrilu-zaginuv-ratuvalnik.html
Near Nikopol a rail
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721151-poblizu-nikopola-prosilo-zaliznicne-polotno.html
In Odessa, as a result of the night attack of drones from the explosive wave, 290 apartments were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721158-v-odesi-v-rezultati-nicnoi-ataki-droniv-vid-vibuhovoi-hvili-postrazdali-290-kvartir.html
The network showed what the Kakhovka reservoir looks like after blasting the HPP Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721154-u-merezi-pokazali-kadri-ak-vigladae-kahovske-vodoshovise-pisla-pidrivu-rosianami-ges.html
Rolan Harros -2023: A men's paired finale won the Croatian-American tandem
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721159-rolan-garros2023-colovicij-parnij-final-vigrav-horvatskoamerikanskij-tandem.html
Canada has imposed sanctions against Yanukovych and other Russian collaborators
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721161-kanada-zaprovadila-sankcii-proti-anukovica-ta-insih-rosijskih-kolaborantiv.html
The area of flooded territories of Kherson region has halved - ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721164-plosa-zatoplenih-teritorij-hersonsini-zmensilasa-vdvici-ova.html
The Russians again fired at mortars and artillery of Sumy region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721157-rosiani-znovu-obstrilali-z-minometiv-i-artilerii-prikordonna-sumsini.html
Canada will support the system of psychological assistance to Ukrainians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721165-kanada-pidtrimae-sistemu-psihologicnoi-dopomogi-ukraincam.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
Manchester City won the UEFA Champions League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721169-mancester-siti-vigrav-ligu-cempioniv-uefa.html
In the Kherson region, they were banned from swimming in reservoirs, catching and consuming fish
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721142-na-hersonsini-zaboronili-kupatisa-u-vodojmah-loviti-ta-spozivati-ribu.html
The US gives Ukraine a new military assistance package of $ 2.1 billion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/ssha-dayut-ukrayini-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-na-21-mlrd/
The racists escaped from combat positions in Luhansk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/rashysty-povtikaly-z-bojovyh-pozyczij-na-luganshhyni-2/
Ukraine has agreed with the World Bank on a quick assessment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/ukrayina-domovylasya-zi-svitovym-bankom-pro-shvydku-oczinku-zbytkiv-vid-katastrofy-na-kahovskij-ges-premyer-ministr-2/
Discovered the fish of the fish - inform the State Fisheries Agency
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/vyyavyly-mor-ryby-povidomte-derzhrybagentstvo/
The Cabinet has approved changes that will contribute to the development of catastrophe medicine by world standards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/kabmin-zatverdyv-zminy-yaki-spryyatymut-rozvytku-medyczyny-katastrof-za-svitovymy-standartamy/
The Council supported the mandatory restructuring of consumer loans for IDPs at the time of martial law
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721143-rada-pidtrimala-obovazkovu-restrukturizaciu-spozivcih-kreditiv-dla-vpo-na-cas-voennogo-stanu.html
Police continues to deliver humanitarian aid to the residents of flooded territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/policziya-prodovzhuye-dostavlyaty-meshkanczyam-pidtoplenyh-terytorij-gumanitarnu-dopomogu/
Over the past day, the enemy has inflicted 8 rocket launchers and 74 aircraft
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/za-mynulu-dobu-vorog-zavdav-8-raketnyh-ta-74-aviaudariv/
Asia countries are increasingly leaning to Ukraine's support - Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Volodymyr Gavrilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/krayiny-aziyi-vse-bilshe-shylyayutsya-do-pidtrymky-ukrayiny-zastupnyk-ministra-oborony-ukrayiny-volodymyrgavrylov/
Ukraine at the Vilnius Summit will receive an algorithm of joining NATO - Vladimir Gavrilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/ukrayina-na-vilnyuskomu-samiti-otrymaye-algorytm-vstupu-do-nato-zastupnyk-ministra-oborony-gavrylov/
Enemy Loss per day: Almost 900 invaders were eliminated, 15 artisystems and 8 tanks were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-majzhe-900-okupantiv-znyshheno-15-artsystemy-ta-8-tankiv/
In the flooded Skhidnytsia, 20 people were rescued, five of whom are children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721146-u-pidtoplenij-shidnici-vratuvali-20-osib-patero-z-akih-diti.html
Deputy Minister of Defense told what OWT development is now the most relevant for the army
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/zastupnyk-ministra-oborony-rozpoviv-yaki-rozrobky-ovt-narazi-ye-najbilsh-aktualnymy-dlya-vijska/
At night the air defense forces destroyed 2 missiles and 20 shahad enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/vnochi-syly-ppo-znyshhyly-2-rakety-i-20-shahed-protyvnyka/
More than 1500 children were injured in Russian aggression as a result of Russian aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/vnaslidok-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-postrazhdalo-ponad-1500-ditej/
The daughter will never meet Dad …
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/donechka-nikoly-ne-zustrinetsya-z-tatkom/
There are no hostile rocket launchers in the Black and Azov Seas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/u-chornomu-ta-azovskomu-moryah-narazi-nemaye-vorozhyh-raketonosiyiv-2/
Macron warned Iran of the consequences through the supply of drones to
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721147-makron-poperediv-iran-pro-naslidki-cerez-postacanna-bezpilotnikiv-do-rosii.html
Information about the course of fighting is an element of the operation plan - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/informacziya-pro-perebig-bojovyh-dij-ye-elementom-planu-operacziyi-ganna-malyar/
The assets of the agro -enterprise of the Russian deputy of Belgorod region were arrested
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/areshtovano-aktyvy-agropidpryyemstva-rosijskogo-deputata-byelgorodskoyi-oblasti/
The border of Sumy and Chernihiv region in the morning was fired from the artillery and mortars
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/prykordonnya-sumshhyny-j-chernigivshhyny-zranku-obstrilyaly-zi-stvolnoyi-artyleriyi-ta-minometiv/
NSU is evacuating the victims who found themselves in a water trap in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/ngu-zdijsnyuye-evakuacziyu-postrazhdalyh-yaki-opynylysya-u-vodyanij-pastczi-na-hersonshhyni/
In Odessa border guards fix the sea turns into a landfill and an animal cemetery
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/na-odeshhyni-prykordonnyky-fiksuyut-yak-more-peretvoryuyetsya-na-smittyezvalyshhe-ta-kladovyshhe-tvaryn/
Our aviation over the past day has struck 19 beats by the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/nasha-aviacziya-za-mynulu-dobu-zavdala-19-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
Loved ones should not disclose information about the place of maintenance of their defenders - the coordination
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/blyzki-ne-povynni-rozgoloshuvaty-informacziyu-pro-miscze-utrymannya-svoyih-oboroncziv-koordshtab/
In Kherson region, the occupiers allow evacuation to people with Russian passports
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/na-hersonshhyni-okupanty-dozvolyayut-evakuacziyu-lyshe-lyudyam-z-rosijskymy-pasportamy/
In Odessa the personnel of the Navy boat destroyed three drones
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/na-odeshhyni-osobovyj-sklad-katera-vms-znyshhyv-try-drony-shahed/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Gymnast Ilya Kovtun won "gold" and "bronze" on the world call Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721149-gimnast-illa-kovtun-zdobuv-zoloto-ta-bronzu-na-kubku-svitovogo-vikliku.html
The government has created an interagency working group of anti -corruption digital tools
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/uryad-stvoryv-mizhvidomchu-robochu-grupu-z-antykorupczijnyh-czyfrovyh-instrumentiv/
Wounded in their hands, because any technique was destroyed by the Russians immediately
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/poranenyh-vynosyly-na-rukah-bo-bud-yaku-tehniku-rosiyany-vidrazu-znyshhuvaly/
For active effective actions of 5-A OSHBR and 35th URMP received letters of thanks written by President of Ukraine.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/za-aktyvni-rezultatyvni-diyi-5-a-oshb-ta-35-a-obmp-otrymaly-lysty-podyaky-vlasnoruch-napysani-prezydentom-ukrayiny/
"We know everything about the enemy and work on ahead of the enemy - destroying his living power and military equipment" - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/my-znayemo-pro-voroga-vse-ta-praczyuyemo-na-vyperedzhennya-znyshhuyuchy-jogo-zhyvu-sylu-ta-vijskovu-tehniku-sergij-cherevatyj/
Canada supports Ukraine's NATO membership-the Presidential Declaration of Ukraine and Canada Prime Minister
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/kanada-pidtrymuye-nabuttya-ukrayinoyu-chlenstva-v-nato-spilna-deklaracziya-prezydenta-ukrayiny-ta-premyer-ministra-kanady/
The Minister of Defense presented farmers to the departmental awards for contribution to victory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/ministr-oborony-vruchyv-agrariyam-vidomchi-nagorody-za-vnesok-u-peremogu/
Justin Trudeau declared military assistance to Ukraine of $ 500 million
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/kanada-zbilshuye-vijskovu-dopomogu-ukrayini-na-500-mln-kanadskyh-dolariv-dzhastin-tryudo/
Swedish instructors in the United Kingdom teach Ukrainian military combat in the woods
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/shveczki-instruktory-u-velykij-brytaniyi-navchayut-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-vedennyu-boyu-u-lisi/
In Berdyansk invaders mask losses in the city morgue
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/u-berdyansku-okupanty-maskuyut-vtraty-na-terytoriyi-miskogo-morgu/
Evacuation routes were organized for residents of Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/dlya-zhyteliv-hersonshhyny-organizuvaly-evakuaczijni-marshruty/
In Kharkiv region a rescuer was killed by a recurrent enemy shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721152-na-harkivsini-vid-povtornogo-vorozogo-obstrilu-zaginuv-ratuvalnik.html
Ukrainian meaning for international relations is that we must take care of each other - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/ukrayinskyj-sens-dlya-mizhnarodnyh-vidnosyn-polyagaye-v-tomu-shho-my-mayemo-dbaty-odne-pro-odnogo-zavzhdy-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
In the Nikolaev area, through the undermining of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, the entrances to the village with hundreds of residents
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/na-mykolayivshhyni-cherez-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-vidrizani-pidyizdy-do-sela-z-sotnyamy-meshkancziv/
29 people are considered missing in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/na-hersonshhyni-znyklymy-bezvisty-vvazhayutsya-29-osib/
Ukrainian defenders repelled all hostile attacks in the Marinka area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-vidbyly-vsi-vorozhi-ataky-v-rajoni-maryinky/
The victory of Ukraine in the war that was resolved by Russia in 2014 will mean strengthening democratic processes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/peremoga-ukrayiny-u-vijni-yaku-rozvyazala-rosiya-u-2014-roczi-oznachatyme-posylennya-demokratychnyh-proczesiv/
Our aircraft per day made 15 beats on personnel and 2 - on the Enemy SCR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/nasha-aviacziya-za-dobu-zavdala-15-udariv-po-osobovomu-skladu-ta-2-po-zrk-protyvnyka/
The Crimean Korolactrician blogger has spoken about the preparation of the Russians of the Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power Plant
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/krymskyj-bloger-kolaborant-progovoryvsya-pro-pidgotovku-rosiyanamy-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
In Kharkiv region a rescuer was killed by a recurrent enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/na-harkivshhyni-vid-povtornogo-vorozhogo-obstrilu-zagynuv-ryatuvalnyk/
The SBU has collected the evidence base for 8 more "officials" of occupation administrations of the Russian Federation in temporarily captured regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/sbu-zibrala-dokazovu-bazu-na-shhe-8-posadovcziv-okupaczijnyh-administraczij-rf-u-tymchasovo-zahoplenyh-regionah-ukrayiny/
Short. War. Day 472. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/korotko-vijna-den-472-videodajdzhest/
Burda Dynamo's cousin died in the war with Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721166-dvouridnij-brat-dinamivca-burdi-zaginuv-na-vijni-z-rosieu.html
Russia does not let UN representatives into the occupied territories to assist - Kyslits
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721170-rosia-ne-puskae-predstavnikiv-oon-na-okupovani-teritorii-dla-nadanna-dopomogi-kislica.html
Russia does not let UN representatives into the occupied territories to assist - Kyslits
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721170-rosia-ne-puskae-predstavnikiv-oon-na-okupovani-teritorii-dla-nadanna-dopomogi-kislica.html
Burda Dynamo's cousin died in the war with Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721166-dvouridnij-brat-dinamivca-burdi-zaginuv-na-vijni-z-rosieu.html
GUR About the transfer of captives to Hungary: no information that they are really on freedom
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721171-gur-pro-peredacu-polonenih-ugorsini-nemae-informacii-so-voni-dijsno-na-svobodi.html
Air alarm is announced in a number of regions of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721172-u-nizci-oblastej-ukraini-ogolosena-povitrana-trivoga.html
The Armed Forces with the help of "stung" destroyed under Bakhmut the fighting machine of the infantry of the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721043-zsu-za-dopomogou-stungi-znisili-pid-bahmutom-bojovu-masinu-pihoti-rosian.html

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====