乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-01

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

Chernivtsi region, Transcarpathia region, Volyn region, Ternopil, Ternopil region, Ivano ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44118
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(02:15). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/14918
Odesa region, Mykolaiv, Mykolaiv region (02:14). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sundin ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44098
JSC Sivershchyna And Slobozhanshchina DirecTion Rusian Army Shelled Khrynivka, Zarichch, is ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4638
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Stroyivka, Kamyanka, Topoli, Fyholivka, Novomlynsk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4639
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske of Luhansk region and Novosadove, Torske, Bilo...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4640
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarka, Grigory ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4641
JSC Avdiivka Directioz Rusian Army Shelled Novokalinova, Avdiivka, Karlovka, Water And P ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4642
The Russian Army Shell is not Krasnohorivaka, Pobieda and Paraskovinika, - Gener ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4643
JSC Shaktarske Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Bogoyavlenko, Coal, Novoukrainka, Purgatory ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4644
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Novosilka, Novopil, Zel...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4645
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4646
Damage in Nikopol as result of Russian shelling overnight
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/40774
Donetsk Oblast(09:48). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44065
Zaporizka Oblast(10:23). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44066
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(10:44). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44067
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(10:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44069
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(10:58). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44071
Russian army conducted 7 missile strikes, 39 airstrikes and over 50 shelling with MLRS, - Gen...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4637
1 person wounded as result of Russian shelling with MLRS in Kherson
https://twitter.com/Novynarnia/status/1652611485808377858
Russian army shelled Avdiyivka with tanks and MLRS GRAD, aviation conducted several airstrikes
https://twitter.com/grntmedia/status/1652649151534977026
President of Ukraine Zelensky had a phone call with President of France Macron
https://t.me/V_Zelenskiy_official/6063
Donetsk Oblast(15:21). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44078
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(15:24). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44079
1 person wounded as result of shelling in Bilozirka of Kherson region, another killed in Odra...
https://t.me/hueviyherson/38684
Zaporizka Oblast(16:42). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44082
1 person killed, 2 wounded as result of Russian army shelling in Nikopol today
https://t.me/dnipropetrovskaODA/4359
Donetsk region, Zaporizhzhya region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region (20:31). Red Alrt: Aerial Tx ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44089
Explosions were reported in Pavlohrad of Dnipropetrovsk region, fire after the hit
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/40832
More explosions reported in Dnipropetrovsk region
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/51232
At least 9 Russian Tu-95M Strategic Bombers are currently Airborne from Olenya Air Base in No...
https://twitter.com/sentdefender/status/1652757275063332867
Widespread damage in Pavlohrad after explosions
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/40835
City authorities of Pavlohrad call for residents to shelter in place
https://t.me/pavlogradmrada/10087
Explosions were reported near Berdiansk airport
https://t.me/channel24_ua/86466
City authorities in Pavlohrad: no chemical hazzards at the moment
https://t.me/pavlogradmrada/10090
Russians of the Armies Sheled Znov-Nonnodsk, middle-Bode of the Andumshov Village OF Suma Region AT ...
https://t.me/suspilnesumy/11580
1 person could be under rubble after Russian shelling destroyed a house in Avdiyivka, about 2...
https://t.me/ukrinform_news/97678
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(01:06). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44094
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(02:12). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44096
Zaporizka Oblast(02:15). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12493
Kherson, Kherson region, Poltava region, Sumy region, Donetsk region (02:16). Red Alrt ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44104
Explosion was reported at hotel, hosting Russian military in Melitopol
https://t.me/ukrinform_news/97682
Kyiv(02:41). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnenews/20304
Kirovohrad region, Kiev region, Cherkasy region, Zhytomyr, Zhytomyr region, Vinnitsa ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44110
Chernihivska Oblast(02:43). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18103
Rivne, Rivnenska Oblast(03:13). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44119
Explosions were reported in Kyiv region
https://t.me/lachentyt/28817
Explosions were reported near Dnipro city
https://t.me/lachentyt/28822
Explosions in Kharkiv region amid new Russian massive missile attack
https://t.me/kharkivlife/60216
Explosions were reported in Pavlohrad
https://t.me/dneproperatyv/61570
Short. War. Day 430. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/korotko-vijna-den-430-videodajdzhest/
A serviceman of the Russian Federation in a telephone conversation comments on combat loss as a result of their assault actions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/vijskovosluzhbovecz-rf-v-telefonnij-rozmovi-komentuye-bojovi-vtraty-vnaslidok-yih-shturmovyh-dij/
In Kherson region, as a result of another shelling, a woman was killed under the rubble
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/na-hersonshhyni-vnaslidok-chergovogo-obstrilu-pid-zavalamy-zagynula-zhinka/
Supporting and treating mental disorders under the Medicinal Program is available in more than 250 medical facilities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/suprovid-i-likuvannya-psyhichnyh-rozladiv-za-programoyu-medgarantij-dostupnyj-vzhe-v-ponad-250-medzakladah/
Cyber -winners are trying to attack the state authorities of Ukraine with fake "operating system updates"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/kiberzlovmysnyky-namagayutsya-atakuvaty-derzhorgany-ukrayiny-fejkovymy-onovlennyamy-operaczijnoyi-systemy/
Free Ukrainian language courses for IDPs start in Lviv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/na-lvivshhyni-startuyut-bezkoshtovni-kursy-z-ukrayinskoyi-movy-dlya-vpo/
A well -known American astronaut has raised $ 650,000 per ambulance for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/vidomyj-amerykanskyj-astronavt-zibrav-650-000-na-karety-shvydkoyi-dopomogy-dlya-ukrayiny/
SBU special forces arrange "hot nights" to occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/speczpryznachenczi-sbu-vlashtovuyut-garyachi-nochi-okupantam/
Our defenders of the last day knocked down 5 UAVs, among which-"Orlan-10"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-mynulu-dobu-zavdala-3-udary-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
The enemy struck 7 rocket and 39 aviation strike
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/mynuloyi-doby-protyvnyk-zavdav-7-raketnyh-ta-39-aviaczijnyh-udariv-zdijsnyv-50-obstriliv-z-rszv/
Due to a large -scale fire in Crimea rumors about the inability of air defense to protect the temporarily occupied peninsula
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/cherez-masshtabnu-pozhezhu-u-krymu-shyryatsya-chutky-pro-nezdatnist-ppo-rf-zahystyty-tymchasovo-okupovanyj-pivostriv/
Ukrainian soldiers reflected 58 enemy attacks in four directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/syly-oborony-ukrayiny-vidbyly-58-vorozhyh-atak-na-chotyroh-napryamkah/
Another minus 470 occupants, 2 tanks and 5 BBM: daily loss of enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/shhe-minus-470-okupantiv-2-tanky-ta-5-bbm-dobovi-vtraty-voroga/
Two more machines of mechanized demining from the Howard Buffette Fund arrived in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/v-ukrayinu-prybuly-shhe-dvi-mashyny-mehanizovanogo-rozminuvannya-vid-fonda-govarda-baffeta/
Russia must receive signals that the world will not forgive her terror - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/rosiya-maye-otrymuvaty-sygnaly-shho-svit-ne-probachyt-yiyi-teror-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Ukraine has signed three new agreements with the Turkish company Baykar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/30/ukrayina-pidpysala-try-novi-ugody-z-tureczkoyu-kompaniyeyu-baykar/
Reznikov discussed with the Secretary of Defense of Sweden Strengthening the possibilities of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703241-reznikov-obgovoriv-iz-ministrom-oboroni-svecii-zmicnenna-mozlivostej-zsu.html
Shaparenko conducted training in the general group "Dynamo"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703240-saparenko-proviv-trenuvanna-u-zagalnij-grupi-dinamo.html
The White House announced a new military assistance package to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703379-bilij-dim-anonsuvav-novij-paket-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
In the coming years, Russia will not be able to produce as much gas as before the war - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703224-u-najblizci-roki-rosia-ne-zmoze-vidobuvati-stilki-z-gazu-ak-do-vijni-ekspertka.html
Ukraine wants to join the Transstikoochean Partnership Agreement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703130-ukraina-hoce-priednatisa-do-ugodi-pro-transtihookeanske-partnerstvo.html
In the coming years, Russia will not be able to produce as much gas as before the war - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703224-u-najblizci-roki-rosia-ne-zmoze-vidobuvati-stilki-z-gazu-ak-do-vijni-ekspertka.html
Tsigankova assist helped "Gironi" beat "Seville" in La League's match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703377-asist-cigankova-dopomig-zironi-obigrati-sevilu-v-matci-la-ligi.html
The French city erected a monument to Anna Yaroslavna
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3703376-u-francuzkomu-misti-vstanovili-pamatnik-anni-aroslavni.html
JSC Sivershchyna And Slobozhanshchina DirecTion Rusian Army Shelled Nikolaevka, Halaganivka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4648
As a result of the shelling of Pavlograd, two people were killed - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703378-unaslidok-obstrilu-pavlograda-zaginuli-dvoe-ludej-zelenskij.html
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Kamyanka, Krasnoye Pershe, Novomolinsk, Dvorichny, Lee ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4649
An unknown hacker stole the Russian special services of bitcoine by $ 300 thousand and transferred funds to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3703362-nevidomij-haker-vkrav-u-rosijskih-specsluzb-bitkoini-na-300-tisac-i-perekazav-kosti-ukraini.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Dibrova and Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4650
In the UEFA Women's League Final, Wolfsburg and Barcelona will play the UEFA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703374-u-finali-zinocoi-ligi-cempioniv-uefa-zigraut-volfsburg-ta-barselona.html
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarka, Grigory ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4651
From the Grain Agreement wins the whole world - the State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703373-vid-zernovoi-ugodi-vigrae-ves-svit-derzdepartament.html
JSC Avdiivka Directioz Rusian Army Shelled Novokalinova, Avdiivka, Tonenko, Severene, Net ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4652
Poland completes the installation of an electrician at the border with Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703071-polsa-zaversue-montaz-elektrobareru-na-kordoni-z-bilorussu.html
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Kalledar, Wondering, Novoukrainka Andes And Gold ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4654
During the day the Russians were fired 14 times the border of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703366-protagom-dna-rosiani-14-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Burlatske, Novosilka, N...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4655
Lucescu after undergoing surgery can complete the career of a trainer - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703368-lucesku-pisla-perenesenoi-operacii-moze-zaversiti-kareru-trenera-zmi.html
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4656
Zelensky held a meeting - discussed the enemy's likely behavior in the near future
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703370-zelenskij-proviv-naradu-obgovorili-jmovirnu-povedinku-voroga-najblizcim-casom.html
State Department - About NATO Membership in NATO: We support the open door policy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703369-derzdep-pro-clenstvo-ukraini-v-nato-pidtrimuemo-politiku-vidkritih-dverej.html
Zelensky: For every blow Russian invaders will get our response
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703365-zelenskij-na-kozen-udar-rosijski-okupanti-otrimaut-nasu-vidpovid.html
European integration and reconstruction of Ukraine: Duda named the priorities of the Polish presidency in the EU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703363-evrointegracia-i-vidbudova-ukraini-duda-nazvav-prioriteti-polskogo-golovuvanna-v-es.html
In Odessa, through gas leakage temporarily suspended the movement of five tram routes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703359-v-odesi-cerez-vitik-gazu-timcasovo-prizupinili-ruh-pat-tramvajnih-marsrutiv.html
In five months, the Russians lost 100,000 killed and wounded under Bakhmut - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703358-za-pat-misaciv-rosiani-vtratili-pid-bahmutom-100-tisac-zagiblimi-j-poranenimi-bilij-dim.html
The potential rivals of the national team of Ukraine in the UEFA Nations League have been identified
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703356-viznacilisa-potencijni-superniki-zbirnoi-ukraini-u-zinocij-lizi-nacij-uefa.html
Zaluzhny told Millie about Russian rocket strokes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703354-zaluznij-rozpoviv-milli-pro-rosijski-raketni-udari.html
META plans to issue bonds for $ 7 billion - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3703345-meta-planue-vipusk-obligacij-na-7-milardiv-zmi.html
Zelensky proposes the council to continue martial law and general mobilization
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703348-zelenskij-proponue-radi-prodovziti-voennij-stan-ta-zagalnu-mobilizaciu.html
In Poland, Canadian plastic surgeons operate Ukrainians with severe face injuries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703346-u-polsi-kanadski-plasticni-hirurgi-prooperuut-ukrainciv-z-vazkimi-travmami-oblicca.html
China supported the UN General Assembly resolution that contains a mention of Russian aggression
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703349-kitaj-pidtrimav-rezoluciu-genasamblei-oon-aka-mistit-zgadku-pro-rosijsku-agresiu.html
Reduction of taxes will adversely affect Ukraine's long -term economic growth - IMF
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703343-zmensenna-podatkiv-negativno-vplivatime-na-dovgostrokove-ekonomicne-zrostanna-ukraini-mvf.html
The calendar of the main sports events of May launched the World Boxing Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703342-kalendar-golovnih-sportivnih-podij-travna-rozpocav-cempionat-svitu-z-boksu.html
There was an explosion in the headquarters of the Russians in Zaporozhye
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703340-u-stabi-rosian-na-zaporizzi-stavsa-vibuh.html
Goncharenko stated that his relative was detained on suspicion of fraud with the land
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703339-goncarenko-zaaviv-so-za-pidozrou-u-mahinaciah-iz-zemleu-zatrimali-jogo-rodicku.html
The Russians fired at Kherson and Kizomis residential quarters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703329-rosiani-obstrilali-zitlovi-kvartali-hersona-ta-kizomisa.html
25 people wounded, including 3 children as result of Russian missile strike in Pavlohrad
https://t.me/dnipro_now/39945
Power line pylon was blown up near Gatchina in Leningrad region
https://t.me/bazabazon/17287
Donetsk Oblast(09:09). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44146
Zaporizka Oblast(09:53). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44148
Sumska Oblast(10:16). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44149
Freight train derailed in Briansk region of Russia after track was blown up
https://t.me/bazabazon/17289
Vice-chairman of the pro-Russian Shor party Marina Tauber was detained in Moldova, the prosec...
https://t.me/readovkanews/57903
Russian army conducted 5 missile strikes, 27 airstrikes and over 45 shelling with MLRS, - Gen...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4647
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Krasnohorivka, Pobyeda and Novomykhaylivka of Done...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4653
Chernihivska Oblast(11:05). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44152
Suspected missile hit industrial enterprise in Zhytomyr region during air raid alert overnight
https://twitter.com/UKRINFORM/status/1652974473367150592
Chernihivska Oblast, Sumska Oblast(13:45). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take co...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44156
Police evacuated 366 children from Beryslav, Bilozerka and Daryivka districts of Kherson regi...
https://twitter.com/MVS_UA/status/1653007870777081860
A child killed as result of shelling of educational facility in Novhorod-Siversky district of...
https://t.me/h_chernihiv/11524
Russians Su-35 warplanes dropped two guided aerial bombs on Lyzunivka of the Novgorod-Siversk...
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18137
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(16:33). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44159
Air defense shot down suspected drone near Yevpatoriya
https://t.me/readovkanews/57927
Russian aviation conducted airstrikes at Huliaipole this morning
https://t.me/operativnoZSU/94212
Smoke seen over Sevastopol bay. Occupation authorities say drone attack is underway
https://t.me/Novoeizdanie/49481
Fire in Kherson as result of shelling
https://t.me/hueviyherson/38745
Donetsk Oblast(18:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44163
Zaporizka Oblast(19:07). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44164
Poltavska Oblast(19:08). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/10970
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(19:09). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44166
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(19:32). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44167
Sumska Oblast(20:46). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44173
French Prosecutor's Office is investigating Auchan's "daughter" in
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703174-prokuratura-francii-vede-rozsliduvanna-sodo-docki-auchan-u-rosii.html
In the Nikolaev area they will prohibit access to sea beaches because of mine threat - Kim
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703177-na-mikolaivsini-zaboronat-dostup-do-morskih-plaziv-cerez-minnu-zagrozu-kim.html
In Ukraine began to produce spare parts for some samples of Western equipment - Reznikov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703155-v-ukraini-pocali-viroblati-zapcastini-dla-deakih-zrazkiv-zahidnoi-tehniki-reznikov.html
Stepanovsky: Turkey can be considered a favorite of our four pre -qualification of the Olympic tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703180-stepanovskij-tureccinu-mozna-vvazati-favoritom-nasoi-cetvirki-prekvalifikacii-olimpijskogo-turniru.html
Kyslitsa - about Switzerland's presidency at the UN Security Council: this will be a challenge for the country in view of its neutrality
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703182-kislica-pro-golovuvanna-svejcarii-u-rb-oon-ce-stane-viklikom-dla-kraini-z-ogladu-na-ii-nejtralitet.html
After the explosion in Sevastopol, the Crimeans give the Majlis coordinates of the Feodosian oil depot - Chygoz
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3703183-pisla-vibuhu-v-sevastopoli-krimcani-nadaut-medzlisu-koordinati-feodosijskoi-naftobazi-cijgoz.html
Odesa received three US machinery vehicles from the USA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3703184-odesa-otrimala-vid-ssa-tri-masini-dla-remontu-teplovih-merez.html
Czech Foreign Minister: Ukraine should be in the EU, but after fulfilling all the requirements
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703198-glava-mzs-cehii-ukraina-mae-buti-v-es-ale-pisla-vikonanna-vsih-vimog.html
Kartsan: The worst situation that can be - get a license and not go to the Olympics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703185-karcan-najgirsa-situacia-aka-moze-buti-otrimati-licenziu-i-ne-poihati-na-olimpiadu.html
Employment of persons with disabilities: Government prepare new programs for compensation to employers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703186-pracevlastuvanna-osib-z-invalidnistu-v-uradi-gotuut-novi-programi-kompensacii-robotodavcam.html
In the temporarily occupied territory of Zaporozhye prepare evacuation plans
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703187-na-timcasovo-okupovanij-teritorii-zaporizza-gotuut-plani-evakuacii.html
Seven barges have been overhauled for Ukrainian Danube Recruitment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703188-dla-ukrainskogo-dunajskogo-paroplavstva-kapitalno-vidremontuvali-sim-barz.html
Business improved its business expectations in April - National Bank
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703189-biznes-pokrasiv-svoi-dilovi-ocikuvanna-u-kvitni-nacbank.html
Kyslytsy explained why the UN Radbez did not block the Russian presidency
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703190-kislica-poasniv-comu-radbez-oon-ne-zablokuvav-rosijske-golovuvanna.html
New rules of state registration of business have come into force in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703191-v-ukraini-nabuli-cinnosti-novi-pravila-derzreestracii-biznesu.html
The exchange of "everyone" will be in stages - coordination
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703194-obmin-polonenimi-vsih-na-vsih-vidbuvatimetsa-poetapno-koordstab.html
Sumska Oblast(21:56). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44176
The only existing water forge in Ukraine was brought to the State Register of Monuments
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3703196-edinu-diucu-vodanu-kuznu-v-ukraini-vnesli-do-derzreestru-pamatok.html
The Ministry of Deviation has launched an anonymous survey to identify corruption spheres
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3703201-minvidnovlenna-zapustilo-anonimne-opituvanna-dla-viavlenna-korupcijnih-sfer.html
UkrPoshta reduces to 23 the number of compartments in which lamps can be exchanged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703204-ukrposta-skorocue-do-23-kilkist-viddilen-v-akih-mozna-obminati-lampi.html
As a result of rocket attacks on the Pavlograd district of the Dnipropetrovsk region, two peo...
https://t.me/suspilnenews/20335
In Bulgaria, a check was started - the government did not impose any EU sanctions against
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703205-u-bolgarii-rozpocali-perevirku-urad-ne-vviv-zodnih-sankcij-es-proti-rosii.html
The National in May will show the premiere of two ballets, Opera "Norma" and "Carmen"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3703206-nacopera-u-travni-pokaze-premeru-dvoh-baletiv-operi-norma-i-karmen.html
Russian aircraft hit Gulyaypol, are wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703215-rosijska-aviacia-vdarila-po-gulajpolu-e-poraneni.html
Lubin demands from Russia to immediately release the Crimean Tatarka Umerov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3703210-lubinec-vimagae-vid-rosii-negajno-zvilniti-krimsku-tatarku-umerovu.html
In the Kyiv region flooding floodplain areas is projected until May 4
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703211-na-kiivsini-zatoplenna-zaplavnih-teritorij-prognozuetsa-do-4-travna.html
Ukraine in April reduced electricity import almost twice
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703213-ukraina-u-kvitni-skorotila-import-elektroenergii-majze-vdvici.html
Kovtun won the World Cup on sports gymnastics in parallel bars and crossbar
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703214-kovtun-vigrav-zaliki-kubka-svitu-zi-sportivnoi-gimnastiki-u-paralelnih-brusah-ta-perekladini.html
In Uzbekistan approved amendments to the Constitution - the President can retain the post by 2040
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703218-v-uzbekistani-shvalili-zmini-do-konstitucii-prezident-moze-zberegti-posadu-do-2040-roku.html
Kherson region: The enemy from artillery fired at the village of Tyaginka - beat on the homes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703219-hersonsina-vorog-z-artilerii-obstrilav-selo-taginka-bili-po-oselah.html
Ukraine wants to join the Transstikoochean Partnership Agreement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703130-ukraina-hoce-priednatisa-do-ugodi-pro-transtihookeanske-partnerstvo.html
In the Netherlands, she detained a driver with a fake Ukrainian license named Boris Johnson
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703225-u-niderlandah-zatrimala-vodia-z-pidroblenim-ukrainskim-posvidcennam-na-ima-borisa-dzonsona.html
In the Avdi and Marinsk directions, the enemy lost more company - General Tarnavsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703227-na-avdiivskomu-ta-marinskomu-napramkah-vorog-vtrativ-bilse-roti-general-tarnavskij.html
Germany supports Ukraine on the way to the EU - Ambassador
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703235-nimeccina-pidtrimue-ukrainu-na-slahu-do-es-posol.html
Murder of the Bear in Transcarpathia: DPSU refutes the involvement of border guards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703238-vbivstvo-vedmedici-na-zakarpatti-u-dpsu-sprostovuut-pricetnist-prikordonnikiv.html
The UN understand that the punishment of Russian criminals will prevent future conflicts - Kyslits
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703239-v-oon-rozumiut-so-pokaranna-rosijskih-zlocinciv-zapobigatime-majbutnim-konfliktam-kislica.html
At the book fair in Buenos Aires spent day of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3703146-na-knizkovogo-armarku-v-buenosajresi-proveli-den-ukraini.html
In the Kyiv region rescuers destroyed the Russian winged rocket X-55
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703242-na-kiivsini-ratuvalniki-znisili-rosijsku-krilatu-raketu-h55.html
Russian troops fired two districts of Kharkiv region, are injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703243-vijska-rf-obstrilali-dva-rajoni-harkivsini-e-poraneni.html
German Ambassador - About Money for the Reconstruction of Ukraine: It is necessary to become a model of preventing corruption
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3703246-posol-nimeccini-pro-grosi-na-vidbudovu-ukraini-potribno-stati-vzircem-zapobiganna-korupcii.html
In China there was an explosion at a chemical plant, five people were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703248-u-kitai-stavsa-vibuh-na-himicnomu-zavodi-zaginuli-patero-ludej.html
In Ukraine there is a lacking tools for effective integration of people with disabilities into the labor market - Zholnovich
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703249-v-ukraini-brakue-instrumentiv-efektivnoi-integracii-ludej-z-invalidnistu-u-rinok-praci-zolnovic.html
The invaders renewed the mobilization in Mariupol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703250-zagarbniki-ponovili-mobilizaciu-v-mariupoli.html
In Khmelnitsky, the driver knocked down a police and two soldiers at the crossing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703253-u-hmelnickomu-vodij-zbiv-na-perehodi-policejsku-i-dvoh-vijskovih-e-zagiblij.html
The government approved the energy strategy by 2050
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703255-urad-shvaliv-energeticnu-strategiu-do-2050-roku.html
Israel has a huge potential for the treatment of Ukrainian defenders - Kondratyuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703257-izrail-mae-veliceznij-potencial-dla-likuvanna-ukrainskih-zahisnikiv-kondratuk.html
Kharkiv resident received five years in prison - gave the Russians the posts of air defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703259-harkivanin-otrimav-pat-rokiv-uvaznenna-zdavav-rosianam-pozicii-ppo.html
The Russians caused the Air Force to Chernihiv, the child was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703237-na-cernigivsini-vnaslidok-obstrilu-zaginula-ditina.html
In France - large -scale demonstrations against pension reform
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703262-u-francii-masstabni-demonstracii-proti-pensijnoi-reformi.html
Denmark and Kazakhstan were the first to declare the infrastructure of Mykolaiv region - Kim
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3703264-dania-ta-kazahstan-persimi-zaavili-pro-gotovnist-vidnovluvati-infrastrukturu-mikolaivsini-kim.html
From the North Bridge, the truck driver dropped the metal structure - the police opened the case
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3703265-z-pivnicnogo-mostu-vodij-vantazivki-skinuv-metalevu-konstrukciu-policia-vidkrila-spravu.html
The incident has happened to the Attorney General of Bulgaria - eyewitnesses say the explosion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703269-iz-kortezem-genprokurora-bolgarii-trapivsa-incident-ocevidci-kazut-pro-vibuh.html
Sachko will play in the main grid of the ATP tournament in Prague
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703271-sacko-zigrae-v-osnovnij-sitci-turniru-atp-u-prazi.html
The Russian invasion gave impetus to combating corruption in Ukraine - Simmons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703272-rosijske-vtorgnenna-dalo-impuls-dla-borotbi-z-korupcieu-v-ukraini-simmons.html
The court returned to the state of the state of the land of the Great Khodosiv settlement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3703274-sud-povernuv-u-vlasnist-derzavi-zemli-velikogo-hodosivskogo-gorodisa.html
Prigoine's statements about lack of resources can be hostile IPSO - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703276-zaavi-prigozina-pro-nestacu-resursiv-mozut-buti-vorozou-ipso-ekspert.html
Simmons on granting Ukraine F-16: This is not a delay, it is about mastering complex equipment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703277-simmons-pro-nadanna-ukraini-f16-ce-ne-zvolikanna-jdetsa-pro-opanuvanna-skladnoi-tehniki.html
Ukraine and Croatia will cooperate in the fight against Russian propaganda
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703283-ukraina-ta-horvatia-spivpracuvatimut-u-borotbi-z-rosijskou-propagandou-ta-dezinformacieu.html
The victims of a Russian missile in Uman allocated ₴ 8.4 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703288-poterpilim-vid-vlucanna-rosijskoi-raketi-v-umani-vidilili-84-miljona.html
In Donetsk, border guards knocked out a Russian drone with an antitrone gun shot
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703291-na-doneccini-prikordonniki-zbili-rosijskij-bezpilotnik-postrilom-z-antidronovoi-rusnici.html
The SBU detained the deputy of the Odessa Regional Council - suspected in the organization of raider seizure of land
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703292-sbu-zatrimala-deputata-odeskoi-oblradi-pidozruut-v-organizacii-rejderskogo-zahoplenna-zemli.html
In the capital on Miloslavskaya Street, the traffic was partially restricted by June 10
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3703293-u-stolici-na-vulici-miloslavskij-castkovo-obmezili-ruh-do-10-cervna.html
Lunin purchased Usik's gloves at a charity auction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703294-lunin-pridbav-rukavicki-usika-na-blagodijnomu-aukcioni.html
Under Evpatoria and in Sevastopol worked air defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3703296-pid-evpatorieu-ta-v-sevastopoli-spracuvala-ppo.html
In Russia there is a stock of safety, so you need to increase sanction pressure - Marchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703299-u-rosii-e-zapas-micnosti-tomu-potribno-posiluvati-sankcijnij-tisk-marcenko.html
Britain plays a role in safety guarantees for Ukraine - Simmons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703300-britania-vidigrae-svou-rol-u-pitanni-garantij-bezpeki-dla-ukraini-simmons.html
To storm the invaders in the urbanized area is quite difficult - Naev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703303-sturmuvati-zagarbnikiv-v-urbanizovanij-miscevosti-dosit-skladno-naev.html
Increase in energy tariffs in Ukraine is expected after the end of the war - the IMF
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703304-pidvisenna-tarifiv-na-energonosii-v-ukraini-peredbacaetsa-pisla-zaversenna-vijni-mvf.html
Only Ukrainians can decide what will happen to their territories - Ambassador of Britain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703289-tilki-ukrainci-mozut-virisuvati-so-bude-z-ih-teritoriami-posol-britanii.html
In Odessa on May 2 will strengthen safety measures
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703305-v-odesi-2-travna-posilat-zahodi-bezpeki.html
Since the beginning of the year, Ukrainian agrarians have attracted more than ₴ 26 billion loans
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703335-ukrainski-agrarii-z-pocatku-roku-zalucili-ponad-26-milardiv-kreditiv.html
Simmons about counter -offensive: The liberation of Ukraine is a complex process, not "advancement on the beach"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703279-simmons-pro-kontrnastup-zvilnenna-ukraini-e-skladnim-procesom-a-ne-prosuvannam-po-plazu.html
Ukrainians will be able to choose the projects of developing their own communities through "action"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703310-ukrainci-zmozut-obirati-proekti-rozvitku-vlasnih-gromad-cerez-diu.html
Returning surcharges to the military may increase the deficit of the Ukrainian budget - the IMF
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703312-povernenna-doplat-vijskovim-moze-zbilsiti-deficit-ukrainskogo-budzetu-mvf.html
The budget tax plan was exceeded by 7% - Getmantsev in April
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703313-plan-po-nadhodzennu-podatkiv-do-budzetu-u-kvitni-perevikonali-na-7-getmancev.html
Maria Muzychuk enters the top 10 best chess players in the world
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703315-maria-muzicuk-vhodit-u-top10-rejtingu-najkrasih-sahistok-svitu.html
Defense forces reflected more than 30 enemy attacks in four directions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703316-sili-oboroni-vidbili-ponad-30-vorozih-atak-na-cotiroh-napramkah.html
Poland has been trained for Ukrainian instructors who help people with disabilities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703318-u-polsi-proveli-navcanna-dla-ukrainskih-instruktoriv-aki-dopomagaut-ludam-z-invalidnistu.html
Ukraine exported nearly 41.6 million tons of grain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703319-ukraina-eksportuvala-majze-416-miljona-tonn-zernovih.html
The IMF will review the advanced funding of Ukraine twice a year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703321-mvf-dvici-na-rik-peregladatime-programu-rozsirenogo-finansuvanna-ukraini.html
For China will be wise to join the peaceful plan of Zelensky - Ambassador of Britain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703322-dla-kitau-bude-rozumnim-priednatisa-do-mirnogo-planu-zelenskogo-posol-britanii.html
The military in Lviv installed a bionic prosthesis of the hand - he returned to the front
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703323-vijskovomu-u-lvovi-vstanovili-bionicnij-protez-ruki-vin-povernuvsa-na-front.html
Free cafe in Kharkiv: Ova handed Japanese volunteer equipment and products
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703327-bezkostovne-kafe-u-harkovi-misceva-vlada-peredala-aponskomu-volonteru-obladnanna-ta-produkti.html
The National Bank's head predicts a further decrease in prices
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703330-glava-nacbanku-prognozue-podalse-znizenna-cin.html
Psychological assistance in Ukraine and abroad - Zelenskaya published hotline numbers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703336-psihologicna-dopomoga-v-ukraini-ta-za-kordonom-zelenska-opublikuvala-nomeri-garacih-linij.html
In the US officially bankrupt FIRST REPUBLIC BANK - assets redeem JPMORGAN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703337-u-ssa-oficijno-zbankrutuvav-bank-kremnievoi-dolini-aktivi-vikupovue-jpmorgan.html
Goncharenko stated that his relative was detained on suspicion of fraud with the land
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703339-goncarenko-zaaviv-so-za-pidozrou-u-mahinaciah-iz-zemleu-zatrimali-jogo-rodicku.html
There was an explosion in the headquarters of the Russians in Zaporozhye
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703340-u-stabi-rosian-na-zaporizzi-stavsa-vibuh.html
The calendar of the main sports events of May launched the World Boxing Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703342-kalendar-golovnih-sportivnih-podij-travna-rozpocav-cempionat-svitu-z-boksu.html
Reduction of taxes will adversely affect Ukraine's long -term economic growth - IMF
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703343-zmensenna-podatkiv-negativno-vplivatime-na-dovgostrokove-ekonomicne-zrostanna-ukraini-mvf.html
China supported the UN General Assembly resolution that contains a mention of Russian aggression
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703349-kitaj-pidtrimav-rezoluciu-genasamblei-oon-aka-mistit-zgadku-pro-rosijsku-agresiu.html
In Poland, Canadian plastic surgeons operate Ukrainians with severe face injuries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703346-u-polsi-kanadski-plasticni-hirurgi-prooperuut-ukrainciv-z-vazkimi-travmami-oblicca.html
Zelensky proposes the council to continue martial law and general mobilization
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703348-zelenskij-proponue-radi-prodovziti-voennij-stan-ta-zagalnu-mobilizaciu.html
META plans to issue bonds for $ 7 billion - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3703345-meta-planue-vipusk-obligacij-na-7-milardiv-zmi.html
Zaluzhny told Millie about Russian rocket strokes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703354-zaluznij-rozpoviv-milli-pro-rosijski-raketni-udari.html
The potential rivals of the national team of Ukraine in the UEFA Nations League have been identified
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703356-viznacilisa-potencijni-superniki-zbirnoi-ukraini-u-zinocij-lizi-nacij-uefa.html
In five months, the Russians lost 100,000 killed and wounded under Bakhmut - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703358-za-pat-misaciv-rosiani-vtratili-pid-bahmutom-100-tisac-zagiblimi-j-poranenimi-bilij-dim.html
In Odessa, through gas leakage temporarily suspended the movement of five tram routes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703359-v-odesi-cerez-vitik-gazu-timcasovo-prizupinili-ruh-pat-tramvajnih-marsrutiv.html
European integration and reconstruction of Ukraine: Duda named the priorities of the Polish presidency in the EU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703363-evrointegracia-i-vidbudova-ukraini-duda-nazvav-prioriteti-polskogo-golovuvanna-v-es.html
Zelensky: For every blow Russian invaders will get our response
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703365-zelenskij-na-kozen-udar-rosijski-okupanti-otrimaut-nasu-vidpovid.html
State Department - About NATO Membership in NATO: We support the open door policy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703369-derzdep-pro-clenstvo-ukraini-v-nato-pidtrimuemo-politiku-vidkritih-dverej.html
Zelensky held a meeting - discussed the enemy's likely behavior in the near future
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703370-zelenskij-proviv-naradu-obgovorili-jmovirnu-povedinku-voroga-najblizcim-casom.html
Lucescu after undergoing surgery can complete the career of a trainer - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703368-lucesku-pisla-perenesenoi-operacii-moze-zaversiti-kareru-trenera-zmi.html
During the day the Russians were fired 14 times the border of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703366-protagom-dna-rosiani-14-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
Poland completes the installation of an electrician at the border with Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703071-polsa-zaversue-montaz-elektrobareru-na-kordoni-z-bilorussu.html
From the Grain Agreement wins the whole world - the State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703373-vid-zernovoi-ugodi-vigrae-ves-svit-derzdepartament.html
In the UEFA Women's League Final, Wolfsburg and Barcelona will play the UEFA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703374-u-finali-zinocoi-ligi-cempioniv-uefa-zigraut-volfsburg-ta-barselona.html
An unknown hacker stole the Russian special services of bitcoine by $ 300 thousand and transferred funds to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3703362-nevidomij-haker-vkrav-u-rosijskih-specsluzb-bitkoini-na-300-tisac-i-perekazav-kosti-ukraini.html
As a result of the shelling of Pavlograd, two people were killed - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703378-unaslidok-obstrilu-pavlograda-zaginuli-dvoe-ludej-zelenskij.html
The French city erected a monument to Anna Yaroslavna
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3703376-u-francuzkomu-misti-vstanovili-pamatnik-anni-aroslavni.html
Tsigankova assist helped "Gironi" beat "Seville" in La League's match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703377-asist-cigankova-dopomig-zironi-obigrati-sevilu-v-matci-la-ligi.html
The White House announced a new military assistance package to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703379-bilij-dim-anonsuvav-novij-paket-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
Army Ilya Kovtun won two "gold" at the stage of the COP in gymnastics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/armiyecz-illya-kovtun-zavoyuvav-dva-zolota-na-etapi-ks-zi-sportyvnoyi-gimnastyky/
In the Kherson region prepare ways of evacuation of people in case of massive shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/na-hersonshhyni-gotuyut-shlyahy-evakuacziyi-lyudej-na-vypadok-masovanogo-obstrilu/
Czech President left a message to the Russians on military equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/prezydent-chehiyi-zalyshyv-poslannya-rosiyanam-na-vijskovij-tehniczi/
Ukraine urged the world to speed up the confiscation of Russian assets
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/ukrayina-zaklykala-svit-pryshvydshyty-konfiskacziyu-rosijskyh-aktyviv/
Ukraine and Japan have agreed on the cooperation in the field of digital transformation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/ukrayina-ta-yaponiya-domovylys-pro-spivpraczyu-u-sferi-czyfrovoyi-transformacziyi/
A mural dedicated to Bakhmut appeared in Irpen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/v-irpeni-z%ca%bcyavyvsya-mural-prysvyachenyj-bahmutu/
The Ministry of Reintegration gave IDP advice on how not to become victims of fraudsters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/u-minreintegracziyi-daly-porady-vpo-yak-ne-staty-zhertvamy-shahrayiv/
In the General Staff of the Armed Forces showed photos of military exercises of doctors in Poland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/u-genshtabi-zsu-pokazaly-foto-vijskovyh-navchan-medykiv-zsu-u-polshhi/
During the day, the enemy caused 25 air strikes, made 45 shellings from the RSZV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/za-dobu-vorog-zavdav-25-aviaudariv-zdijsnyv-45-obstriliv-z-rszv/
The Air Force has destroyed 15 of 18 winged missiles released in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/syly-ppo-znyshhyly-15-iz-18-krylatyh-raket-vypushhenyh-po-ukrayini/
The occupiers are preparing to throw a new batch of recruited prisoners in battle
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/okupanty-gotuyutsya-kynuty-v-bij-novu-partiyu-zaverbovanyh-uvyaznenyh-osib/
3700 Rosarmia tanks destroyed the defense forces since the beginning of large -scale aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/3700-tankiv-rosarmiyi-znyshhyly-syly-oborony-z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-agresiyi/
The invaders throw all their resources on Bakhmut, but the city does not take - Alexander Sirsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/zagarbnyky-kydayut-na-bahmut-vsi-svoyi-resursy-ale-misto-ne-vzyaty-oleksandr-syrskyj/
Aviation of Defense Forces struck four strokes on the enemy's positions and destroyed the UABL "Orlan-10"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-chotyry-udary-po-pozycziyah-voroga-ta-znyshhyla-bpla-orlan-10/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-5/
In Poland, doctors from Canada will operate Ukrainian defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/u-polshhi-likari-z-kanady-operuvatymut-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv/
During the day, rescuers have almost two hundred times left to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-majzhe-dvisti-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-6/
Four medals were won by Ilya Kovtun Army at the World Cup on Sports Gymnastics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/chotyry-medali-zdobuv-armiyecz-illya-kovtun-na-kubku-svitu-zi-sportyvnoyi-gimnastyky/
If the Russians could afford more rockets, they would hit more - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/yakby-rosiyany-mogly-dozvolyty-sobi-vytratyty-bilshe-raket-vony-b-vdaryly-bilshoyu-kilkistyu-yurij-ignat/
Since the beginning of a large -scale invasion of Russian Pyrotechnics, more than 2200 aviation bombs have been neutralized
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnogo-vtorgnennya-rf-pirotehniky-zneshkodyly-ponad-2200-aviaczijnyh-bomb/
In Kherson, the military restored the bridge destroyed by the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/na-hersonshhyni-vijskovi-vidnovyly-mist-zrujnovanyj-okupantamy/
Slovak President - after visiting Ukraine: we have even more opportunities for cooperation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/prezydentka-slovachchyny-pislya-vidviduvannya-ukrayiny-mayemo-shhe-bilshe-mozhlyvostej-dlya-spivpraczi/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: nearly 84 thousand military crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-majzhe-84-tysyachi-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
119 of the settlements of Ukraine fired the army of the Russian Federation per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/119-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-obstrilyala-armiya-rf-za-dobu/
The enemy brought out the fighting in the Black Sea of 8 ships
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/vorog-vyviv-na-bojove-cherguvannya-u-chorne-more-8-korabliv/
The US Ambassador responded to the Russian Federation Missile Attack: I am grateful to those who protect the sky of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/posol-ssha-vidreaguvala-na-raketnu-ataku-rf-vdyachna-tym-hto-zahyshhaye-nebo-ukrayiny/
Anna Malyar: Ukrainian Military Medicine today has no analogues in the world
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/ganna-malyar-ukrayinska-vijskova-medyczyna-sogodni-ne-maye-analogiv-u-sviti/
The President of Ukraine thanked the Prime Minister of New Zealand for the preparation of our military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/prezydent-ukrayiny-podyakuvav-premyeru-novoyi-zelandiyi-za-pidgotovku-nashyh-vijskovyh/
Bakhmut's Defense: The enemy attracts snipers from special counter -terrorist services - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/oborona-bahmuta-vorog-zaluchaye-snajperiv-zi-speczialnyh-kontrterorystychnyh-sluzhb-sergij-cherevatyj/
Over 20 explosions occurred in the morning in the territory of the border of Sumy and Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/ponad-20-vybuhiv-prolunalo-vranczi-na-terytoriyi-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-i-chernigivshhyny/
To block all directions, knock down all hostile goals, we need more air defense systems and planes - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/shhob-perekryvaty-vsi-napryamky-zbyvaty-vsi-vorozhi-czili-nam-potribno-bilshe-zrk-ta-litaky-yurij-ignat/
On May 2, a round table will be held: "The contribution of Ukraine and Ukrainians to victory in World War II"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/2-travnya-vidbudetsya-kruglyj-stil-vnesok-ukrayiny-ta-ukrayincziv-u-peremogu-v-ii-svitovij-vijni/
The statements of the chief "Wagner" can be hostile IPSO - military expert Petro Chernik
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/zayavy-golovnogo-vagnerivczya-mozhut-buty-vorozhoyu-ipso-vijskovyj-ekspert-petro-chernyk/
"To protect life is a feat in the fight against evil" - President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/zahystyty-zhyttya-cze-podvyg-u-borotbi-proty-zla-prezydent/
The Chernobayivka resident is accused of displacing the occupiers and repairing their equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/meshkanczya-chornobayivky-obvynuvachuyut-u-rozselenni-okupantiv-ta-remonti-yih-tehniky/
Litpoluskrbrig held a solemn ceremony for Flag Day and the Constitution Day of Poland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/lytpolukrbryg-provela-urochystu-czeremoniyu-do-dnya-praporu-ta-svyata-konstytucziyi-polshhi/
Armed Forces counter -offensive: we go out to the finish line - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/kontrnastup-zsu-my-vyhodymo-na-finishnu-pryamu-oleksij-reznikov/
For the attention
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/do-uvagy-predstavnykiv-zmi-1-travnya-ostannij-den-diyi-preskart-zsu-starogo-zrazka/
The selection of the National Team Invictus Games took place in Lviv
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/u-lvovi-vidbuvsya-vidbir-do-naczionalnoyi-zbirnoyi-invictus-games/
Some spare parts for Western military equipment are already manufactured at Ukrainian enterprises
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/deyaki-zapchastyny-dlya-vijskovoyi-zahidnoyi-tehniky-vzhe-vygotovlyayutsya-na-ukrayinskyh-pidpryyemstvah/
The Ukrainian Court will consider the case of Rosarmia paratrooper who killed and mocked the Irpen residents
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/ukrayinskyj-sud-rozglyane-spravu-shhodo-desantnyka-rosarmiyi-yakyj-vbyvav-ta-znushhavsya-nad-zhytelyamy-irpenya/
Pope Roman is ready to help bring back Ukrainian children taken to Russia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/papa-rymskyj-gotovyj-dopomagaty-u-povernenni-vyvezenyh-rosiyeyu-ukrayinskyh-ditej/
The enemy informant was detained, who "drained" into the Russian Federation information about the defense of plants in Odesa region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/zatrymano-vorozhogo-informatora-yakyj-zlyvav-do-rf-informacziyu-pro-oboronu-zavodiv-na-odeshhyni/
Ukraine will win the technologies - Vladimir Gavrilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/ukrayina-peremozhe-zavdyaky-tehnologiyam-volodymyr-gavrylov/
Most partner countries already understand that the victory of Ukraine is the exit to the borders of 1991
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/bilshist-krayin-partneriv-vzhe-rozumiyut-shho-peremoga-ukrayiny-cze-vyhid-na-kordony-1991-roku/
Modern planes in Ukraine will be - Alexey Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/suchasni-litaky-v-ukrayini-budut-oleksij-reznikov/
ZPP: Rotation of the IAEA monitoring mission staff
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/zaes-provedena-rotacziya-personalu-monitoryngovoyi-misiyi-magate/
In Ukraine, the industry of prostheses needs serious reform - Mikhail Tsymbalyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/v-ukrayini-galuz-vyrobnycztva-proteziv-potrebuye-serjoznogo-reformuvannya-myhajlo-czymbalyuk/
GUR MO of Ukraine persistently recommends to leave the occupied Crimea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/gur-mo-ukrayiny-napoleglyvo-rekomenduye-pokynuty-okupovanyj-krym/
Canada was the first legislatively spelled out of the opportunity to use the confiscated Russian assets in support of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/kanada-pershoyu-zakonodavcho-propysala-mozhlyvist-vykorystovuvaty-na-pidtrymku-ukrayiny-konfiskovani-rosijski-aktyvy/
Alexei Reznikov discussed with the Minister of Defense of Sweden strengthening the capabilities of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/oleksij-reznikov-obgovoryv-iz-ministrom-oborony-shvecziyi-zmicznennya-spromozhnostej-zsu/
"Trojan camel" - Ukrainian scouts have revealed details of rescue special operations in Sudan
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/troyanskyj-verblyud-ukrayinski-rozvidnyky-rozkryly-detali-ryatuvalnoyi-speczoperacziyi-v-sudani/
Aviation of Defense Forces has struck 4 beats in the areas of concentration of the personnel of the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-4-udary-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-osobovogo-skladu-okupantiv/
Our warriors repelled more than 30 attacks in Liman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/nashi-voyiny-vidbyly-ponad-30-atak-protyvnyka-na-lymanskomu-bahmutskomu-avdiyivskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah/
VPN service was liquidated in Poltava, which the Russian Federation used for information operations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/u-poltavi-likvidovano-vpn-servis-yakyj-rf-vykorystovuvala-dlya-informaczijnyh-operaczij/
The Russian troops fired at Chernihiv region with managed airplanes. The baby was killed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/vijska-rf-obstrilyaly-prykordonnya-chernigivshhyny-kerovanymy-aviabombamy/
"After the explosions in the Cossack Bay, the invaders try to be as far away from the shore" - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/pislya-vybuhiv-u-kozachij-buhti-okupanty-namagayutsya-buty-yakomoga-dali-vid-berega-nataliya-gumenyuk/
Kherson region again under the fire of the Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/hersonshhyna-znovu-pid-obstrilamy-rosiyan/
Minoreintegration requires Russia to open humanitarian corridors for Ukrainians by Tot
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/minreintegracziyi-vymagaye-vid-rosiyi-vidkryty-gumanitarni-korydory-dlya-ukrayincziv-na-tot/
Ukrainian defenders in Britain are taught to fight hostilities in wooded terrain
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv-u-brytaniyi-navchayut-vedennyu-bojovyh-dij-u-lisystij-misczevosti/
Ukraine and Croatia cooperate in the fight against Russian propaganda and misinformation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/ukrayina-ta-horvatiya-spivpraczyuyut-u-borotbi-z-rosijskoyu-propagandoyu-ta-dezinformacziyeyu/
Valery Zaluzhny spent a telephone conversation with Mark Millie
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/golovnokomanduvach-zsu-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-markom-milli/
For every blow, Russian invaders will receive our response - the Presidential Appeal of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/na-kozhen-udar-rosijski-okupanty-otrymayut-nashu-vidpovid-zvernennya-prezydenta-ukrayiny/
A long -term defensive cooperation program is being prepared between Ukraine and Canada
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/mizh-ukrayinoyu-i-kanadoyu-gotuyetsya-programa-dovgotryvaloyi-mizhnarodnoyi-spivpraczi/
A military writers Forum will be held in Lviv
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/u-lvovi-vidbudetsya-forum-vijskovyh-pysmennykiv/
Short. War. Day 432. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/korotko-vijna-den-432-videodajdzhest/
APL: Everton with Mykolenko Avoid defeat in Leicester
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703380-apl-everton-z-mikolenkom-unik-porazki-u-lesteri.html
In Ukraine without precipitation, in some areas there may be freezes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703176-v-ukraini-zavtra-bez-opadiv-u-deakih-oblastah-mozlivi-zamorozki.html
In Ukraine without precipitation, in some areas there may be freezes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703176-v-ukraini-zavtra-bez-opadiv-u-deakih-oblastah-mozlivi-zamorozki.html
APL: Everton with Mykolenko Avoid defeat in Leicester
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703380-apl-everton-z-mikolenkom-unik-porazki-u-lesteri.html
States with three escorts evacuated from the capital of Sudan 700 people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703382-stati-troma-konvoami-evakuuvali-zi-stolici-sudanu-700-osib.html
Two Canadian volunteers were killed in Bakhmut's battles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703384-u-boah-za-bahmut-zaginuli-dvoe-kanadskih-dobrovolciv.html
A meeting with families of captured Marines took place at the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodynamy-polonenyh-morskyh-pihotyncziv/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====