乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-06

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

Another 27 Ukrainians have been delivered for specialized treatment at Denmark, Germany and the Netherlands clinics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/shhe-27-ukrayincziv-dostavleno-na-speczializovane-likuvannya-u-klinikah-daniyi-nimechchyny-ta-niderlandiv/
UNITED24 raised $ 1.25 million for Lyceum Recovery in Kyiv Region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/na-united24-zibraly-125-mln-dolariv-na-vidnovlennya-liczeyu-na-kyyivshhyni/
Ukrainian defenders have shown how they hone the skill between the battles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-pokazaly-yak-vidtochuyut-majsternist-mizh-boyamy/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the state awards of the military personnel of the Armed Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/volodymyr-zelenskyj-vidznachyv-derzhavnymy-nagorodamy-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-zs-ukrayiny-4/
How to handle panic attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/yak-vporatysya-z-panichnymy-atakamy/
Over the past day, the occupiers have inflicted 14 missile and 40 air strikes in Ukraine, there are affected Ukrainians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-okupanty-zavdaly-14-raketnyh-ta-40-aviaudariv-po-ukrayini-ye-postrazhdali-ukrayinczi/
Defense forces 29 times reflected the attacks of the Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/syly-oborony-29-raziv-vidbyvaly-ataky-rosiyan/
Ukrainian defenders struck 3 occupiers' management points
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-urazyly-3-punkty-upravlinnya-okupantiv/
“At least they would say goodbye to the Maidan. Buried like a dog ” - the intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/hoch-by-daly-na-majdani-poproshhatysya-pohovaly-yak-sobaku-perehoplennya-gur/
Army Yaroslav Maguchikh won the tournament in the Netherlands
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/armijka-yaroslava-maguchih-zdobula-peremogu-na-turniri-u-niderlandah/
There are signs that the occupiers are morally exhausted by the expectations of the Ukrainian counter -offensive - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/ye-oznaky-togo-shho-okupanty-moralno-vysnazheni-ochikuvannyam-ukrayinskogo-kontrnastupu-gumenyuk/
Ukrainian chaplains passed two -week training in the British Army
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/ukrayinski-kapelany-projshly-dvotyzhnevi-navchannya-u-brytanskij-armiyi/
Lithuania announced a new support package for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/lytva-anonsuvala-novyj-paket-pidtrymky-dlya-ukrayiny/
The Armed Forces warn: The enemy plans to disseminate false information about counter -offensive
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/zsu-poperedzhayut-vorog-planuye-poshyryuvaty-nedostovirnu-informacziyu-pro-kontrnastup/
Aviation and 72 Explosive items neutralized pyrotechnics per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/aviabombu-i-72-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmety-zneshkodyly-pirotehniky-za-dobu/
134 settlements fired Rosarmia for the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/134-naselenyh-punkty-obstrilyala-rosarmiya-za-mynulu-dobu-2/
Life imprisonment is threatened by FSB agents who have been spying on "decision -making centers" in the regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/dovichne-uvyaznennya-zagrozhuye-agentam-fsb-yaki-shpyguvaly-za-czentramy-pryjnyattya-rishen-u-regionah-ukrayiny/
In a day more than 60 times rescuers went to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/za-dobu-ponad-60-raziv-ryatuvalnyky-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv/
Lithuanian Lithuanian Navy began large -scale exercises "Storm Blow - 2023"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/u-vms-zs-lytvy-rozpochalys-masshtabni-navchannya-shtormovyj-udar-2023/
More than two thousand children were forcibly deported to Belarus
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/do-bilorusi-prymusovo-deportuvaly-ponad-dvi-tysyachi-ditej/
Any attack of Russian terrorists should end with a failure for them-President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/bud-yakyj-napad-rosijskyh-terorystiv-maye-zavershuvatysya-dlya-nyh-provalom-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Electronic recording for the passage of VLK already operates in 90% of military hospitals - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/elektronnyj-zapys-dlya-prohodzhennya-vlk-vzhe-funkczionuye-u-90-vijskovyh-gospitaliv-ganna-malyar/
The border of Sumy and Chernihiv region in the morning was fired from the artillery and mortars
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/prykordonnya-sumshhyny-i-chernigivshhyny-zranku-obstrilyaly-zi-stvolnoyi-artyleriyi-i-minometiv/
The President of Ukraine celebrated 70 defenders of Ukraine state awards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/prezydent-ukrayiny-vidznachyv-derzhavnymy-nagorodamy-70-zahysnykiv-ukrayiny/
The Kharkiv region will be judged by the DNR fighter who fought in the Kupyansk district
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/na-harkivshhyni-sudytymut-bojovyka-dnr-yakyj-voyuvav-u-kupyanskomu-rajoni/
The main fakes that promoted the Russian media last week
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/osnovni-fejky-yaki-prosuvaly-rosijski-zmi-czogo-tyzhnya-2/
Alexei Reznikov supported the initiative of the Singaporean designer for fundraising for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/oleksij-reznikov-pidtrymav-inicziatyvu-singapurskoyi-dyzajnerky-zi-zboru-koshtiv-dlya-ukrayiny/
Bulgaria will conduct large -scale military training in the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/bolgariya-provede-masshtabni-vijskovi-navchannya-u-chornomu-mori/
10 tons of Russian ammunition and anti -aircraft installation: hostile shroud was found in Kharkiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/10-tonn-rosijskyh-boyeprypasiv-ta-zenitna-ustanovka-na-harkivshhyni-znajdeno-vorozhyj-shron/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 15 beats on Russian invaders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-15-udariv-po-rosijskyh-zagarbnykah/
Russia will respond to all evil at the international level - Dmitry Kuleb on hearings in the UN International Court of Justice
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/rosiya-vidpovist-za-vse-zlo-na-mizhnarodnomu-rivni-dmytro-kuleba-shhodo-sluhan-v-mizhnarodnomu-sudi-oon/
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated more than 400 invaders, destroyed 11 tanks and 12 artistem
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-ponad-400-okupantiv-znyshhyly-11-tankiv-i-12-artsystem/
Passing VLK: what is done to improve work
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/prohodzhennya-vlk-shho-zrobleno-dlya-pokrashhennya-roboty/
In Singapore Josep Borrel discussed the war in Ukraine with the Minister of Defense of China
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/u-singapuri-zhozep-borrel-obgovoryv-vijnu-v-ukrayini-z-ministrom-oborony-kytayu/
85% of Ukrainian citizens are positive about women who serve in the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/85-gromadyan-ukrayiny-pozytyvno-stavlyatsya-do-zhinok-yaki-sluzhat-u-zsu/
"The keys to the Ukrainian sky are the keys to success, the keys to our victory" - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/klyuchi-vid-ukrayinskogo-neba-cze-klyuchi-do-uspihu-klyuchi-do-nashoyi-peremogy-yurij-ignat/
Ми разом з Естонією продовжимо відстоювати перемогу України і мир у Європі — Олексій Резніков
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/my-razom-z-estoniyeyu-prodovzhymo-vidstoyuvaty-peremogu-ukrayiny-i-myr-u-yevropi-oleksij-reznikov/
Secret Project Black Box caused the enemy losses of over $ 700 million
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/tayemnyj-proyekt-gur-black-box-zavdav-vorogovi-zbytkiv-na-ponad-700-miljoniv/
росіяни запускають фейки про контрнаступ, щоб відволікти увагу від поразки на Бахмутському напрямку — Ганна Маляр
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/rosiyany-zapuskayut-fejky-pro-kontrnastup-shhob-vidvolikty-uvagu-vid-porazky-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-ganna-malyar/
The occupiers have increased the number of rocket carriers in the Black Sea, total volley - 8 "calibers"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/okupanty-zbilshyly-kilkist-raketonosiyiv-u-chornomu-mori-zagalnyj-zalp-8-kalibriv/
Helped torture the participants of the resistance movement: detained the guardian of the former Russian torture in Kherson
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/dopomagav-katuvaty-uchasnykiv-ruhu-oporu-zatrymano-ohoronczya-kolyshnoyi-rosijskoyi-kativni-u-hersoni/
Alexei Reznikov thanked the participants of the Shangri-La Dialogue for the Future Movement without tyranny and genocide
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/oleksij-reznikov-podyakuvav-uchasnykam-dialog-shangri-la-za-ruh-u-majbutnye-bez-tyraniyi-ta-genoczydu/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Britain
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/volodymyr-zelenskyj-zustrivsya-iz-glavoyu-mzs-brytaniyi/
More than 108 thousand crimes of the Russian Federation documented the Office of the Prosecutor General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/ponad-108-tysyach-zlochyniv-rf-zadokumentuvav-ofis-generalnogo-prokurora/
Anna Malyar reported the promotion of Ukrainian troops in the Bakhmut direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/ganna-malyar-povidomyla-pro-prosuvannya-ukrayinskyh-vijsk-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku/
Dmitry Lubinets: Russians translate political prisoners from Crimea to a secret detention center on Chongar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/dmytro-lubinecz-rosiyany-perevodyat-politvyazniv-iz-krymu-do-tayemnogo-sizo-na-chongari/
Ministry of Veterans announced the composition of the National Team "Igor of the Non -Cholone - 2023"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/minveteraniv-ogolosylo-sklad-naczionalnoyi-zbirnoyi-igor-neskorenyh-2023/
Mateusz Moravetsky: Ukraine deserves an accelerated introduction to NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/mateush-moraveczkyj-ukrayina-zaslugovuye-na-pryskorenyj-vstup-do-nato/
The war is not only destroyed by Ukraine, it also destroys the Russian Federation - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/vijna-rujnuye-ne-tilky-ukrayinu-vona-rujnuye-i-rosijsku-federacziyu-ganna-malyar/
June 6 will take place a straight telephone line with the Thro Armed Forces Commander
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/6-chervnya-vidbudetsya-pryama-telefonna-liniya-z-komanduvachem-syl-tro-zsu/
In the east of Ukraine there were 25 combat clashes per day - the General Staff of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/na-shodi-ukrayiny-za-dobu-vidbulos-25-bojovyh-zitknen-genshtab-zsu/
IAEA provided Ukraine for physical and nuclear safety in the amount of 5 million euros
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/magate-nadalo-ukrayini-obladnannya-dlya-fizychnoyi-ta-yadernoyi-bezpeky-na-sumu-5-mln-yevro/
Denis Shmigal and James Kleverli discussed military cooperation and prospects for Euro -Atlantic integration
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/denys-shmygal-ta-dzhejms-kleverli-obgovoryly-vijskovu-spivpraczyu-vidnovlennya-ta-perspektyvy-yevroatlantychnoyi-integracziyi/
In Kharkiv, the Russian Air Bomb with 300 kilograms of explosives was neutralized
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/na-harkivshhyni-zneshkodyly-rosijsku-aviabombu-iz-300-kilogramamy-vybuhivky/
Alexei Reznikov thanked the Ukrainian delegation for the promotion of national interests in the Singapore Forum
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/oleksij-reznikov-podyakuvav-ukrayinskij-delegacziyi-za-prosuvannya-naczionalnyh-interesiv-na-forumi-u-singapuri/
In the window of more than 300 cadets received the title of "junior lieutenant"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/u-viknu-ponad-300-kursantiv-otrymaly-zvannya-molodshyj-lejtenant/
The United States has allocated $ 37 million to strengthen Ukraine's cyber resistance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/ssha-vydilyly-37-mln-dolariv-na-posylennya-kiberstijkosti-ukrayiny/
Ukrainian aviation has inflicted 18 blows to the enemy and his SCR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/ukrayinska-aviacziya-zavdala-18-udariv-po-vorogu-ta-jogo-zrk/
The coordination headquarters reported that the commander should do in case of a soldier's disappearance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-povidomyly-shho-povynen-robyty-komandyr-u-razi-znyknennya-soldata/
Our troops move despite the fact that the enemy tries to resist - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/nashi-vijska-prosuvayutsya-popry-te-shho-vorog-namagayetsya-chynyty-opir-sergij-cherevatyj/
Russians set up production and replenish their rockets - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/rosiyany-nalagodzhuyut-vyrobnycztvo-i-popovnyuyut-svij-zapas-raket-ganna-malyar/
Ukraine and the United States of America have held an annual cyber political debate
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/ukrayina-ta-spolucheni-shtaty-ameryky-provely-shhorichnu-dyskusiyu-z-pytan-kiberpolityky/
In the field hospital in Luhansk region, the occupiers sent 20 trucks with wounded military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/u-polovyj-gospital-na-luganshhyni-okupanty-napravyly-20-vantazhivok-z-poranenymy-vijskovymy/
GUR: In Russia, the senior operational group "Belgorod" was eliminated
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/gur-u-rosiyi-likviduvaly-starshogo-operatyvnogo-ugrupovannya-byelgorod/
Alexander Smirnov left the post of head of the National Information Bureau
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/oleksandr-smyrnov-pokynuv-post-golovy-naczionalnogo-informaczijnogo-byuro/
Rosarmia plans to destroy Shebekino artillery - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/armiya-rf-planuye-znyshhyty-artyleriyeyu-shebekino-perehoplennya/
The President of Ukraine thanked the soldiers who are fighting in the Bakhmut direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/prezydent-ukrayiny-podyakuvav-voyinam-yaki-voyuyut-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku/
Ukraine has a legitimate right to self -defense - Hungary President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719219-ukraina-mae-legitimne-pravo-na-samooboronu-prezidentka-ugorsini.html
путінський режим залучає вчителів та учнів до поширення пропаганди — зовнішня розвідка
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/putinskyj-rezhym-zaluchaye-vchyteliv-ta-uchniv-do-poshyrennya-propagandy/
Important Mine Security Rules worth memory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/vazhlyvi-pravyla-minnoyi-bezpeky-yaki-varto-pamyataty/
Chubarov told about the moods in the Crimea after the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3719314-cubarov-rozpoviv-pro-nastroi-u-krimu-pisla-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Ecological losses from military aggression of the Russian Federation amount to almost UAH 2000 billion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/zahyst-dovkillya-v-umovah-povnomasshtabnogo-rosijskogo-vtorgnennya-zareyestrovano-blyzko-200-provadzhen-shhodo-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
Vienna protested against Russian terror because of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719309-u-vidni-protestuvali-proti-rosijskogo-teroru-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges.html
NATO will expand the headquarters by adopting new members
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/nato-rozshyryt-shtab-kvartyru-cherez-pryjnyattya-novyh-chleniv/
Di Maria decided to leave Juventus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719311-di-maria-virisiv-pokinuti-uventus.html
12,000 Russian shelling survived during the large -scale war Kharkiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/12-tysyach-rosijskyh-obstriliv-perezhyla-za-chas-povnomasshtabnoyi-vijny-harkivshhyna/
Russian invaders have already realized that they would have to escape from Crimea - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3719304-rosijski-okupanti-vze-usvidomili-so-i-z-krimu-im-dovedetsa-vtekti-zelenskij.html
Coordination Staff meeting: Priority - Protection of the Rights of the Child during Martial Status
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/zasidannya-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-priorytet-zahyst-prav-dytyny-pid-chas-voyennogo-stanu/
The White House responded to Lavrov's statements about F-16 and nuclear weapons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719306-bilij-dim-vidpoviv-na-zaavi-lavrova-pro-f16-ta-adernu-zbrou.html
Above Kiev in May, air defense forces destroyed 20 ballistic and 65 winged missiles released by Russia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/nad-kyyevom-u-travni-syly-ppo-znyshhyly-20-balistychnyh-i-65-krylatyh-raket-vypushhenyh-rosiyeyu/
President about Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants: the world should show that Russia will not come from the hands of such terror
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719305-prezident-pro-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-svit-mae-pokazati-so-rosii-ne-zijde-z-ruk-takij-teror.html
Benzema has become a player of Al-Aitichad
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719302-benzema-stav-gravcem-alittihadu.html
The SBU has declared suspicion by seven collaborators, including Aksenova colleague
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719053-sbu-ogolosila-pidozru-se-simom-kolaborantam-sered-akih-soratnica-aksonova.html
Zelensky: We do everything to provide water to those who received it from the Kakhovka reservoir
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719301-zelenskij-robimo-vse-dla-zabezpecenna-vodou-tih-hto-otrimuvav-ii-z-kahovskogo-vodoshovisa.html
35 із 35: сили ППО уночі знищили всі крилаті ракети
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/35-iz-35-syly-ppo-unochi-znyshhyly-usi-krylati-rakety/
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station will make it impossible to supply water to Crimea - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3719299-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-unemozlivit-postacanna-vodi-u-krim-danilov.html
President: Created by Russian Catastrophe terrorists on Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station will not stop Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719297-prezident-stvorena-rosijskimi-teroristami-katastrofa-na-kahovskij-ges-ne-zupinit-ukrainu.html
The Russian terrorist attack from Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station will not affect the power system - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719298-rosijskij-terakt-iz-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-ne-vpline-na-funkcionuvanna-energosistemi-smigal.html
The Russians hit the artillery on Kherson during the evacuation of civilians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719294-rosiani-vdarili-z-artilerii-po-hersonu-pid-cas-evakuacii-civilnih.html
Zelensky told CEO of the IAEA about the consequences
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719293-zelenskij-rozpoviv-gendirektoru-magate-pro-naslidki-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Zaporozhye is ready to accept residents of Kherson region who were evacuated because
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719292-zaporizza-gotove-prijnati-meskanciv-hersonsini-aki-evakuuvalis-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges.html
The construction of hydroelectric power plants instead of Kakhovskaya will cost billions of dollars - crying
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719290-sporudzenna-ges-zamist-kahovskoi-kostuvatime-milardi-dolariv-plackov.html
States do not exclude that after the blasting of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station there will be a need to increase assistance to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719291-stati-ne-viklucaut-so-pisla-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-vinikne-potreba-zbilsiti-dopomogu-ukraini.html
The expert told about the threats to the power grids after the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719288-ekspert-rozpoviv-pro-zagrozi-dla-elektromerez-pisla-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Since the beginning of the war, 1,200 cancer children have been evacuated for treatment at the European Clinic
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/z-pochatku-vijny-1-200-onkohvoryh-ditej-buly-evakujovani-na-likuvannya-do-klinik-yevropy/
Dovbik continued the contract with Dnipro-1
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719286-dovbik-prodovziv-kontrakt-iz-dniprom1.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station will not hurt the Ukrainian counter -offensive - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719285-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-ne-zavadit-ukrainskomu-kontrnastupu-danilov.html
In Beijing began investigating the first two cases of monkey smallpox
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719284-u-pekini-rozpocali-rozsliduvanna-persih-dvoh-vipadkiv-mavpacoi-vispi.html
Evacuated from Kherson region will receive financial assistance - how much will they pay
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719283-evakujovani-z-hersonsini-otrimaut-grosovu-dopomogu-skilki-viplatat.html
Shmigal: Water level in the ZPEC Coments - on a technically required mark
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719281-smigal-riven-vodi-u-stavioholodzuvaci-zaes-na-tehnicno-neobhidnij-poznacci.html
States intend to publish intelligence on the exclusion of Russia by the Kakhovsky Dam - NBC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719277-stati-maut-namir-opriludniti-rozviddani-sodo-pidrivu-rosieu-kahovskoi-dambi-nbc.html
The presentation of the form of the national team of Ukraine for European Games-2023 took place in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719276-u-kievi-vidbulasa-prezentacia-formi-zbirnoi-ukraini-na-evropejski-igri2023.html
The Russians again fired the ammonia pipeline in Kharkiv - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719278-rosiani-znovu-obstrilali-amiakoprovid-na-harkivsini-ova.html
Russian media justify the deportation of Ukrainian children in their programs and news
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/rosijski-media-vypravdovuyut-deportacziyu-ukrayinskyh-ditej-u-svoyih-peredachah-ta-novynah/
Yulia Sviridenko: We look forward to the UNDP in the organization of mine processes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/spodivayemosya-na-dopomogu-proon-v-pytannyah-efektyvnoyi-organizacziyi-proczesiv-rozminuvannya/
Ukraine has to work on the reaction of the "non -watery world" to the undermining of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station - Klimkin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719220-ukraina-mae-popracuvati-nad-reakcieu-nezahidnogo-svitu-na-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-klimkin.html
Ukrainian defenders knocked down the enemy helicopter Ka-52
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-zbyly-vorozhyj-vertolit-ka-52/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy about the undermining HPP: the Russian Federation confirmed that each meter uses for terror
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/volodymyr-zelenskyj-pro-pidryv-ges-rf-pidtverdyla-shho-kozhen-metr-vykorystovuye-dlya-teroru/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
The undermining of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants can have negative consequences for ZPP - Energoatom
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/pidryv-okupantamy-kahovskoyi-ges-mozhe-maty-negatyvni-naslidky-dlya-zaes-energoatom/
Joe Biden thanked Denmark for Ukraine's adamant support
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/dzho-bajden-podyakuvav-daniyi-za-nepohytnu-pidtrymku-ukrayiny/
The evacuation train from Kherson successfully arrived in Nikolaev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719111-evakuacijnij-poizd-z-hersona-uspisno-pribuv-do-mikolaeva-ukrzaliznica.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station led to flooding Russian positions - the Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719113-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-prizviv-do-zatoplenna-rosijskih-pozicij-minoboroni.html
Local budgets in May listed ₴ 15.8 billion - Ministry of Finance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719112-miscevim-budzetam-u-travni-pererahuvali-158-milarda-minfin.html
Svitolin was shown in Paris after a match with Belarusian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719116-svitolinu-osvistali-u-parizi-pisla-matcu-z-biloruskou.html
The undermining of the Kakhovsk Dam is not a threat to the Kremenchug hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719119-pidriv-kahovskoi-dambi-ne-stanovit-zagrozi-dla-dla-kremencuckoi-ges.html
NATO countries should not allow Russia to destroy Ukraine - Duda
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719121-kraini-nato-ne-povinni-dozvoliti-rosii-znisiti-ukrainu-duda.html
Ukroboronprom and Czech company will jointly repair T-64 tanks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719123-ukroboronprom-i-ceska-kompania-spilno-remontuvatimut-tanki-t64.html
Babe exposed an underground production of alcohol with a daily turnover of 20 tons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719124-beb-vikrilo-pidpilne-virobnictvo-spirtu-z-sodennim-oborotom-u-20-tonn.html
Council of Europe leaders condemned Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719133-lideri-radi-evropi-zasudili-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges.html
China responded to Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719125-kitaj-vidreaguvav-na-pidriv-dambi-kahovskoi-ges.html
Kherson floods: what is the situation in the city
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719106-herson-zatoplue-aka-situacia-u-misti.html
The linguistic Ombudsman told what Ukrainians complain about him
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719138-movnij-ombudsmen-rozpoviv-na-so-jomu-skarzatsa-ukrainci.html
In a number of shelters of Kiev have already carried out cosmetic repairs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3719139-u-nizci-ukrittiv-kieva-vze-proveli-kosmeticnij-remont.html
Due to the blasting of the RF Army, Kakhovskaya Hydroe Dam Dams were assigned an evacuation train from Kherson
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/cherez-pidryv-armiyeyu-rf-damby-kahovskoyi-ges-pryznacheno-evakuaczijnyj-potyag-z-hersonu/
The United States has imposed sanctions against the international network with the assistance of the Iran missile program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719143-ssa-vveli-sankcii-proti-miznarodnoi-merezi-za-sprianna-raketnij-programi-iranu.html
Three bridges have been flooded on the deocal Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719142-na-deokupovanij-hersonsini-pidtopleni-tri-mosti.html
The blasting of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants will not affect Cherkasy water supply
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719145-pidriv-dambi-kahovskoi-ges-ne-poznacitsa-na-vodopostacanni-cerkas.html
Nibulon infrastructure on the Dnieper was destroyed before the Kakhovskaya Hydroe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719147-infrastruktura-nibulonu-na-dnipri-bula-zrujnovana-se-do-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
The Ministry of Finance has placed the T -bills another 4.8 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719149-minfin-rozmistiv-ovdp-se-na-48-milarda.html
Only swans and ducks were escaped in the zoo in Nova Kakhovka
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719150-u-zooparku-v-novij-kahovci-vratuvalisa-tilki-lebedi-i-kacki.html
Zelensky passed the Order of the Golden Star to the native heroes of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719152-zelenskij-peredav-ordeni-zolota-zirka-ridnim-zagiblih-geroiv-ukraini.html
Bucharest nine leaders will continue to support Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719155-lideri-buharestskoi-devatki-prodovzat-pidtrimuvati-ukrainu.html
The Prosecutor General informed the European Commissioner about the consequences
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719154-genprokuror-poinformuvav-evrokomisara-pro-naslidki-pidrivu-kahovskoi-dambi.html
The free world should condemn the barbarism of Russia - the Marshal of the Seimas of Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719161-vilnij-svit-mae-zasuditi-varvarstvo-rosii-marsalok-sejmu-polsi.html
Finland sends nine employees of the Russian Embassy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719158-finlandia-visilae-devat-spivrobitnikiv-rosijskogo-posolstva.html
Estonian President after the Bucharest Nine Summit: It is important to continue Ukraine's support
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719160-prezident-estonii-pisla-samitu-buharestskoi-devatki-vazlivo-prodovziti-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
The most effective response of the world to crimes of the Russian Federation is the provision of military assistance to Ukraine - human rights activists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719118-najefektivnisou-reakcieu-svitu-na-zlocini-rf-e-nadanna-ukraini-vijskovoi-dopomogi-pravozahisniki.html
In the Beryslav district showed flooded settlements
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719170-u-berislavskomu-rajoni-pokazali-pidtopleni-naseleni-punkti.html
In Kharkiv, due to a rocket stroke of the Russian Federation until there are 30 houses in the city center without water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719163-u-harkovi-cerez-raketnij-udar-rf-poki-bez-vodi-30-budinkiv-u-centri-mista.html
Bakhmut is directed the best and most recent weapons - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719166-u-bahmut-spramovuetsa-najkrase-i-najnovitnise-ozbroenna-zelenskij.html
Russia has violated the Convention on the Combating Financing of Terrorism, giving weapons to the militants - a lawyer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719168-rosia-porusila-konvenciu-pro-borotbu-z-finansuvannam-terorizmu-nadavsi-zbrou-bojovikam-advokat.html
The World Bank has improved the world economy growth forecast up to 2.1%
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719180-svitovij-bank-pokrasiv-prognoz-zrostanna-svitovoi-ekonomiki-do-21.html
The consequences of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station will be clear in a week - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719171-naslidki-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-budut-zrozumili-za-tizden-zelenskij.html
As a result of the shelling, 134 tons of ammonia occurred: Synugubov told about the situation in Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719174-unaslidok-obstrilu-stavsa-vitik-134-tonn-amiaku-sinegubov-rozpoviv-pro-situaciu-na-harkivsini.html
Blinken plans to visit China in the next weeks - Bloomberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719178-blinken-planue-vidvidati-kitaj-najblizcimi-tiznami-bloomberg.html
NATO's accession is the best security guarantee for Ukraine - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719181-vstup-do-nato-e-najkrasou-garantieu-bezpeki-dla-ukraini-prezident.html
Defense forces have success near Bakhmut and other areas of the front - Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719182-sili-oboroni-maut-uspihi-bila-bahmuta-j-insih-dilanok-frontu-minoboroni.html
Zelensky: Knyazev's detention is an example that no one is hiding anything
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719184-zelenskij-zatrimanna-knazeva-ce-priklad-so-nihto-nicogo-ne-hovae.html
Aviation of Defense Forces made 10 blows on Russian invaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719185-aviacia-sil-oboroni-zavdala-10-udariv-po-rosijskih-zagarbnikah.html
Journalism standards during the war are more important than in peacetime - media experts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719186-standarti-zurnalistiki-pid-cas-vijni-vazlivisi-niz-u-mirnij-cas-mediaeksperti.html
Another devastating consequence of the invasion: the UN Secretary General reacted to the undermining of the Kakhovsk Dam
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719190-se-odin-rujnivnij-naslidok-vtorgnenna-gensek-oon-vidreaguvav-na-pidriv-kahovskoi-dambi.html
Demobilization is not yet there, because the war continues - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719189-demobilizacii-poki-ne-bude-bo-trivae-vijna-zelenskij.html
Russians increase the cost of propaganda on the Internet by seven times - OP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719191-rosiani-zbilsuut-vitrati-na-propagandu-v-interneti-u-sim-raziv-op.html
Arcelormittal Kryvyi Rih suspended steel production to reduce water consumption
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719192-arselormittal-krivij-rig-prizupiniv-virobnictvo-stali-sob-zmensiti-spozivanna-vodi.html
Kostyuk failed to break through to the semifinals "Rolan Harros"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719193-kostuk-ne-vdalosa-probitisa-do-pivfinalu-rolan-garros.html
Ukraine is doing everything to make a blackout - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719196-ukraina-robit-use-sob-nastupnoi-zimi-ne-stavsa-blekaut-prezident.html
In the western and northern regions tomorrow - short -term rains, in the afternoon up to +27 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719137-u-zahidnih-i-pivnicnih-oblastah-zavtra-korotkocasni-dosi-vden-do-27.html
Ukraine reacted to the "greeting" of the UN on the occasion of Russian Day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719198-ukraina-vidreaguvala-na-privitanna-oon-z-nagodi-dna-rosijskoi-movi.html
Partners are ready to provide F-16, but it requires infrastructure-Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719200-partneri-gotovi-nadati-f16-ale-dla-cogo-potribna-infrastruktura-zelenskij.html
Today, the UN Council will discuss the blast of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station by Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719204-sogodni-radbez-oon-obgovorit-pidriv-rosieu-grebli-kahovskoi-ges.html
Ukraine's youth team went to Austria on the eve of Euro 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719201-molodizna-zbirna-ukraini-virusila-na-zbir-do-avstrii-naperedodni-evro2023.html
Zelensky said when the formula of the peace can take place
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719205-zelenskij-skazav-koli-moze-vidbutisa-samit-formuli-miru.html
Kuleba discussed with Borrel's blasting the Kakhovka Dam - EU is ready to assist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719209-es-gotovij-nadati-dopomogu-kuleba-obgovoriv-iz-borrelem-pidriv-kahovskoi-dambi.html
Water in Ingulka rose 60 centimeters, flooded pedestrian bridge
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719211-voda-v-ingulci-pidnalasa-na-60-sm-zatoplenij-pisohidnij-mist.html
The Ministry of Energy does not exclude imbalance in the power system because
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719213-minenergo-ne-viklucae-disbalansu-v-energosistemi-vnaslidok-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Svitolina: Disappointed that didn't go on today, but I did everything I could
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719215-svitolina-rozcarovana-so-ne-projsla-sogodni-dali-ale-a-zrobila-vse-so-mogla.html
Temporarily occupied territories - painter will be more affected by Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719216-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-bilse-postrazdaut-timcasovo-okupovani-teritorii-malar.html
Czech President: Support of Ukraine is not a choice but a need
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719217-prezident-cehii-pidtrimka-ukraini-ce-ne-vibir-a-neobhidnist.html
Ukraine has a legitimate right to self -defense - Hungary President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719219-ukraina-mae-legitimne-pravo-na-samooboronu-prezidentka-ugorsini.html
Ukraine has to work on the reaction of the "non -watery world" to the undermining of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station - Klimkin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719220-ukraina-mae-popracuvati-nad-reakcieu-nezahidnogo-svitu-na-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-klimkin.html
Kostin passed all the necessary information on the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station to the International Criminal Court
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719221-kostin-peredav-miznarodnomu-kriminalnomu-sudu-vsu-neobhidnu-informaciu-sodo-kahovskoi-ges.html
Only full -fledged NATO membership can guarantee peace in Europe - Levitus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719224-tilki-povnopravne-clenstvo-ukraini-v-nato-moze-garantuvati-mir-u-evropi-levits.html
Zelensky stated that he expects from Turkey more weapons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719228-zelenskij-zaaviv-so-ocikue-vid-tureccini-bilse-zbroi.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: von der Liaien announced humanitarian aid from Europe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719227-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-fon-der-laen-anonsuvala-gumanitarnu-dopomogu-vid-evropi.html
Kleverli visited the area in Kyiv region exchanged by British Halo Trust
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719028-kleverli-vidvidav-na-kiivsini-dilanku-aku-rozminovue-britanska-halo-trust.html
Situation on Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power: President held a rate meeting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719229-situacia-na-kahovskij-ges-zelenskij-proviv-zasidanna-stavki.html
Ukraine has already returned 2500 people from Russia, about 400 children - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719232-ukraina-vze-povernula-z-rosii-2500-ludej-z-nih-blizko-400-ditej-zelenskij.html
Rescuers have created a reserve of forces to respond to complication of the situation around the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719230-ratuvalniki-stvorili-rezerv-sil-dla-reaguvanna-na-uskladnenna-situacii-navkolo-kahovskoi-ges.html
As a result of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, there is a threat of flooding up to 80 settlements-Prime Minister of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/vnaslidok-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-ye-zagroza-zatoplennya-do-80-naselenyh-punktiv-premyer-ministr-ukrayiny/
Seleznyov held a farewell match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719233-seleznov-proviv-prosalnij-matc.html
In the Congress of Canadian Ukrainians, they demand to recognize Russia with a terrorist state due
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3719234-u-kongresi-ukrainciv-kanadi-vimagaut-viznati-rosiu-derzavouteroristom-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges.html
Planet Labs showed satellite images of the dam in Nova Kakhovka before and after blasting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3719236-planet-labs-pokazav-suputnikovi-znimki-dambi-u-novij-kahovci-do-i-pisla-pidrivu.html
Experts expect changes to Ukraine's media market after the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719237-eksperti-ocikuut-zmin-na-mediarinku-ukraini-pisla-vijni.html
A protest action was held under the Russian Embassy in Warsaw because
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719241-pid-posolstvom-rosii-u-varsavi-vidbulas-akcia-protestu-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges.html
The UN General Assembly has chosen new non -permanent members of the Security Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719244-genasamblea-oon-obrala-novih-nepostijnih-cleniv-radbezu.html
Ukraine does not fight with Russia in its territory - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719246-ukraina-ne-voue-z-rosieu-na-ii-teritorii-zelenskij.html
The occupiers have stolen at least 18 Crimean Tatars in the Peninsula in three months
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3719247-okupanti-za-tri-misaci-vikrali-na-pivostrovi-sonajmense-18-krimskih-tatar.html
NATO's Open Doors for Ukraine is not enough - Nauseda
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719252-povtoren-pro-vidkriti-dveri-nato-dla-ukraini-vze-nedostatno-nauseda.html
The East Expo 2023 exhibition involves more than 80 companies from the regions affected by the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719254-u-vistavci-shidekspo-2023-berut-ucast-ponad-80-kompanij-z-postrazdalih-vid-vijni-regioniv.html
The invaders fired at Nikopol region from artillery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719256-zagarbniki-obstrilali-nikopolsinu-z-artilerii.html
In the Russian Federation a week before Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants were allowed not to investigate accidents and terrorist attacks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719258-vlada-rf-za-tizden-do-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-dozvolila-ne-rozsliduvati-avarii-j-terakti-the-insider.html
Zelensky told who was engaged in the capture of the Russians of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719262-zelenskij-rozpoviv-hto-zajmaetsa-spravou-sodo-zahoplenna-rosianami-kahovskoi-ges.html
Klimenko headed a working group that is responsible for overcoming the consequences
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719264-klimenko-ocoliv-robocu-grupu-aka-vidpovidae-za-podolanna-naslidkiv-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
The peak of water spill from the Kakhovka reservoir is expected by the morning of June 7 - Ukrhydroenergo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719265-pik-rozlivu-vodi-z-kahovskogo-vodoshovisa-ocikuetsa-do-ranku-7-cervna-ukrgidroenergo.html
For the year of full -scale invasion, Ukraine has risen to 27 positions in the rating of the freedom of the press - MKIP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719268-za-rik-povnomasstabnogo-vtorgnenna-ukraina-pidnalasa-na-27-pozicij-u-rejtingu-svobodi-presi-mkip.html
White House - About the Kakhovska Hydroe Clea: We work with Ukrainians to gather more information
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719269-bilij-dim-pro-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-mi-pracuemo-z-ukraincami-abi-zibrati-bilse-informacii.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
The tragedy on Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station is another example of a terrible price of war for people - Guterres
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719271-tragedia-na-kahovskij-ges-e-se-odnim-prikladom-zahlivoi-cini-vijni-dla-ludej-guterres.html
The world has chosen a decision about Russia's future in this war - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719274-svit-obrav-risenna-pro-majbutne-rosii-u-cij-vijni-zelenskij.html
Zelensky gave a press conference. The main theses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719167-zelenskij-dae-preskonferenciu.html
The Russians again fired the ammonia pipeline in Kharkiv - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719278-rosiani-znovu-obstrilali-amiakoprovid-na-harkivsini-ova.html
The presentation of the form of the national team of Ukraine for European Games-2023 took place in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719276-u-kievi-vidbulasa-prezentacia-formi-zbirnoi-ukraini-na-evropejski-igri2023.html
States intend to publish intelligence on the exclusion of Russia by the Kakhovsky Dam - NBC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719277-stati-maut-namir-opriludniti-rozviddani-sodo-pidrivu-rosieu-kahovskoi-dambi-nbc.html
Шмигаль: Рівень води у ставі-охолоджувачі ЗАЕС - на технічно необхідній позначці
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719281-smigal-riven-vodi-u-stavioholodzuvaci-zaes-na-tehnicno-neobhidnij-poznacci.html
Evacuated from Kherson region will receive financial assistance - how much will they pay
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719283-evakujovani-z-hersonsini-otrimaut-grosovu-dopomogu-skilki-viplatat.html
In Beijing began investigating the first two cases of monkey smallpox
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719284-u-pekini-rozpocali-rozsliduvanna-persih-dvoh-vipadkiv-mavpacoi-vispi.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station will not hurt the Ukrainian counter -offensive - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719285-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-ne-zavadit-ukrainskomu-kontrnastupu-danilov.html
Dovbik continued the contract with Dnipro-1
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719286-dovbik-prodovziv-kontrakt-iz-dniprom1.html
The expert told about the threats to the power grids after the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719288-ekspert-rozpoviv-pro-zagrozi-dla-elektromerez-pisla-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: as of 10:00, 742 people have already evacuated
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-stanom-na-1000-evakujovano-vzhe-742-osoby/
States do not exclude that after the blasting of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station there will be a need to increase assistance to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719291-stati-ne-viklucaut-so-pisla-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-vinikne-potreba-zbilsiti-dopomogu-ukraini.html
The construction of hydroelectric power plants instead of Kakhovskaya will cost billions of dollars - crying
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719290-sporudzenna-ges-zamist-kahovskoi-kostuvatime-milardi-dolariv-plackov.html
Zaporozhye is ready to accept residents of Kherson region who were evacuated because
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719292-zaporizza-gotove-prijnati-meskanciv-hersonsini-aki-evakuuvalis-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges.html
Zelensky told CEO of the IAEA about the consequences
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719293-zelenskij-rozpoviv-gendirektoru-magate-pro-naslidki-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
The Russians hit the artillery on Kherson during the evacuation of civilians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719294-rosiani-vdarili-z-artilerii-po-hersonu-pid-cas-evakuacii-civilnih.html
The Russian terrorist attack from Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station will not affect the power system - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719298-rosijskij-terakt-iz-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-ne-vpline-na-funkcionuvanna-energosistemi-smigal.html
President: Created by Russian Catastrophe terrorists on Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station will not stop Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719297-prezident-stvorena-rosijskimi-teroristami-katastrofa-na-kahovskij-ges-ne-zupinit-ukrainu.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station will make it impossible to supply water to Crimea - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3719299-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-unemozlivit-postacanna-vodi-u-krim-danilov.html
Zelensky: We do everything to provide water to those who received it from the Kakhovka reservoir
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719301-zelenskij-robimo-vse-dla-zabezpecenna-vodou-tih-hto-otrimuvav-ii-z-kahovskogo-vodoshovisa.html
The SBU has declared suspicion by seven collaborators, including Aksenova colleague
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719053-sbu-ogolosila-pidozru-se-simom-kolaborantam-sered-akih-soratnica-aksonova.html
Benzema has become a player of Al-Aitichad
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719302-benzema-stav-gravcem-alittihadu.html
President about Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants: the world should show that Russia will not come from the hands of such terror
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719305-prezident-pro-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-svit-mae-pokazati-so-rosii-ne-zijde-z-ruk-takij-teror.html
The White House responded to Lavrov's statements about F-16 and nuclear weapons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719306-bilij-dim-vidpoviv-na-zaavi-lavrova-pro-f16-ta-adernu-zbrou.html
Russian invaders have already realized that they would have to escape from Crimea - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3719304-rosijski-okupanti-vze-usvidomili-so-i-z-krimu-im-dovedetsa-vtekti-zelenskij.html
Di Maria decided to leave Juventus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719311-di-maria-virisiv-pokinuti-uventus.html
Vienna protested against Russian terror because of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719309-u-vidni-protestuvali-proti-rosijskogo-teroru-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges.html
Chubarov told about the moods in the Crimea after the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3719314-cubarov-rozpoviv-pro-nastroi-u-krimu-pisla-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Укргідроенерго: Каховську ГЕС повністю зруйновано, відновленню не підлягає
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/ukrgidroenergo-kahovsku-ges-povnistyu-zrujnovano-vidnovlennyu-ne-pidlyagaye/
Former Lutsk Corvette Commander, who has crossed the enemy's side, threatens up to 15 years in prison
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/kolyshnomu-komandyru-korveta-luczk-yakyj-perejshov-na-bik-voroga-zagrozhuye-do-15-rokiv-tyurmy/
In the Tavriysk direction, our artillerymen performed almost one and a half thousand fire tasks in the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-za-dobu-nashi-artylerysty-vykonaly-majzhe-pivtory-tysyachi-vognevyh-zavdan/
At Belarus landfills, hostile units continue
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/na-poligonah-bilorusi-tryvaye-pidgotovka-vorozhyh-pidrozdiliv/
The head of the Euro Council is shocked by the destruction of the Kakhovsk dam: we will hold Russia accountable
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/glava-yevrorady-shokovanyj-terorystychnym-obstrilom-kahovskoyi-damby-my-prytyagnemo-rosiyu-do-vidpovidalnosti/
The NSDC agreed to hold the Russian Federation for a terrorist attack on Kakhovskaya HPP - Head of State
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/rnbo-pogodyla-kompleks-zahodiv-shhodo-prytyagnennya-rf-do-vidpovidalnosti-za-terakt-na-kahovskij-ges-glava-derzhavy/
Thanks to our journalists, the whole world knows the truth about the terrible actions of the aggressor - Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/zavdyaky-nashym-zhurnalistam-ves-svit-znaye-pravdu-pro-strashni-diyannya-agresora-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
NATO Secretary General: Destruction of the Kakhovsk Damshi once again demonstrates the cruelty of Russia's war in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/gensek-nato-rujnuvannya-kahovskoyi-damby-vkotre-demonstruye-zhorstokist-vijny-rosiyi-v-ukrayini/
As a result of shelling of settlements of Ukraine, the army of the Russian Federation was killed 3 civilians, 21 - wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/vnaslidok-obstriliv-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-armiyeyu-rf-zagynulo-3-czyvilni-osoby-21-poraneno/
Через російську агресію в Україні постраждали 1520 об’єктів культурної інфраструктури
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/cherez-rosijsku-agresiyu-v-ukrayini-postrazhdaly-1520-obyektiv-kulturnoyi-infrastruktury/
In the morning more than 30 explosions occurred in the territory of the border of Sumy and Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/zranku-ponad-30-vybuhiv-prolunalo-na-terytoriyi-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-i-chernigivshhyny/
Medical assistance in martial law: transparency of the process through the Meddata system
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/medychna-dopomoga-v-umovah-voyennogo-stanu-prozorist-proczesu-cherez-systemu-meddata/
For the undermining of the Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power Plant, ordinary perpetrators of the SBU - SBU will be brought to justice
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/za-pidryv-grebli-kahovskoyi-ges-do-vidpovidalnosti-bude-prytyagnuto-j-ryadovyh-vykonavcziv-zlochynu-sbu/
Enemy propaganda extends misinformation about Ukraine's potential membership in NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/vorozha-propaganda-na-svoyih-resursah-poshyryuye-dezinformacziyu-pro-potenczijne-chlenstvo-ukrayiny-v-nato/
Underwenting Russians of Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power: The reaction of Europe and the world
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/pidryv-rosiyanamy-kahovskoyi-ges-reakcziya-yevropy-j-svitu/
Migrants can apply for a voucher to study online
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/pereselenczi-mozhut-podaty-zayavku-na-otrymannya-vauchera-na-navchannya-onlajn/
The Ministry of Defense warns of increased minna danger in the area of flooding in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/minoborony-poperedzhaye-pro-pidvyshhenu-minnu-nebezpeku-v-rajoni-pidtoplennya-na-hersonshhyni/
Russian invaders undermined the Kakhovsk Hydroe Hep - OK "South"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/rosijski-okupanty-pidirvaly-kahovsku-ges-ok-pivden/
As of 13:00, nearly 1000 people were evacuated as a result
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/stanom-na-1300-majzhe-1000-osib-evakujovano-vnaslidok-pidryvu-damby-kahovskoyi-ges/
The NSDC reacted to the Russian propaganda fake on the "death" of Budanov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/u-rnbo-zreaguvaly-na-fejk-rosijskoyi-propagandy-shhodo-zagybeli-budanova/
The army of the Russian Federation struck a rocket strike on Kharkiv - the General Staff of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/armiya-rf-zavdala-raketnogo-udaru-po-harkovu-genshtab-zsu/
Estonia Prime Minister-About Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power: The West should stop this cycle of aggression, helping Ukraine win
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/premyer-ministr-estoniyi-pro-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-zahid-maye-zupynyty-czej-czykl-agresiyi-dopomagayuchy-ukrayini-peremogty/
During the day at the front there were 40 combat clashes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/protyagom-doby-na-fronti-vidbulosya-40-bojovyh-zitknen/
Residents of flooded areas of Kherson region will provide everything necessary - Ministry of Reintegration
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/meshkancziv-pidtoplenyh-rajoniv-hersonshhyny-zabezpechat-vsim-neobhidnym-minreintegracziyi/
The President of Ukraine convenes an emergency session of the NSDC because of the undermining of Kakhovka hydroelectric power station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/prezydent-ukrayiny-sklykaye-ekstrene-zasidannya-rnbo-cherez-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges/
Head of State on the undermining of the Kakhovka HPP: the largest man -made environmental catastrophe in Europe
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/glava-derzhavy-pro-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-najbilsha-rukotvorna-ekologichna-katastrofa-v-yevropi/
With the introduction of portrait examination, the defenders' identification process will accelerate - Coordination Headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/iz-vprovadzhennyam-portretnoyi-ekspertyzy-proczes-identyfikacziyi-oboroncziv-pryskorytsya-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
On June 8, there will be a roundtable "How to maintain the mental health of servicemen and the whole society"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/8-chervnya-vidbudetsya-kruglyj-stil-yak-zberegty-mentalne-zdorovya-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-i-vsogo-suspilstva/
The IAEA monitors the damage of the Kakhovsky dam and the situation around the ZPP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/magate-stezhyt-za-poshkodzhennyam-kahovskoyi-damby-ta-za-sytuacziyeyu-dovkola-zaes/
Lithuanian Defense Minister: The consequences of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power departments can be catastrophic
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/ministr-oborony-lytvy-naslidky-pidryvu-rosiyanamy-kahovskoyi-ges-mozhut-buty-katastrofichnymy/
The scale and geography of internal conflicts in Russia will only increase - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/masshtaby-ta-geografiya-vnutrishnih-konfliktiv-na-rosiyi-budut-lyshe-zbilshuvatys-gur/
Moldova organizes a few week training for Ukrainian sappers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/moldova-organizovuye-kilkatyzhnevyj-trening-dlya-ukrayinskyh-saperiv/
Pyrotechnics in the past day neutralized 6 aircraft and nearly 500 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/pirotehniky-za-mynulu-dobu-zneshkodyly-6-aviabomb-i-majzhe-500-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
The crime against humanity called Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station President of the European Parliament
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/zlochynom-proty-lyudstva-nazvala-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-prezydentka-yevroparlamentu/
In Zaporozhye, the invaders are defending, in Donetsk, they try to conduct assault actions - Valery Shershn
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/na-zaporizhzhi-okupanty-oboronyayutsya-na-donechchyni-namagayutsya-vesty-shturmovi-diyi-valerij-shershen/
Due to the undermining of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, civilians of temporarily occupied settlements of Kherson and Crimea are in a critical position - Anna Malyar -
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/cherez-pidryv-grebli-kahovskoyi-ges-myrni-zhyteli-tymchasovo-okupovanyh-hersonshhyny-ta-krymu-perebuvayut-u-krytychnomu-stanovyshhi-ganna-malyar/
Marinka became a sacred city for the plans of the enemy - Valery Shershn
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/maryinka-stala-dlya-planiv-voroga-sakralnym-mistom-valerij-shershen/
About the missing person in the area of flooding of the Kherson region, inform the Commissioner from the missing person
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/pro-znyklyh-bezvisty-v-zoni-pidtoplennya-hersonskoyi-oblasti-povidomlyajte-upovnovazhenogo-zi-znyklyh-bezvisty/
Having lost on the front, a military journalist continues service in the army
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/vtratyvshy-na-fronti-nogu-vijskovyj-zhurnalist-prodovzhuye-vijskovu-sluzhbu/
Alexei Reznikov about undermining the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station: another military crime committed by Russia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/oleksij-reznikov-pro-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-chergovyj-vijskovyj-zlochyn-skoyenyj-rosiyeyu/
The undermining of the Kakhovka reservoir dam is a terrorist attack and a war crime - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/pidryv-grebli-kahovskogo-vodoshovyshha-ye-teraktom-ta-voyennym-zlochynom-gur/
Enemy loss per day: 800 invaders were eliminated, 36 artisystems and 12 tanks were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-800-okupantiv-znyshheno-36-artsystem-i-12-tankiv/
"Moscow imperialism - in a state of strategic agony" - Petro Chernik
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/moskovskyj-imperializm-u-stani-strategichnoyi-agoniyi-petro-chernyk/
In the Black and Azov Seas, the Russians keep eight ships, notes of "calibers" no
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/u-chornomu-j-azovskomu-moryah-rosiyany-trymayut-visim-korabliv-nosiyiv-kalibriv-nemaye/
Report from the scene: Kherson, the consequences of a hydroelectric power station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/reportazh-z-misczya-podiyi-herson-naslidky-pidryvu-ges/
The officer who lost his foot on the front told about the differences of prosthetics in Ukraine and the United States
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/oficzer-shho-vtratyv-na-fronti-nogu-rozpoviv-pro-vidminnosti-protezuvannya-v-ukrayini-j-ssha/
In Kharkiv region, civilian and military journalists were encouraged
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/na-harkivshhyni-zaohotyly-czyvilnyh-i-vijskovyh-zhurnalistiv/
70 вбитих, 198 поранених та 7 полонених — таку ціну ворог заплатив за добу в боях біля Мар’їнки
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/70-vbytyh-198-poranenyh-ta-7-polonenyh-taku-czinu-vorog-zaplatyv-za-dobu-v-boyah-bilya-maryinky/
Situation in Kherson through the eyes of the ArmyInform correspondent
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/sytuacziya-v-hersoni-ochyma-korespondenta-armiyainform/
American-British prosthetists share experiences with Ukrainian specialists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/amerykano-brytanski-protezysty-dilyatsya-dosvidom-z-ukrayinskymy-fahivczyamy/
Russia should be criminally responsible for the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/rosiya-maye-ponesty-kryminalnu-vidpovidalnist-za-naslidky-pidryvu-konstrukczij-kahovskoyi-ges-prezydent/
On the occasion of the journalist's Day, the President celebrated 20 mediators with state awards. Among them is a correspondent of the Armyinform
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/z-nagody-dnya-zhurnalista-prezydent-vidznachyv-derzhavnymy-nagorodamy-20-medijnykiv-sered-nyh-korespondent-armiyainform/
About 80 settlements are in the flood zone as a result of a terrorist attack on Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/blyzko-80-naselenyh-punktiv-znahodyatsya-v-zoni-pidtoplennya-vnaslidok-teraktu-na-kahovskij-ges/
Consequences of the Russian Army of the Kakhovska Hydroelectric Power Federation: as of 4:00 pm, 1339 people were evacuated
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/naslidky-pidryvu-armiyeyu-rf-kahovskoyi-ges-stanom-na-1600-godynu-evakujovano-1-339-osib/
There were 28 fighting collisions during the day, 12 enemy attacks were reflected in Marinka area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/protyagom-doby-vidbulos-28-bojovyh-zitknen-v-rajoni-maryinky-vidbyto-12-atak-protyvnyka/
Yuri Ignat told about one hundred percent success of air defense during the reflection of another missile attack and changes in the tactics of the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/yurij-ignat-rozpoviv-pro-stovidsotkovyj-uspih-ppo-pid-chas-vidbyttya-chergovoyi-raketnoyi-ataky-ta-zminy-u-taktyczi-voroga/
Those who still have certain levers of influence on Russia can contribute to the return of Ukrainian children and the release
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/ti-hto-vse-shhe-mayut-pevni-vazheli-vplyvu-na-rosiyu-mozhut-spryyaty-povernennyu-ukrayinskyh-ditej-i-zvilnennyu-z-polonu-czyvilnyh-gromadyan-ukrayiny-volodymyr-zel/
During the day, the enemy struck 35 rocket strokes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/protyagom-doby-protyvnyk-zavdav-35-raketnyh-udariv/
“50 Patriot batteries are the goal ambitious but quite real” - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/50-batarej-patriot-cze-meta-ambitna-ale-czilkom-realna-yurij-ignat/
The 14 enemy artillery units are affected simply at fire positions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/urazheno-14-artylerijskyh-pidrozdiliv-protyvnyka-prosto-na-vognevyh-pozycziyah/
The Armed Forces team has already held a meeting in Germany for the second time
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/zbirna-zsu-zi-strilby-vzhe-vdruge-provela-zbory-u-nimechchyni/
In Khmelnitsky, volunteers received certificates from Valery Zaluzhny
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/u-hmelnyczkomu-yuni-volontery-otrymaly-gramoty-vid-valeriya-zaluzhnogo/
The Russians use a map of man -made blackmail - Natalia Humeniuk about undermining on Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/rosiyany-vykorystovuyut-kartu-tehnogennogo-shantazhu-nataliya-gumenyuk-pro-pidryv-na-kahovskij-ges/
Russia's exit from this war should not take place at the expense of Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/vyhid-rosiyi-iz-cziyeyi-vijny-ne-maye-vidbuvatysya-za-rahunok-ukrayiny-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
The President passed the Order of the Golden Star to the native heroes of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/prezydent-peredav-ordeny-zolota-zirka-ridnym-zagyblyh-geroyiv-ukrayiny/
In Kherson region, the occupiers equipped a hospital in the school premises
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/na-hersonshhyni-okupanty-obladnaly-shpytal-u-prymishhenni-shkoly/
Situation with Ammonia Release in KUD ’ Yang District After Honnera
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/sytuacziya-z-vykydom-amiaku-v-kupyanskomu-rajoni-pislya-vorozhogo-vluchannya-kontrolovana/
Ukraine will start preparing infrastructure for the F-16 after the final decision of partner countries, but there is already an understanding of what to do-Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/ukrayina-pochne-pidgotovku-infrastruktury-dlya-f-16-pislya-ostatochnogo-rishennya-krayin-partneriv-ale-vzhe-ye-rozuminnya-shho-j-de-robyty-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
The UK Ministry of Foreign Affairs visited one of the miners in the Kiev region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/glava-mzs-velykoyi-brytaniyi-vidvidav-odne-z-miscz-rozminuvan-u-kyyivskij-oblasti/
On June 6, the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation carried out seven shelling of border communities of Sumy and Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/6-chervnya-zs-rf-zdijsnyly-sim-obstriliv-prykordonnyh-gromad-sumshhyny-ta-chernigivshhyny/
Evacuated from Kherson region will receive cash assistance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/evakujovani-z-hersonshhyny-otrymayut-groshovu-dopomogu/
Created by Russian catastrophe terrorists on Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station will not stop Ukraine and Ukrainians - the appeal of Vladimir Zelensky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/stvorena-rosijskymy-terorystamy-katastrofa-na-kahovskij-ges-ne-zupynyt-ukrayinu-j-ukrayincziv-zvernennya-volodymyra-zelenskogo/
Short. War. Day 468. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/korotko-vijna-den-468-videodajdzhest/
Зеленський: Потрібна негайна й максимальна реакція світу на російський терор
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719318-zelenskij-potribna-negajna-j-maksimalna-reakcia-svitu-na-rosijskij-teror.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants will have far -reaching consequences for many people - UN Secretary -General
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719317-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-matime-dalekosazni-naslidki-dla-bagatoh-ludej-zastupnik-genseka-oon.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants will have far -reaching consequences for many people - UN Secretary -General
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719317-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-matime-dalekosazni-naslidki-dla-bagatoh-ludej-zastupnik-genseka-oon.html
Zelensky: The immediate and maximum response of the world to Russian terror is needed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719318-zelenskij-potribna-negajna-j-maksimalna-reakcia-svitu-na-rosijskij-teror.html
States in the UN reminded Russia of its obligation not to attack the dam
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719322-stati-v-oon-nagadali-rosii-pro-ii-zobovazanna-ne-atakuvati-grebli.html
The State Department voiced the message with demands on Russian authorities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719315-derzdep-ozvuciv-mesedz-iz-vimogami-do-rosijskoi-vladi.html
Винні у підриві Каховської ГЕС постануть перед Міжнародним кримінальним судом — Олексій Резніков
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/vykonavczi-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-postanut-pered-mizhnarodnym-kryminalnym-sudom-oleksij-reznikov/
The Russians caused Artudar on Kherson during the evacuation of civilians, two law enforcement officers were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/rosiyany-zavdaly-artudaru-po-hersonu-pid-chas-evakuacziyi-myrnyh-meshkancziv-poraneno-dvoh-pravoohoroncziv/
CERT-UA警告针对国家组织和乌克兰媒体的网络审查
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/cert-ua-poperedzhaye-pro-kibershpygunstvo-shhodo-derzhavnyh-organizaczij-ta-ukrayinskyh-media/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====