乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-11

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4746
Odeska Oblast(23:09). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilneodesa/23120
JSC Sivershchyna And Slobozhanshchina Directions Rusyan Army Shelled Hasichivka, Iron Bridge ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4738
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka, Bilohorivka and Vesele of Luhansk region a...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4740
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Bogdanivka, Bakhmut, Ivanovsk, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4741
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Novokalinova, Avdiivka, Pervomaisko, Neterilov A ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4742
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novomikhailivka, Vodyane, Vodane, Village, Wondering ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4744
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka and Novopil of Donetsk r...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4745
Zaporizka Oblast(09:16). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44923
Experts confirm the findings of "Wyborcza": A Russian Kh-55  rocket fell near Bydgoszcz in De...
https://twitter.com/gazeta_wyborcza/status/1656211060934713344
Transneft reported an attempted attack on the Druzhba oil pipeline system at a loading statio...
https://t.me/bbbreaking/154980
Explosion reported in Zaporizhzhia
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12762
Small arms fighting reported at the border in Schebekino, Belgorod region
https://t.me/belgorod_informant/4082
Chernihivska Oblast, Sumska Oblast(00:52). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take co...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44989
On the guard of the sky: how aircraft provides Ukraine's protection against air threats
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/na-storozhi-neba-yak-ppo-zabezpechuye-zahyst-ukrayiny-vid-povitryanyh-zagroz/
UWC launches an international student project to the 90s of the Holodomor
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/sku-zapuskaye-mizhnarodnyj-uchnivskyj-proyekt-do-90-h-rokovyn-golodomoru/
To whom with IDPs will automatically continue granting subsidies for a non -heating period
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/komu-z-vpo-avtomatychno-prodovzhat-nadannya-subsydij-na-neopalyuvalnyj-period/
Underwater drone in work
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/pidvodnyj-dron-u-roboti/
Misinformation on tot: what are the consequences and how to deal with them
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/dezinformacziya-na-tot-yaki-ye-naslidky-ta-yak-z-nymy-borotysya/
Solid Manipulation: As TG-Channel enemy leads an information war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/suczilna-manipulyacziya-yak-vorozhi-tg-kanaly-vedut-informaczijnu-vijnu/
Cleaning the Territory: Pyrotechnical Groups SESR help regain safety on Earth
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/ochyshhennya-terytoriyi-pirotehnichni-grupy-dsns-dopomagayut-povernuty-bezpeku-na-zemli/
The Government has allowed access to registers on certain parts of active fighting territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/uryad-dozvolyv-dostup-do-reyestriv-na-pevnyh-chastynah-terytorij-aktyvnyh-bojovyh-dij/
Not give the enemy chances
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/ne-daty-vorogu-shansiv/
Defenders destroyed the enemy remedy of the EW in Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/zahysnyky-znyshhyly-vorozhyj-zasib-reb-na-donechchyni/
Under unincessible shelling "White Angels" rescue wounded residents of Avdiivka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/pid-nestyhayuchymy-obstrilamy-bili-yangoly-ryatuyut-poranenyh-meshkancziv-avdiyivky/
Under unincessible shelling "White Angels" rescue wounded residents of Avdiivka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/pid-nestyhayuchymy-obstrilamy-bili-yangoly-ryatuyut-poranenyh-meshkancziv-avdiyivky/
The Ombudsman's office met with prisoners of war families
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/v-ofisi-ombudsmana-vidbulasya-zustrich-iz-chlenamy-simej-vijskovopolonenyh-118-okremoyi-brygady-tro-zsu/
Ursula von der Liaen: Our primary task - ammunition for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/ursula-fon-der-lyayen-nashe-pershochergove-zavdannya-boyeprypasy-dlya-ukrayiny/
Aviation of Defense Forces has caught 10 blows across the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-10-udariv-po-vorogu/
Promised to "evacuate" to Berdyansk at the hotel, and taken to the Rostov region in the tent
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/obiczyaly-evakuyuvaty-do-berdyanska-u-goteli-a-vyvezly-do-rostovskoyi-oblasti-u-namety/
Last day the enemy made 97 shellings from jet fire systems
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/mynuloyi-doby-vorog-zdijsnyv-97-obstriliv-z-reaktyvnyh-system-zalpovogo-vognyu/
The forces of defense over the past day eliminated nearly 700 invaders, destroyed 8 Artisystems and 18 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/syly-oborony-za-mynulu-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-700-okupantiv-znyshhyly-8-artsystem-i-18-bbm/
Preparation of the TRU Sergeants meets NATO standards by almost 80%-master-adstal Sergey Live
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/pidgotovka-serzhantiv-tro-zsu-vidpovidaye-standartam-nato-praktychno-na-80-majster-serzhant-sergij-lyevyj/
In Lithuania, large -scale international military exercises have begun NATO countries
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/u-lytvi-rozpochalysya-masshtabni-mizhnarodni-vijskovi-navchannya-krayin-nato/
The units of the Northern Operating Area transferred another batch of mobile fire groups
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/pidrozdilam-pivnichnoyi-operaczijnoyi-zony-peredaly-chergovu-partiyu-mobilnyh-vognevyh-grup/
"Support for Physical and Mental Health ’ I Defenders are our priority task" - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/pidtrymka-fizychnogo-ta-psyhichnogo-zdorovya-zahysnykiv-cze-nasha-pryoritetna-zadacha-ganna-malyar/
The projects of the All -Ukrainian Mental Health Program were considered at the meeting of the Interagency Coordination Council
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/10/sim-priorytetnyh-proyektiv-vseukrayinskoyi-programy-mentalnogo-zdorovya-rozglyanuly-na-zasidanni-mizhvidomchoyi-koordynaczijnoyi-rady/
Migrants and borders: Klimenko met with the European Commissar Johansson
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3707890-migranti-j-oblastuvanna-kordoniv-klimenko-zustrivsa-z-evrokomisarom-jogansson.html
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Bleshnya, Leonivka, Krasn...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4748
Reznikov told about a new project for training Ukrainian officers in Latvia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707939-reznikov-rozpoviv-pro-novij-proekt-iz-navcanna-ukrainskih-oficeriv-u-latvii.html
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled Mykolaivka, Krasne First, Figolivka, Novomlinsk, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4749
It takes a law enforcement system that will meet the purpose of rapid entry in the EU - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3708024-potribna-taka-sistema-pravoporadku-aka-vidpovidatime-meti-svidkogo-vstupu-u-es-zelenskij.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka, Bilohorivka and Vesele of Luhansk region a...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4750
Due to the hostile shelling in Kherson almost destroyed gymnasium
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708008-cerez-vorozij-obstril-u-hersoni-majze-znisena-gimnazia.html
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Bogdanivka, Bakhmut, Ivanovsk, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4751
The President celebrated 134 paratroopers state awards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708022-prezident-vidznaciv-derzavnimi-nagorodami-134-desantnikiv.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Berdyshi, Avdiivka, Pervomaisky Andes Neoelsk of ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4752
Energoatom is preparing to quickly change the staff of the ZPP after de -occupation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707977-energoatom-gotuetsa-svidko-zminiti-personal-zaes-pisla-deokupacii.html
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Serhiivka and Pobeda of Donetsk region, - Generator...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4753
Zelensky thanked the defenders for the work on the front
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708021-zelenskij-podakuvav-zahisnikam-za-rezultativnu-robotu-na-fronti.html
Zelensky thanked the defenders for the work on the front
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708021-zelenskij-podakuvav-zahisnikam-za-rezultativnu-robotu-na-fronti.html
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novomykhailivka, Coal, Augustrivka And Nabe ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4754
South Africa reacted to state charges for weapons supply to the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3708018-u-par-vidreaguvali-na-zvinuvacenna-stativ-sodo-postacanna-zbroi-do-rf.html
The President has approved a comprehensive strategic plan for reforming the law enforcement system
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708019-prezident-shvaliv-kompleksnij-strategicnij-plan-reformuvanna-sistemi-pravoporadku.html
Kalinina will play with Australian Open champion at WTA tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3708015-kalinina-zigrae-z-cempionkou-australian-open-na-turniri-wta-v-rimi.html
In the evening, the enemy fired at Sumy and Chernihiv border four times four times
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708009-nadvecir-vorog-cotiri-razi-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-ta-cernigivsini.html
Norway has adopted the presidency in the Russian Federation in the Arctic Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3708012-norvegia-perejnala-u-rf-golovuvanna-v-arkticnij-radi.html
Five EU countries have re -appealed to the European Commission in Ukrainian Agro -Production
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3708011-pat-krain-es-znovu-zvernulisa-do-evrokomisii-u-spravi-ukrainskoi-agroprodukcii.html
Liverpool started the Second Eurovision-2023 Sexpinal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3707994-u-liverpuli-startuvav-drugij-pivfinal-evrobacenna2023.html
The US is in support of justice and responsibility for military crimes - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3708010-ssa-vistupaut-na-pidtrimku-pravosudda-ta-vidpovidalnosti-za-voenni-zlocini-derzdep.html
During the day, the Russians made 17 shelling of border communities of Sumy region - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708007-vprodovz-dna-rosiani-zdijsnili-17-obstriliv-prikordonnih-gromad-sumsini-ova.html
There was a shooting at Mercedes in Germany, there are casualties - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3708003-na-zavodi-mercedes-u-nimeccini-stalasa-strilanina-e-zertvi-zmi.html
The New York Times called Putin "the most dangerous fool in the world"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3708005-the-new-york-times-nazvala-putina-najnebezpecnisim-durnem-u-sviti.html
China has already lost the opportunity to be a mediator in Russia's War - Borrel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3707999-kitaj-vze-vtrativ-mozlivist-buti-poserednikom-u-rozvazanij-rosieu-vijni-borrel.html
Zinchenko dropped by the end of the season due to injury - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707996-zincenko-vibuv-do-kinca-sezonu-cerez-travmu-zmi.html
WHO stated that the flash of smallpox is no longer a global emergency
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707992-vooz-zaavila-so-spalah-vispi-bilse-ne-e-globalnou-nadzvicajnou-situacieu.html
Reznikov on Storm Shadow: Cyclone moves from Britain, bringing storms with him
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707991-reznikov-pro-peredacu-storm-shadow-ciklon-ruhaetsa-z-britanii-prinosaci-z-sobou-stormi.html
Польща розслідує можливу участь Шредера у підготовці російської агресії - ЗМІ
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707986-polsa-rozslidue-mozlivu-ucast-sredera-u-pidgotovci-rosijskoi-agresii-zmi.html
In Ukraine, they exceeded the planning plan of trees under the Green Country program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707984-v-ukraini-perevikonali-plan-posadki-derev-za-programou-zelena-kraina.html
The Armed Forces destroyed the Russian shell C1 in the Bakhmut direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707983-zsu-znisili-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-rosijskij-pancir-s1.html
The Czech Republic transferred 75 generators to Dnipropetrovsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707927-cehia-peredala-75-generatoriv-dnipropetrovskij-oblasti.html
Kherson, Kherson region, Poltava region, Zaporizhzhya region (08:16). Red Alrt: Aerial dash ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45000
Sumy region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Donetsk region, Kirovohrad region, Kharkiv, ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45005
Chernihivska Oblast(08:46). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45006
8 person wounded as result of Russian shelling in Malokaterynivka village of Zaporizhzhia region
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/41602
Donetsk Oblast(09:09). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45014
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(09:43). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45016
Zaporizka Oblast(09:55). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12769
Suspected drone dropped an explosive device at Rosneft Briansknefteprodukt oil depot in Klintsy
https://t.me/bryansk_off/9401
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(10:15). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45020
Russian army conducted 1 missile strike, 45 airstrikes and over 53 shelling with MLRS, - Gene...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4747
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4756
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Novopil of Donetsk regi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4755
Donetsk Oblast(10:37). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45024
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(11:10). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24723
Russian army conducted missile strike with S-300 at Sloviansk
https://twitter.com/olehbatkovych/status/1656573810231984133
Zaporizka Oblast(11:32). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45027
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(11:33). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45028
Reconnaissance drone was shot down near Dnipro city with small arms
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/41615
CNN reporting western officials told them, the UK has supplied Ukraine with multiple Storm Sh...
https://twitter.com/GlasnostGone/status/1656597466077179904
Donetsk Oblast(13:18). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45034
2 person wounded as result of shelling in Velykyi Burluk town of Kharkiv region
https://t.me/babel/32170
Britain has supplied Storm Shadow cruise missiles to Ukraine, Ben Wallace announces. Defence ...
https://twitter.com/LOS_Fisher/status/1656626430262796291
The Kremlin: Britain's supply of long-range missiles to Ukraine requires a response from the ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/11-may-the-kremlin-britains-supply-of-longrange-missiles
The Kremlin: Britain's supply of long-range missiles to Ukraine requires a response from the ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/11-may-the-kremlin-britains-supply-of-longrange-missiles
Sumska Oblast(15:37). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45036
Sumska Oblast(15:37). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45036
Chernihivska Oblast(20:22). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18479
Russian Deputy Foreign Minister: In the event that it is impossible to reach a consensus that...
https://twitter.com/SkyNewsArabia_B/status/1656668113830834177
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(19:01). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnemykolaiv/25214
Poltavska Oblast(19:01). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/11106
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Donetsk region, Kherson, Kherson ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45045
Sumska Oblast(20:23). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45054
Wounded while hit on a mine in Rivne region tractor driver - in serious condition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707837-poranenij-pid-cas-naizdu-na-minu-na-rivnensini-traktorist-u-tazkomu-stani.html
Night Attack in Zaporozhye: There is a hit in infrastructure objects
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707827-nicna-ataka-na-zaporizzi-e-vlucanna-v-infrastrukturni-obekti.html
A memorial plaque was opened at the Askold Tomb
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3707830-na-askoldovij-mogili-vidkrili-memorialnu-dosku-zagiblomu-vijskovomu-denisu-antipovu.html
Work in the deoocred territories: Vereshchuk announced the government's resolution for personnel reserve
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3707831-robota-na-deokupovanih-teritoriah-veresuk-anonsuvala-postanovu-uradu-dla-kadrovogo-rezervu.html
The enemy strengthened the shelling of the South - a day almost one hundred beats
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707832-vorog-posiliv-obstrili-pivdna-za-dobu-majze-sto-udariv.html
In 1885 camcorder - NEBITIV in the system of "safe Kyiv region" has already integrated into the "Safe Kyiv region" system
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707833-u-sistemu-bezpecna-kiivsina-vze-integruvali-1885-videokamer-nebitov.html
The Moldova National Library opened the program of the Year of Ukrainian Culture
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3707835-u-nacionalnij-biblioteci-moldovi-vidkrilas-programa-zahodiv-roku-ukrainskoi-kulturi.html
Russia has included Arestovich in the List of Terrorists and Extremists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707838-rosia-vklucila-arestovica-do-spisku-teroristiv-i-ekstremistiv.html
ArcelorMittal in the first quarter received $ 1.1 billion in net profit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707840-arselormittal-u-i-kvartali-otrimav-11-milardi-cistogo-pributku.html
Bahrain will show the movie "My Thought Quiet"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3707843-u-bahrejni-pokazut-film-moi-dumki-tihi.html
French Foreign Minister met with a Chinese colleague - said about Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707844-glava-mzs-francii-zustrilas-z-kitajskim-kolegou-govorili-pro-ukrainu.html
The Russians hit rockets in Toretsk, six civilians were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707845-rosiani-vdarili-raketami-po-torecku-postrazdali-sestero-civilnih.html
American neurosurgeon of Ukrainian descent conducted 30 operations in Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707847-amerikanskij-nejrohirurg-ukrainskogo-pohodzenna-proviv-u-lvovi-30-operacij.html
The church community in Shpoli in Cherkasy region moved from the Moscow Patriarchate to the PCCU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707849-gromada-cerkvi-u-spoli-na-cerkasini-perejsla-z-moskovskogo-patriarhatu-do-pcu.html
Barshelboy went out to the quarterfinals of 25 thousand in Sweden
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707850-vanselbojm-vijsov-do-cvertfinalu-25tisacnika-u-svecii.html
65 street shelters were installed in Kherson region, more than 50 will be equipped by the end of June
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707851-na-hersonsini-vstanovili-65-vulicnih-ukrittiv-se-ponad-50-oblastuut-do-kinca-cervna.html
The Ukrainian-Belarusian Hub will be opened in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3707852-u-kievi-vidkriut-ukrainskobiloruskij-hab.html
Istanbul has not agreed to continue the "grain agreement", negotiations will continue
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707855-u-stambuli-zaversilisa-peregovori-sodo-zernovogo-koridoru.html
The head coach of the Polish "Rakuva" Marek Paphun can become a new head coach of Dynamo Kyiv - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707854-golovnij-trener-polskogo-rakuva-marek-papsun-moze-stati-novim-golovnim-trenerom-kiivskogo-dinamo-zmi.html
In Vinnitsa, they approved the town planning documentation of the monument dead from the rocket strike of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707858-u-vinnici-zatverdili-mistobudivnu-dokumentaciu-pamatnika-zagiblim-vid-raketnogo-udaru-rf.html
In the Bakhmut direction, 165 invaders were eliminated per day, more than 200 were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707859-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-za-dobu-likviduvali-165-zagarbnikiv-poranili-ponad-200-cerevatij.html
Police of the Kyiv region undergoes training on reflection of the probable recurrence of the Russian Federation on the region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707860-policia-kiivsini-prohodit-trenuvanna-sodo-vidbitta-imovirnogo-povtornogo-nastupu-rf-na-region.html
Lina Kostenko proposes to provide the title "Honorary Citizen of Kyiv"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3707862-lini-kostenko-proponuut-nadati-zvanna-pocesnij-gromadanin-mista-kieva.html
The Russians once again fired at the border of Sumy region and Chernihiv region - 14 hits
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707863-rosiani-vkotre-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-ta-cernigivsini-14-vlucan.html
The invaders fired at Tornado RSSV village in Kharkiv region, wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707864-rosiani-obstrilali-z-rszv-tornado-selise-na-harkivsini-e-poraneni.html
China against Taiwan's participation in WHO's work, says - "no political grounds"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707878-kitaj-proti-ucasti-tajvanu-v-roboti-vooz-kaze-nemae-politicnih-pidstav.html
In the south, the enemy in panic sprays efforts in several directions - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707865-na-pivdni-vorog-u-panici-rozporosue-zusilla-na-kilka-napramkiv-gumenuk.html
Import of Russian oil to India last year increased almost ten - BBC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707866-import-rosijskoi-nafti-v-indiu-torik-zris-majze-udesatero-bbc.html
OP told about the priority task to rebuild settlements
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3707868-v-op-rozpovili-pro-persocergove-zavdanna-dla-vidbudovi-naselenih-punktiv.html
Retail gas station networks continue to reduce prices
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707872-rozdribni-merezi-azs-prodovzuut-znizuvati-cini.html
Albania asked Poland to support Kosovo's membership in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707877-albania-poprosila-polsu-pidtrimati-clenstvo-kosova-v-nato.html
Since the beginning of the year, ARMA has searched for assets for more than ₴ 23 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707879-z-pocatku-roku-arma-rozsukalo-aktiviv-na-ponad-23-milardi.html
Strasbourg showed a stage version of the play dedicated to Vasily Slipak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3707883-u-strasburzi-pokazali-scenicnu-versiu-pesi-prisvacenoi-vasilu-slipaku.html
In OP conducted a security briefing for the Brazilian delegation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3707880-v-op-proveli-bezpekovij-brifing-dla-brazilskoi-delegacii.html
"Dryad. Forest Song ”has already collected over € 1 million in Italian rental
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3707882-mavka-lisova-pisna-vze-zibrala-ponad-1-miljon-v-italijskomu-prokati.html
One of the candidates for the post of President of Turkey left races three days before the vote
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707886-odin-iz-kandidativ-na-posadu-prezidenta-tureccini-zalisiv-peregoni-za-tri-dni-do-golosuvanna.html
Before the counter -offensive of the Armed Forces, Russians are massively deported by children - Save Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707884-pered-kontrnastupom-zsu-rosiani-masovo-deportuut-ditej-save-ukraine.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
Returning children from Russia has become much harder - Mykola Kuleba
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707887-povertati-ditej-z-rosii-stalo-nabagato-vazce-mikola-kuleba.html
Border guards knocked down four Russian drones in Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707889-prikordonniki-zbili-cotiri-rosijskih-bezpilotniki-u-bahmuti.html
Kalinina won the second round of the tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707892-kalinina-zdobula-peremogu-u-drugomu-koli-turniru-u-rimi.html
Belgorod-Dnestrovsky Port was auctioned for the third time
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707891-bilgoroddnistrovskij-port-vtrete-vistavili-na-aukcion.html
More than 21,000 Ukrainians have been involved in the Army of Restoration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3707896-do-armii-vidnovlenna-zalucili-vze-ponad-21-tisacu-ukrainciv.html
Zelensky noted awards with 134 defenders, 122 of them - posthumously
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707893-zelenskij-vidznaciv-nagorodami-134-zahisnikiv-122-iz-nih-posmertno.html
In Melitopol, a list of traitors and collaborators includes about 1000 people - mayor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707897-u-melitopoli-do-spisku-zradnikiv-ta-kolaborantiv-vhodit-blizko-1000-osib-mer.html
The IMF plans to conduct the first view of the program for Ukraine in May
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707894-mvf-planue-provesti-persij-pereglad-programi-dla-ukraini-vze-u-travni.html
The IMF plans to conduct the first view of the program for Ukraine in May
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707894-mvf-planue-provesti-persij-pereglad-programi-dla-ukraini-vze-u-travni.html
The Ukrainian Danube Recruitment has begun a reconstruction of the Fleet of the River - Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707900-ukrainske-dunajske-paroplavstvo-rozpocalo-vidnovlenna-flotu-tipu-rika-more.html
The Ukrainian Danube Recruitment has begun a reconstruction of the Fleet of the River - Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707900-ukrainske-dunajske-paroplavstvo-rozpocalo-vidnovlenna-flotu-tipu-rika-more.html
There was an explosion in the apartment in Germany, 12 people were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707901-na-zahodi-nimeccini-stavsa-vibuh-u-kvartiri-postrazdali-12-ludej.html
Special French Supporter mobilizes Ukraine's support in Japan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3707904-specposlannik-francii-mobilizue-v-aponii-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
Marchenko participated in the meeting of the G7 and the IMF financial unit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707905-marcenko-vzav-ucast-u-zustrici-finansovogo-bloku-g7-ta-mvf.html
The invaders under the pretext of "evacuation" are removed from Energodar documentation and equipment - the head of the ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707906-zagarbniki-pid-privodom-evakuacii-vivozat-z-energodara-dokumentaciu-i-obladnanna-glava-ova.html
The enemy fired at the artillery educational institution in Kherson
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707907-vorog-obstrilav-iz-artilerii-osvitnij-zaklad-u-hersoni.html
Bank's excluder will be tried for wasting ₴ 477 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707911-ekskerivnika-banku-suditimut-za-roztratu-477-miljona.html
During the I quarter of the year in Ukraine, 26 children were killed through an accident
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707912-za-i-kvartal-roku-v-ukraini-cerez-dtp-zaginuli-26-ditej.html
Levko Lukyanenko's scholarships received nine political prisoners in May
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707913-stipendii-imeni-levka-lukanenka-u-travni-otrimali-devat-politvazniv.html
The air defense forces destroyed in Kherson the Russian drone "Orlan-10"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707915-sili-ppo-znisili-na-hersonsini-rosijskij-bezpilotnik-orlan10.html
Mkip deprived the security status of two Pushkin monuments in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3707918-mkip-pozbavilo-ohoronnogo-statusu-dva-pamatniki-puskinu-u-kievi.html
Mkip deprived the security status of two Pushkin monuments in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3707918-mkip-pozbavilo-ohoronnogo-statusu-dva-pamatniki-puskinu-u-kievi.html
Barcelona women's team interrupted a historic victory series in national championships
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707917-zinoca-komanda-barseloni-perervala-istoricnu-seriu-peremog-u-nacionalnih-cempionatah.html
Barcelona women's team interrupted a historic victory series in national championships
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707917-zinoca-komanda-barseloni-perervala-istoricnu-seriu-peremog-u-nacionalnih-cempionatah.html
Gandziuk attack: The prosecutor's office asks 10 years in prison for the accused
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707923-napad-na-gandzuk-prokuratura-prosit-10-rokiv-uvaznenna-dla-obvinuvacenih.html
Stephanyshina arrived in Poland for a meeting of ministers of the Weimar Triangle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3707920-stefanisina-pribula-u-polsu-na-zustric-ministriv-krain-vejmarskogo-trikutnika.html
Duda: Many indicates that a rocket could fall near Bydgosch
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707929-duda-bagato-vkazue-na-te-so-bila-bidgosa-mogla-vpasti-raketa.html
The IMF called for all measures to continue the "grain agreement"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707926-mvf-zaklikav-vziti-vsih-zahodiv-dla-prodovzenna-zernovoi-ugodi.html
The Armed Forces shot from howitzers neutralized under Bakhmut a group of Russian military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707914-zsu-postrilom-iz-gaubici-zneskodili-pid-bahmutom-grupu-rosijskih-vijskovih.html
Poland calls Albania to support the strengthening of NATO's eastern flank
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707930-polsa-zaklikae-albaniu-pidtrimati-posilenna-shidnogo-flangu-nato.html
Shevchenko University will prepare specialists for deocal territories under two programs - Rector
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707938-universitet-sevcenka-gotuvatime-fahivciv-dla-deokupovanih-teritorij-za-dvoma-programami-rektor.html
The EU from February has handed over more than a thousand rockets to Ukraine - Borrel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707940-es-vid-lutogo-peredav-ukraini-ponad-tisacu-raket-borrel.html
Stefanchuk discussed with the European Commissioner Johansson creation of a special about a journal for Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3707945-stefancuk-obgovoriv-iz-evrokomisarom-stvorenna-spectribunalu-dla-rf.html
The IMF expects Ukraine to adoption important legislative changes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707924-mvf-ocikue-vid-ukraini-uhvalenna-vazlivih-zakonodavcih-zmin.html
Leipzig opened an exhibition about Kyiv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3707950-u-lejpcigu-vidkrilasa-vistavka-pro-kiiv.html
The Ministry of Health plans to attract about 500 civilian medical facilities to pass the VLK
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707948-u-moz-planuut-zaluciti-blizko-500-civilnih-medzakladiv-dla-prohodzenna-vlk.html
The Armed Forces struck 8 enemy control points, aircraft and two "important goals" of an enemy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707954-zsu-vrazili-visim-vorozih-punktiv-upravlinna-zasib-ppo-ta-dvi-vazlivi-cili-voroga.html
Zavatskaya will play with a cherry in the quarterfinals of ITF tournament in Trnava
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707952-zavacka-zigrae-z-ceskou-gavlickovou-u-cvertfinali-turniru-itf-u-trnavi.html
The OSCE found “creative solutions” to bypass the veto of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707958-v-obse-znajsli-kreativni-risenna-sob-obhoditi-veto-rosii.html
May 12 UPL will call the best player and trainer April
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707962-12-travna-upl-nazve-najkrasih-gravca-ta-trenera-u-kvitni.html
On December 16, Ukraine informed that a rocket is likely to fly in Poland - Blaschak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707961-ukraina-16-grudna-informuvala-so-u-napramku-polsi-jmovirno-letit-raketa-blasak.html
Artillery and attack from the drone: the enemy fired at Nikopol region five times a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707963-artileria-i-ataka-z-bezpilotnika-vorog-pat-raziv-za-den-obstrilav-nikopolsinu.html
Microsoft will freeze employees' salaries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3707935-microsoft-zamorozit-zarplati-pracivnikiv.html
The European Commissioner for Internal Affairs visited Irpin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707968-evrokomisar-z-pitan-vnutrisnih-sprav-vidvidala-irpin.html
Borrel: Completion of Russian aggression is one of my key tasks in the next 18 months
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3707966-borrel-zaversenna-agresii-rf-e-odnim-z-klucovih-moih-zavdan-u-najblizci-18-misaciv.html
Ukraine can replace the Russian Federation and Belarus in the world market of timber - OP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707965-ukraina-moze-zaminiti-rf-ta-bilorus-na-svitovomu-rinku-derevini-op.html
In Transcarpathia this year prices for early strawberries are lower than last year's
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707969-na-zakarpatti-cogoric-cini-na-rannu-polunicu-mensi-za-torisni.html
Poland has transferred 14 MiG-29 aircraft and more than 300 tanks to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707970-polsa-peredala-ukraini-vze-14-litakiv-mig29-i-ponad-300-tankiv.html
The court was taken into custody by one of the suspects of appropriation ₴ 17 million NAAS
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3707971-sud-uzav-pid-vartu-odnogo-z-pidozruvanih-u-privlasnenni-17-miljoniv-pidpriemstva-naan.html
In Kherson, the Russians fired the territory of the utility company
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707972-u-hersoni-rosiani-obstrilali-teritoriu-komunalnogo-pidpriemstva.html
In Kherson, the Russians fired the territory of the utility company
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707972-u-hersoni-rosiani-obstrilali-teritoriu-komunalnogo-pidpriemstva.html
The National Bank commented on a sharp slowdown in inflation in April
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707973-nacbank-prokomentuvav-rizke-spovilnenna-inflacii-u-kvitni.html
The National Bank commented on a sharp slowdown in inflation in April
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707973-nacbank-prokomentuvav-rizke-spovilnenna-inflacii-u-kvitni.html
In Ukraine tomorrow mainly without precipitation, day to +20 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3707885-v-ukraini-zavtra-perevazno-bez-opadiv-uden-do-20.html
In Kiev presented an exhibition about religious buildings destroyed by Russian shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3707976-u-kievi-prezentuvali-vistavku-pro-religijni-sporudi-zrujnovani-rosijskimi-obstrilami.html
The Armed Forces destroyed the Russian shell C1 in the Bakhmut direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707983-zsu-znisili-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-rosijskij-pancir-s1.html
In Ukraine, they exceeded the planning plan of trees under the Green Country program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707984-v-ukraini-perevikonali-plan-posadki-derev-za-programou-zelena-kraina.html
Poland is investigating the possible participation of Schroeder in the preparation of Russian aggression - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707986-polsa-rozslidue-mozlivu-ucast-sredera-u-pidgotovci-rosijskoi-agresii-zmi.html
Reznikov on Storm Shadow: Cyclone moves from Britain, bringing storms with him
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707991-reznikov-pro-peredacu-storm-shadow-ciklon-ruhaetsa-z-britanii-prinosaci-z-sobou-stormi.html
WHO stated that the flash of smallpox is no longer a global emergency
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707992-vooz-zaavila-so-spalah-vispi-bilse-ne-e-globalnou-nadzvicajnou-situacieu.html
Zinchenko dropped by the end of the season due to injury - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3707996-zincenko-vibuv-do-kinca-sezonu-cerez-travmu-zmi.html
China has already lost the opportunity to be a mediator in Russia's War - Borrel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3707999-kitaj-vze-vtrativ-mozlivist-buti-poserednikom-u-rozvazanij-rosieu-vijni-borrel.html
The New York Times called Putin "the most dangerous fool in the world"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3708005-the-new-york-times-nazvala-putina-najnebezpecnisim-durnem-u-sviti.html
There was a shooting at Mercedes in Germany, there are casualties - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3708003-na-zavodi-mercedes-u-nimeccini-stalasa-strilanina-e-zertvi-zmi.html
During the day, the Russians made 17 shelling of border communities of Sumy region - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708007-vprodovz-dna-rosiani-zdijsnili-17-obstriliv-prikordonnih-gromad-sumsini-ova.html
The US is in support of justice and responsibility for military crimes - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3708010-ssa-vistupaut-na-pidtrimku-pravosudda-ta-vidpovidalnosti-za-voenni-zlocini-derzdep.html
Liverpool started the Second Eurovision-2023 Sexpinal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3707994-u-liverpuli-startuvav-drugij-pivfinal-evrobacenna2023.html
Liverpool started the Second Eurovision-2023 Sexpinal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3707994-u-liverpuli-startuvav-drugij-pivfinal-evrobacenna2023.html
Five EU countries have re -appealed to the European Commission in Ukrainian Agro -Production
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3708011-pat-krain-es-znovu-zvernulisa-do-evrokomisii-u-spravi-ukrainskoi-agroprodukcii.html
Norway has adopted the presidency in the Russian Federation in the Arctic Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3708012-norvegia-perejnala-u-rf-golovuvanna-v-arkticnij-radi.html
In the evening, the enemy fired at Sumy and Chernihiv border four times four times
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708009-nadvecir-vorog-cotiri-razi-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-ta-cernigivsini.html
Kalinina will play with Australian Open champion at WTA tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3708015-kalinina-zigrae-z-cempionkou-australian-open-na-turniri-wta-v-rimi.html
The President has approved a comprehensive strategic plan for reforming the law enforcement system
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708019-prezident-shvaliv-kompleksnij-strategicnij-plan-reformuvanna-sistemi-pravoporadku.html
South Africa reacted to state charges for weapons supply to the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3708018-u-par-vidreaguvali-na-zvinuvacenna-stativ-sodo-postacanna-zbroi-do-rf.html
Zelensky thanked the defenders for the work on the front
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708021-zelenskij-podakuvav-zahisnikam-za-rezultativnu-robotu-na-fronti.html
Energoatom is preparing to quickly change the staff of the ZPP after de -occupation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3707977-energoatom-gotuetsa-svidko-zminiti-personal-zaes-pisla-deokupacii.html
The President celebrated 134 paratroopers state awards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708022-prezident-vidznaciv-derzavnimi-nagorodami-134-desantnikiv.html
Due to the hostile shelling in Kherson almost destroyed gymnasium
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708008-cerez-vorozij-obstril-u-hersoni-majze-znisena-gimnazia.html
It takes a law enforcement system that will meet the purpose of rapid entry in the EU - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3708024-potribna-taka-sistema-pravoporadku-aka-vidpovidatime-meti-svidkogo-vstupu-u-es-zelenskij.html
Reznikov told about a new project for training Ukrainian officers in Latvia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3707939-reznikov-rozpoviv-pro-novij-proekt-iz-navcanna-ukrainskih-oficeriv-u-latvii.html
NATO Military Committee confirmed the adamant support of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/vijskovyj-komitet-nato-pidtverdyv-nepohytnu-pidtrymku-ukrayiny/
The occupiers stopped paying salaries to employees of their administrations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/okupanty-prypynyly-vyplachuvaty-zarplatu-praczivnykam-svoyih-administraczij/
Braga is all "shaved", they were covered there, two survived everything - the interception of GUR MOU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/dvoye-vyzhyly-vsogo-perehoplennya-gur-mou/
The countries of the Lublin Triangle presented a joint report "Sustgration of misinformation"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/dopovid-stijkist-shhodo-dezinformacziyi/
Imagine Dragons shot a musical story about a guy from the occupied Mykolaiv region in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/imagine-dragons-znyaly-v-ukrayini-muzychnyj-film-istoriyu-hlopczya-z-okupovanoyi-mykolayivshhyny/
Irishmen began to teach Ukrainian military demining
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/irlandczi-pochaly-navchaty-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-rozminuvannya/
"Minus" 14 targets in two days: SBU showed the work of special forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/minus-14-czilej-za-dva-dni-sbu-pokazala-robotu-speczpryznachencziv/
The degradation of Russian armed forces is really unprecedented - Admiral Rob Bauer
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/degradacziya-rosijskyh-zbrojnyh-syl/
During the mandatory evacuation from dangerous areas of Kharkiv region, all children were taken out
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/nebezpechnyh-rajoniv-harkivshhyny-vyvezeno-ditej/
The invaders in the south of Ukraine are massively terminated and exported
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/okupanty-masovo-prypynyat-svoyu-diyalnist/
Defense forces destroyed 5 enemy UAVs of different types
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/syly-oborony-znyshhyly-5-vorozhyh-bpla-riznyh-typiv/
During the past day, the Russians have inflicted 45 aviation blows
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-rosiyany-zavdaly-45-aviaczijnyh-udariv/
Ukrainian defenders repelled 39 enemy attacks - the most fierce battles continue for Bakhmut and Marinka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-vidbyly-39-vorozhyh-atak-najzapeklishi-boyi-tryvayut-za-bahmut-ta-maryinku/
"Patriot cannot knock down" dagger "and Ukrainian soldiers are drug addicts" - regular fakes of Russian propaganda
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/patriot-ne-mozhe-zbyty-kyndzhal/
In Zaporozhye, the occupiers in three days took out about 300 locals
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/na-zaporizhzhi-okupanty-za-try-dni-vyvezly-blyzko-300-misczevyh-zhyteliv/
Ukrainian defenders have eliminated more than 600 invaders in the past 24 hours, destroyed 14 artistem and 12 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-mynulu-dobu-likviduvaly-ponad-600-okupantiv-znyshhyly-14-artsystem-i-12-bbm/
Under the pretext of evacuation, Russian invaders steal temporarily occupied territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/pid-pryvodom-evakuacziyi-rosijski-okupanty-obkradayut-tymchasovo-okupovani-terytoriyi/
SWIFT ResPONSE-23 with NATO allies take place in Estonia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/v-estoniyi-vidbuvayutsya-navchannya-swift-response-23-iz-soyuznykamy-po-nato/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-2/
In Zaporizhzhya, the Terrobronivtsi force the Russians to dig up and move to defense - Colonel Vladimir Martyniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/na-zaporizhzhi-teroboronivczi-zmushuyut-rosiyan-okopuvatysya-ta-perehodyty-do-oborony-polkovnyk-volodymyr-martynyuk/
Britain's statement in the OSCE: Russia must realize that it will never be able to win Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/zayava-brytaniyi-v-obsye-rosiya-maye-usvidomyty-shho-vona-nikoly-ne-zmozhe-peremogty-ukrayinu/
The President of Ukraine has formed new military administrations in a temporarily occupied part of Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/prezydent-ukrayiny-utvoryv-novi-vijskovi-administracziyi-na-tymchasovo-okupovanij-chastyni-hersonshhyny/
US Secretary of State discussed the further support of Ukraine with the President of the Euro Council
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/derzhsekretar-ssha-obgovoryv-z-prezydentom-yevrorady-podalshu-pidtrymku-ukrayiny/
During the day, rescuers went to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling almost 200 times
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-majzhe-200-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-4/
"Blood -fastened": A movie and a book about Georgians that defend Ukraine were presented in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/skripleni-krovyu-u-kyyevi-prezentuvaly-film-i-knygu-pro-gruzyniv-yaki-zahyshhayut-ukrayinu/
Improvement of the Military Medical Commissions Service: What has been implemented now
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/pokrashhennya-servisu-vijskovo-likarskyh-komisij-shho-vprovadzheno-narazi/
Situation in Kherson: Critical infrastructure under enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/sytuacziya-v-hersoni-krytychna-infrastruktura-pid-vorozhymy-obstrilamy/
Zaporizka Oblast(19:00). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45039
Last day Russian troops fired 115 settlements of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/mynuloyi-doby-rosijski-vijska-obstrilyaly-115-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny/
The Ministry of Defense presented representatives of the US Chamber of Commerce
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/minoborony-prezentuvalo-predstavnykam-amerykanskoyi-torgovelnoyi-palaty-proyekty-u-sferi-it-tehnologij-i-czyfrovizacziyi/
The US Attorney General for the first time allowed the transfer of confiscated Russian assets to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/genprokuror-ssha-vpershe-dozvolyv-peredachu-konfiskovanyh-rosijskyh-aktyviv-ukrayini/
No occupier will be able to hide from punishment even in Russian swamps - Andrei Kostin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/andrij-kostin-kozhen-zlochyn-maye-imya-prizvyshhe-ta-oblychchya/
During the day of the Pyrotechnics of the SESS neutralized nearly 300 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-majzhe-300-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-3/
The traitor who "cited" the Russian rocket on a multi -storey building in Nikolaev is shouted
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/vykryto-zradnyka-yakyj-naviv-rosijsku-raketu-na-bagatopoverhivku-v-mykolayevi/
Russia has reduced the number of rocket carriers in the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/rosiya-zmenshyla-kilkist-raketonosiyiv-u-chornomu-mori-2/
More than three thousand employees from ZPP plan to "evacuate" Russian invaders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/ponad-try-tysyachi-praczivnykiv-iz-zaes-planuyut-evakuyuvaty-rosijski-okupanty/
Canadian and Latvian servicemen will train Ukrainian junior officers in Latvia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/kanadski-ta-latvijski-vijskovosluzhbovczi-navchatymut-ukrayinskyh-molodshyh-oficzeriv-u-latviyi/
The analysis of the work indicates the need to improve the system of psychological work in the troops - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/analiz-provedenoyi-roboty-vkazuye-na-neobhidnist-udoskonalennya-systemy-psyhologichnoyi-roboty-u-vijskah-oleksij-reznikov/
Russian troops fired at the border of Chernihiv and Sumy region three times
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/rosijski-vijska-3-razy-obstrilyaly-prykordonnya-chernigivshhyny-ta-sumshhyny/
The likelihood of subsequent enemy rocket launchers and air strikes in Ukrainian settlements is quite high - Valery Shershen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/imovirnist-nastupnyh-vorozhyh-raketnyh-ta-aviaudariv-po-ukrayinskyh-naselenyh-punktah-dosyt-vysoka-valerij-shershen/
The world should seek justice to see peace fully protected - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/svit-maye-shukaty-spravedlyvosti-shhob-pobachyty-myr-povnistyu-zahyshhenym-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Two medals won army athletes at the World Cup in Ball Firing Cup
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/dvi-medali-zdobuly-armijski-sportsmeny-na-etapi-kubka-svitu-z-kulovoyi-strilby/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: nearly 86 thousand war crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-majzhe-86-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
Unique medical equipment from Canadian partners arrived in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/v-ukrayinu-prybulo-unikalne-medychne-obladnannya-vid-kanadskyh-partneriv/
In Vinnytsia region, 25 hectares of illegally removed land are returned to the Ministry of Defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/na-vinnychchyni-do-upravlinnya-minoborony-povertayetsya-25-ga-nezakonno-vyluchenoyi-zemli/
Spring Storm-23 will take place in Estonia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/v-estoniyi-vidbudutsya-masshtabni-vijskovi-navchannya-spring-storm-23/
Ukraine is ready to give more to the Russian Federation more bodies of occupiers to pick up our fallen defenses - the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/ukrayina-gotova-viddavaty-rf-bilshe-til-okupantiv-aby-zabraty-nashyh-poleglyh-oboroncziv-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
Ukrainian recruits receive from Swedish instructors the skills of installing engineering obstacles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/ukrayinski-novobranczi-otrymuyut-vid-shvedskyh-instruktoriv-navychky-vstanovlennya-inzhenernyh-pereshkod/
NATO's defensive heads have testified to Ukraine's further support
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/kerivnyky-oboronnyh-vidomstv-nato-zasvidchyly-podalshu-pidtrymku-ukrayiny/
The World Congress of Ukrainians has secured 50 trucks for terrobouron
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/svitovyj-kongres-ukrayincziv-zabezpechyv-vidnovlennya-50-vantazhivok-dlya-teroboronivcziv/
SCO command reports the destruction of enemy patrol
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/komanduvannya-sso-povidomlyaye-pro-znyshhennya-vorozhogo-patrulya/
乌克兰总统死后授予149名乌克兰捍卫者
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/prezydent-ukrayiny-nagorodyv-posmertno-149-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv/
Президент України нагородив посмертно 149 українських захисників
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/prezydent-ukrayiny-nagorodyv-posmertno-149-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv/
Four field warehouses with Rosarmia ammunition-Sergey Cherevaty were destroyed in the estuary
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/na-lymansko-kupyanskomu-napryamku-znyshheno-chotyry-polovyh-sklady-z-boyeprypasamy-rosarmiyi-sergij-cherevatyj/
A large -scale research project is being implemented in the Kharkiv region.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/u-harkivskij-oblasti-realizovuyetsya-masshtabnyj-doslidnyczkyj-proyekt-z-fiksacziyi-shkody-pryrodi/
We started working on the formation of a personnel reserve in the de -industrial territories - Irina Vereshchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/my-pochaly-robotu-nad-formuvannyam-kadrovogo-rezervu-na-deokupovanyh-terytoriyah-iryna-vereshhuk/
To Mother's Day everyone can give flowers to moms of dead defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/do-dnya-materi-kozhen-zmozhe-podaruvaty-kvity-mamam-zagyblyh-zahysnykiv/
The panic of the Russians is gradually growing because they do not know what direction to wait for our offensive - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/panika-rosiyan-postupovo-zrostaye-bo-vony-ne-znayut-z-yakogo-napryamku-chekaty-na-nash-nastup-nataliya-gumenyuk/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 13 strokes in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-13-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
In Donetsk, the most fierce battles continue for Bakhmut and Marinka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/na-donechchyni-najzapeklishi-boyi-tryvayut-za-bahmut-ta-maryinku/
Volodymyr Zelensky discussed with Advisor to the President of Brazil
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/volodymyr-zelenskyj-obgovoryv-z-radnykom-prezydenta-brazyliyi-mozhlyvist-samitu-ukrayina-latynska-ameryka/
Seven Projects to Restore Mental Health of Ukrainians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/sim-proyektiv-z-vidnovlennya-mentalnogo-zdorovya-ukrayincziv/
Our defenders have knocked down enemy Ragone "Orlan-10"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/nashi-zahysnyky-zbyly-vorozhyj-bezpilotnyk-orlan-10/
The two officers of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation, who were tortured by a civilian resident of Kyiv region, were reported
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-dvom-oficzeram-zs-rf-yaki-katuvaly-myrnogo-meshkanczya-kyyivshhyny/
SCO commander checked the preparation of subordinate parts
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/komanduvach-sso-pereviryv-pidgotovku-pidporyadkovanyh-chastyn/
In the Poltava region, deals were exposed that were supplied to the Russian Federation of special equipment for the production of SCRC C-300
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/na-poltavshhyni-vykryly-dilkiv-yaki-postachaly-do-rf-speczobladnannya-dlya-vyrobnycztva-zrk-s-300/
A comprehensive strategic plan for reforming the law enforcement system is approved - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/shvaleno-kompleksnyj-strategichnyj-plan-reformuvannya-systemy-pravoporyadku-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Four enemy associates in Kherson and Izium are exposed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/vykryto-chotyroh-vorozhyh-poplichnykiv-u-hersoni-ta-izyumi/
Short. War. Day 442. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/korotko-vijna-den-442-videodajdzhest/
Musk found the CEO for Twitter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3708032-mask-znajsov-generalnogo-direktora-dla-tvittera.html
Podolyak told what conditions the exchange of Boguslaev for
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3708031-podolak-rozpoviv-za-akij-umov-mozlivij-obmin-boguslaeva-do-rosii.html
"West Hem" and "Basel" won the first matches of 1/2 finals of the UEFA Conference League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3708030-vest-gem-i-bazel-vigrali-persi-matci-12-finalu-ligi-konferencij-uefa.html
Taiwan started military training reserves
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707784-tajvan-rozpocav-vijskovu-pidgotovku-rezervistok.html
Eurovision-2023: A second ten finalists have been determined
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3708029-evrobacenna2023-viznacilasa-druga-desatka-finalistiv.html
UEFA Europa League: Juventus Avoid the defeat of Seville, Roma overcame Bayer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3708028-liga-evropi-uefa-uventus-unik-porazki-vid-sevili-roma-zdolala-baer.html
UEFA Europa League: Juventus Avoid the defeat of Seville, Roma overcame Bayer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3708028-liga-evropi-uefa-uventus-unik-porazki-vid-sevili-roma-zdolala-baer.html
Eurovision-2023: A second ten finalists have been determined
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3708029-evrobacenna2023-viznacilasa-druga-desatka-finalistiv.html
Taiwan started military training reserves
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3707784-tajvan-rozpocav-vijskovu-pidgotovku-rezervistok.html
"West Hem" and "Basel" won the first matches of 1/2 finals of the UEFA Conference League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3708030-vest-gem-i-bazel-vigrali-persi-matci-12-finalu-ligi-konferencij-uefa.html
"West Hem" and "Basel" won the first matches of 1/2 finals of the UEFA Conference League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3708030-vest-gem-i-bazel-vigrali-persi-matci-12-finalu-ligi-konferencij-uefa.html
Podolyak told what conditions the exchange of Boguslaev for
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3708031-podolak-rozpoviv-za-akij-umov-mozlivij-obmin-boguslaeva-do-rosii.html
Musk found the CEO for Twitter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3708032-mask-znajsov-generalnogo-direktora-dla-tvittera.html
Musk found the CEO for Twitter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3708032-mask-znajsov-generalnogo-direktora-dla-tvittera.html
Has a leadership position during the occupation of Kharkiv region - law enforcement officers exposed a local resident
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/obijnyala-kerivnu-posadu-pid-chas-okupacziyi-harkivshhyny-pravoohoronczi-vykryly-misczevu-zhytelku/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====