乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-04-06

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Masutivka, Kupyansk, Kamyanka and Pershotravneve o...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4415
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Stelmakhivka, Torske, Siversk, Rozdolivka and Spirne ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4416
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Minkivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarkov ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4417
At Avdiyivka and Maryinka directions Russian army shelled Novobakhmutivka, Novokalynove, Avdi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4418
JSC Shaktarske Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vage, Novomikhailivka, Villagledar, Wondering ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4419
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Novodanylivka, Orikhiv, Scherbaky...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4420
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4421
Donetsk region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region (19:50). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding ....
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42648
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(21:02). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42653
Donetsk Oblast(00:51). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42655
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(00:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/23635
Zaporizhzhya region, Kherson, Kherson region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region (00:59). Red Aller ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42659
Donetsk Oblast(03:35). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42665
The ship grouping in the Black Sea is increased - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/korabelne-ugrupovuvannya-voroga-u-chornomu-mori-zbilsheno-nataliya-gumenyuk/
Russian fakes last day - the center of counteraction to misinformation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/rosijski-fejky-mynuloyi-doby-czentr-protydiyi-dezinformacziyi/
Three Russian soldiers who raped a young girl during the occupation of Kharkiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/identyfikovano-troh-rosijskyh-vijskovyh-yaki-pid-chas-okupacziyi-harkivshhyny-zgvaltuvaly-molodu-divchynu/
Cannot be the norm of wars such as Russia is leading against Ukraine - the presidential speech at a joint meeting of the Senate and the House of Deputies of the National Congress of Chile
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/ne-mozhut-buty-normoyu-taki-vijny-yak-zaraz-vede-rosiya-proty-ukrayiny-vystup-prezydenta-na-spilnomu-zasidanni-senatu-j-palaty-deputativ-naczionalnogo-kongresu-chyl/
The full range of humanitarian demining works in Ukraine is estimated at $ 37.4 billion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/povnyj-kompleks-robit-iz-gumanitarnogo-rozminuvannya-v-ukrayini-oczinyuyetsya-v-374-mlrd-dolariv/
In the Donetsk region in 21 settlements, forced evacuation of children - Irina Vereshchuk was announced
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/na-donechchyni-u-21-naselenomu-punkti-ogolosheno-prymusovu-evakuacziyu-ditej-iryna-vereshhuk/
Ministry of Veterans received 15,000 applications for payment of financial assistance from the Red Cross of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/minveteraniv-otrymalo-15-tysyach-zayav-na-vyplatu-groshovoyi-dopomogy-vid-chervonogo-hresta-ukrayiny/
Increase cybersecurity: the government has approved the cyberattack response mechanism
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/posylyuyemo-kiberbezpeku-uryad-zatverdyv-mehanizm-reaguvannya-na-kiberataky/
There was a combat coordination of units of Donetsk separate territorial defense forces (video)
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/vidbulosya-bojove-zlagodzhennya-pidrozdiliv-doneczkoyi-okremoyi-brygady-syl-terytorialnoyi-oborony-video/
The Ukrainian delegation at the 67th session of the United Nations Commission from the situation of women became the "voice of truth" about the crimes of Russia-Olga Stephanishin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/ukrayinska-delegacziya-na-67-j-sesiyi-komisiyi-oon-zi-stanovyshha-zhinok-stala-golosom-pravdy-pro-zlochyny-rosiyi-olga-stefanishyna/
Defense forces repelled about 30 enemy attacks in the Bogdanivka area in Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/syly-oborony-vidbyly-blyzko-30-atak-protyvnyka-v-rajoni-bogdanivky-shho-na-donechchyni/
Our defenders have destroyed 14 hostile UAVs of the Shahaned-136
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/nashi-zahysnyky-znyshhyly-14-vorozhyh-bpla-typu-shahed-136/
Aviation of Defense Forces has struck 9 beats in the areas of focus of the occupiers and shot down the high -precision UAV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-9-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv-ta-zbyla-vysokotochnyj-bpla-typu-kub/
The occupiers are distributed to the local population for their evacuation to the Russian population to the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/na-tot-okupanty-rozpovsyudzhuyut-sered-misczevogo-naselennya-lystivky-shhodo-yih-evakuacziyi-do-rf/
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated more than 500 invaders, destroyed 2 tanks and 6 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-ponad-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-2-tanky-i-6-bbm/
Pentagon's press service posted a photo of military assistance from a new package
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/pressluzhba-pentagonu-opublikuvala-foto-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-z-novogo-paketu/
Dmytro Kuleba discussed with a Spanish colleague accelerating the supplies of ammunition to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/dmytro-kuleba-obgovoryv-z-ispanskym-kolegoyu-pryskorennya-postavok-boyeprypasiv-v-ukrayinu/
April 6 will be briefing on the directions of development of civil-military cooperation of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/6-kvitnya-vidbudetsya-bryfing-shhodo-napryamiv-rozvytku-czyvilno-vijskovogo-spivrobitnycztva-zsu/
The Ukrainian military participated in the NATO Cimic Course
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/05/ukrayinski-vijskovi-vzyaly-uchast-v-navchalnomu-kursi-cimic-nato/
Tsigankov receives one of the largest salaries in Gironi
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692565-cigankov-otrimue-odnu-z-najbils-velikih-zarplat-u-zironi.html
Armenia will take part in NATO military exercises
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692667-virmenia-vizme-ucast-u-vijskovih-navcannah-nato.html
Samp-T-T has been launched in Slovakia in Slovakia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692665-u-slovaccini-rozgornuli-kompleks-protipovitranoi-oboroni-sampt.html
Israel declares a rocket attack by Lebanon, Netanyhah convened a meeting with the military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692520-izrail-zaavlae-pro-raketnij-obstril-z-boku-livanu-netanahu-sklikav-naradu-z-vijskovimi.html
At Caurus Directory Russia Army Shellle Topoli, Fholiva, Yard, Masutiva, Buynsk, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4423
The World Bank predicts the positive growth of Ukraine's GDP this year against the background of war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692505-svitovij-bank-prognozue-pozitivne-zrostanna-vvp-ukraini-cogoric-na-tli-vijni.html
In France, over half a million people are again protesting against pension reform
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692663-u-francii-ponad-piv-miljona-ludej-znovu-protestuut-proti-pensijnoi-reformi.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka, Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4424
Lithuania will support Ukraine's membership in the EU and NATO until its entry - Landsbergis
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692662-litva-pidtrimuvatime-clenstvo-ukraini-v-es-i-nato-az-do-ii-vstupu-landsbergis.html
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Minkivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarkov ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4425
"Motor" gave way to Bitighaim in the match of the Second German Bundesliga
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692661-motor-postupivsa-bitighajmu-u-matci-drugoi-nimeckoi-bundesligi.html
JSC Avdiivka And Marinka Directiones Ruscian of the Army Shelled Novokalin, Berdyshi, Lastochkin ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4426
JSC Shaktarske Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Novomikhailivka, Coal, Augustiva Andii.
https://t.me/lumsrc/4427
The President noted the units of defense forces that are bringing the victory of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692654-zelenskij-vidznaciv-pidrozdili-sil-oboroni-aki-nablizaut-peremogu-ukraini.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka and Novopil of Donetsk r...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4428
Ukrainian grain will be transported through Poland without unloading - a spokesman for the RP Government
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692656-ukrainske-zbizza-perevozitimut-cerez-polsu-bez-rozvantazenna-recnik-uradu-rp.html
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4429
An exhibition of Ukrainian avant -garde art opened at the Main Art Museum of Estonia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3692653-u-golovnomu-hudoznomu-muzei-estonii-vidkrilasa-vistavka-ukrainskogo-avangardnogo-mistectva.html
The Head of State held a meeting on the security situation and the work of law enforcement agencies
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692659-glava-derzavi-proviv-naradu-sodo-bezpekovoi-situacii-ta-roboti-pravoohoronnih-organiv.html
Vernyaev: In a month or two I will be able to return to the mode of full training
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692650-vernaev-za-misacdva-zmozu-povernutisa-do-rezimu-povnih-trenuvan.html
Duda appointed a new minister of agriculture against the background of problems with Ukrainian grain in Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692648-duda-priznaciv-novogo-ministra-silskogo-gospodarstva-na-tli-problem-z-ukrainskim-zbizzam-u-polsi.html
The invaders in the evening fired the border of Chernihiv region from mortars and artillery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692651-zagarbniki-uveceri-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini-z-minometiv-ta-artilerii.html
Patriarch Cyril appointed the chief priest in the area of "special operation"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692647-patriarh-kiril-priznaciv-golovnogo-svasennika-u-zoni-specoperacii.html
Zelensky told about a visit to Poland: he became truly meaningful
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692655-zelenskij-rozpoviv-pro-vizit-do-polsi-vin-stav-spravdi-zmistovnim.html
The Russians during the day fired six communities of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692642-rosiani-protagom-dobi-obstrilali-sist-gromad-sumsini.html
Many UOC -MP representatives cooperate with the FSB of the Russian Federation - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692646-bagato-predstavnikiv-upc-mp-spivpracuut-z-fsb-rf-danilov.html
Despite the rains and wet snow to Ukraine a little returning heat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692497-popri-dosi-i-mokrij-snig-v-ukrainu-potrohu-povertaetsa-teplo.html
There were several explosions in Melitopol region - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692640-na-melitopolsini-prolunalo-kilka-vibuhiv.html
Ukraine's women's national team won Estonia on Hockey World Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692643-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-peremogla-estoniu-na-cs-z-hokeu.html
Support for China of the Russian War: State Department declares a common position of the US and France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692639-pidtrimka-kitaem-rosijskoi-vijni-derzdep-zaavlae-pro-spilnu-poziciu-ssa-i-francii.html
The involvement of Russians and Belarus in sports does not contribute to peace and development - Yermak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692635-ucast-rosian-ta-bilorusiv-u-sportivnih-zmagannah-ne-spriae-miru-ta-rozvitku-ermak.html
The enemy from heavy artillery fired at Nikopol region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692630-vorog-z-vazkoi-artilerii-obstrilav-nikopolsinu.html
Radio Beam Renewed Broadcasting in Izium
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692632-radio-promin-ponovilo-movlenna-v-izumi.html
Gur announces the Russians "a lot of interesting" in the air, on earth and water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692631-gur-anonsue-rosianam-bagato-cikavogo-u-povitri-na-zemli-j-vodi.html
The forces of defense flashed the enemy on the Kinburn Spit - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692627-sili-oboroni-potisnili-voroga-na-kinburnskij-kosi-gumenuk.html
Last year, the NBU electronic payments have passed more than ₴ 100 billion within Ukraine last year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692625-cerez-sistemu-elektronnih-plateziv-nbu-torik-projslo-ponad-100-milardiv-u-mezah-ukraini.html
The exhibition of Ivan Marchuk's works will be held in Vienna
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3692623-u-vidni-projde-vistavka-tvoriv-ivana-marcuka.html
The Russians fired Sumy region border - 11 beats in twenty minutes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692621-rosiani-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-11-udariv-za-dvadcat-hvilin.html
China has to make the choice of war in Ukraine - Podolyak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692620-kitaj-mae-zrobiti-vibir-u-pitanni-vijni-v-ukraini-podolak.html
Danilov - about Bakhmut: If we start surrendering everything, we will come to the borders in Western Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692584-danilov-pro-bahmut-akso-pocnemo-vse-zdavati-dokotimosa-do-kordoniv-na-zahidnij-ukraini.html
Explosions were reported at Russian base in Melitopol overnight
https://t.me/Tsaplienko/29349
Donetsk Oblast(08:55). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42667
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(08:58). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42668
1 person killed, another wounded in Zapesochye village of Pogarsk district of Kursk region as...
https://t.me/breakingmash/43018
Nikolaev, Mykolaiv region, Kherson, Kherson region (09:17). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. WITH...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42670
Macron says 'counting' on Xi to 'bring Russia to its senses'
https://twitter.com/AFP/status/1643894173265739776
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Turya, Leonivka, Pechenuh...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4422
Russian border guards report foiling infiltration attempt of saboteur group near Sluchovsk vi...
https://t.me/bbbreaking/152351
Russia reportedly moving all 3 Mig-31K from Belarus back to Russia
https://t.me/Hajun_BY/6668
Zaporizka Oblast(14:01). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42679
French diplomatic source: Macron urged Xi not to provide arms to Russia, Xi said it was not h...
https://twitter.com/PriapusIQ/status/1643950809430867969
Chernihivska Oblast(14:27). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42680
Air defense shot down a drone in Belgorod region, - according to local authorities
https://t.me/rusbrief/106890
Zaporizka Oblast(15:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42683
Donetsk Oblast(15:30). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42684
4 person killed in shelling in Kalininsky district of Donetsk
https://t.me/rian_ru/199168
Damage in Kalininsky district of Donetsk as result of shelling
https://t.me/itsdonetsk/66964
Sumska Oblast, Chernihivska Oblast(17:44). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take co...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42690
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(18:46). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42693
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(19:22). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/23657
Turkey has completed the installation of the gas pipeline in the Black Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692475-tureccina-zaversila-montaz-gazoprovodu-v-cornomu-mori.html
The master class in Easter eggs took place in the Cyprus city of Paphos
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3692354-majsterklas-z-pisankarstva-vidbuvsa-u-kiprskomu-misti-pafos.html
Case of Service apartment: WAKS justified the Experience of the Accounting Chamber, SAP is preparing an appeal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692478-vaks-vipravdav-eksgolovu-rahunkovoi-palati-u-spravi-pro-zavolodinna-derzmajnom-sap-gotue-apelaciu.html
The educational bodies of the Russian Federation are accomplices of abduction of Ukrainian children - experts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692479-osvitni-organi-rosijskoi-federacii-e-spivucasnikami-vikradenna-ukrainskih-ditej-eksperti.html
In Ukraine is considered missing 381 children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692484-v-ukraini-vvazaetsa-zniklou-bezvisti-381-ditina.html
Donetsk Oblast(21:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42698
More than 750 cemeteries were banned in Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692487-na-harkivsini-zaboronili-vidviduvati-ponad-750-kladovis.html
More than 350 protective structures were prepared in Zaporozhye - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692488-na-zaporizzi-pidgotuvali-ponad-350-zahisnih-sporud-ova.html
Berlin, Prague and Tokyo recognized the best cities in the quality of public transport
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692498-berlin-pragu-i-tokio-viznali-najkrasimi-u-sviti-mistami-za-akistu-gromadskogo-transportu.html
To understand the impact of stress on the body created a special video - Zelensk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692490-dla-rozuminna-vplivu-stresu-na-organizm-stvorili-specialnij-videorolik-zelenska.html
"Depends on the behavior of the terrorist country": Danilov told about the Crimean de-occupation options
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3692496-zalezit-vid-povedinki-krainiterorista-danilov-rozpoviv-pro-varianti-deokupacii-krimu.html
The SBU detained Russian agitators who called for the seizure of power in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692494-sbu-zatrimala-rosijskih-agitatoriv-aki-zaklikali-do-zahoplenna-vladi-v-ukraini.html
Google plans to add artificial intelligence dialog features to the search engine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3692501-google-planue-dodati-dialogovi-funkcii-stucnogo-intelektu-do-posukovoi-sistemi.html
UNICEF handed over 70 cars for doctors to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692499-unisef-peredav-ukraini-70-medicnih-avtomobiliv.html
Russia's accusation against Portugal on illegal removal of children is a provocation - Vice president of UWC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3692492-diaspora-vidreaguvala-na-zvinuvacenna-rosii-na-adresu-portugalii-sodo-nezakonnogo-vilucenna-ditej.html
On Sunday Sunday, Epiphanius will hold worship in the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692502-u-verbnu-nedilu-epifanij-provede-bogosluzinna-u-kievopecerskij-lavri.html
The court sent the suspect in Ostap Stupka's road accident under the night arrest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3692507-sud-vidpraviv-pidozruvanogo-u-skoenni-dtp-ostapa-stupku-pid-nicnij-domasnij-arest.html
The course on the history of Crimea for civil servants opened registration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3692503-na-kurs-pro-istoriu-krimu-dla-derzsluzbovciv-vidkrili-reestraciu.html
Big fire reported in Perove village near Simferopol
https://t.me/channel24_ua/83691
Orban wants to continue his extraordinary powers because of the Russian War in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692504-orban-hoce-prodovziti-svoi-nadzvicajni-povnovazenna-cerez-vijnu-rf-v-ukraini.html
Lempard became Acting Chelsea's head coach
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692508-lempard-stav-vo-golovnogo-trenera-celsi.html
Russia will try to eliminate Zelensky politically - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692514-rosia-namagatimetsa-likviduvati-zelenskogo-politicno-danilov.html
Turkey imports from the Russian Federation diesel, which because of sanctions cannot buy Europe - Bloomberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692510-tureccina-importue-z-rf-dizel-akij-cerez-sankcii-ne-moze-kupiti-evropa-bloomberg.html
Cherkasy TPP from April 9 has stopped work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692509-cerkaska-tec-iz-9-kvitna-prizupinae-robotu.html
Regional veteran development centers will be facilitated by the reintegration of Ukrainian defenders - Laputin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692511-regionalni-centri-veteranskogo-rozvitku-spriatimut-reintegracii-ukrainskih-zahisnikiv-laputina.html
The Hockey Federation of Ukraine won the court on deprivation of corporate rights in UHL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692512-federacia-hokeu-ukraini-vigrala-sud-sodo-pozbavlenna-korporativnih-prav-v-uhl.html
Danilov - about the placement of nuclear weapons in Belarus: we do not see the adequate response of the world to such intentions of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692513-danilov-pro-rozmisenna-adernoi-zbroi-u-bilorusi-ne-bacimo-adekvatnoi-reakcii-svitu-na-taki-namiri-rf.html
The President of the European Commission called on China to promote the establishment of just peace in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692515-prezidentka-evrokomisii-zaklikala-kitaj-spriati-vstanovlennu-spravedlivogo-miru-v-ukraini.html
In Sumy region, about a third of 5,000 -destroyed objects were restored for a year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3692517-na-sumsini-za-rik-vidnovili-blizko-tretini-iz-5000-zrujnovanih-rosieu-obektiv.html
83 criminal cases have been initiated this year on animal cruelty
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692518-v-ukraini-cogoric-zareestruvali-83-kriminalni-spravi-sodo-zorstokogo-povodzenna-z-tvarinami.html
Ukraine has launched an app to help children search and families reunification
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692524-v-ukraini-zapustili-dodatok-dla-dopomogi-u-posuku-ditej-i-vozzednanna-rodin.html
Ukrzaliznytsia has completed a European Central Central Test Flight from Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692522-ukrzaliznica-zaversila-testovij-rejs-evrokolieu-iz-polsi.html
The Russian Federation has partially changed the plans for the State Air in Moldova - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692525-rf-castkovo-zminila-plani-sodo-derzperevorotu-v-moldovi-danilov.html
Shmigal calls local authorities to offer the projects of restoring destroyed objects
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3692528-smigal-proviv-naradu-z-kerivnikami-cotiroh-oblastej-sodo-vidbudovi.html
The premiere screening of the movie "Luxembourg, Luxembourg" in Kharkiv region has collected ₴ 68 thousand for the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3692530-premernij-pokaz-filmu-luksemburg-luksemburg-na-harkivsini-zibrav-68-tisac-dla-zsu.html
In Japan, a military helicopter has disappeared with 10 crew members
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692531-u-aponii-znik-bezvisti-vijskovij-gelikopter-z-10-clenami-ekipazu.html
The number of missiles in Russia has decreased to the most critical level - the Secretary of the NSDC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692535-kilkist-raket-u-rosii-znizilas-do-maksimalno-kriticnogo-rivna-sekretar-rnbo.html
Xi is ready to negotiate with Zelensky when there is a good time - von der Lyen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692536-si-gotovij-do-peregovoriv-iz-zelenskim-koli-budut-stvoreni-virni-umovi-fon-der-laen.html
In Odessa, a woman who "poured" into the social network was detained in the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692541-v-odesi-zatrimali-zinku-aka-zlivala-u-socmerezu-dislokaciu-zsu.html
Danilov is sure that the war is sure to end Ukraine's victory
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692542-danilov-vpevnenij-so-vijna-obovazkovo-zakincitsa-peremogou-ukraini.html
On the Walk of Glory in Hollywood, stars dedicated to Ukrainian animals on the verge of extinction were placed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692547-na-alei-slavi-u-gollivudi-rozmistili-zirki-prisvaceni-ukrainskim-tvarinam-na-mezi-zniknenna.html
Three Military Russian and Lieutenant Colonel will judge the torture of Bucha's residents
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692543-troh-vijskovih-rf-i-pidpolkovnika-suditimut-za-katuvanna-ziteliv-buci.html
Macron and Xi agreed to "hard work" to speed up the end of the war - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692545-makron-ta-si-domovilisa-napoleglivo-pracuvati-sob-priskoriti-zakincenna-vijni-zmi.html
April snowfall: As on Bukovina clearing roads
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692546-kvitnevij-snigopad-ak-na-bukovini-rozcisaut-dorogi.html
The World Bank has improved expectations for the economies of Europe and Central Asia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692548-svitovij-bank-pokrasiv-ocikuvanna-dla-ekonomik-evropi-j-centralnoi-azii.html
Singing Russian diesel to Singapore reached a record mark
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692550-postacanna-rosijskogo-dizpaliva-do-singapuru-sagnulo-rekordnoi-poznacki.html
"Collect thoughts": Danilov on work on the Crimean Deoccupation Strategy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3692534-zbiraemo-dumki-danilov-pro-robotu-nad-strategieu-deokupacii-krimu.html
4.8 million domestic displaced persons have been registered in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692551-v-ukraini-zareestruvali-48-miljona-vnutrisnih-pereselenciv.html
In London presents the world's largest picture created with Lego
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3692552-u-londoni-prezentuut-najbilsu-v-sviti-kartinu-stvorenu-z-lego.html
Almost 400 kilometers of high -voltage lines damaged by Russian attacks were restored in the east
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692569-na-shodi-vidnovili-majze-400-kilometriv-visokovoltnih-linij-poskodzenih-atakami-rf-ukrenergo.html
The Russians fired Guliaypole and Orichs in Zaporozhye, there is a destruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692555-rosiani-obstrilali-gulajpole-ta-orihiv-na-zaporizzi-e-rujnuvanna.html
Part of the spies with the UOC MP was exchanged for Ukrainian prisoners - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692556-castinu-spiguniv-z-upc-mp-obminali-na-ukrainskih-branciv-danilov.html
Breakthrough of the Dam to Kramatorsk: For the affected housing people will receive up to ₴ 30,000 assistance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692561-proriv-dambi-u-kramatorsku-za-postrazdale-zitlo-ludi-otrimaut-do-30-tisac-dopomogi.html
In Liverpool before Eurovision-2023 will take place Eurofestival
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3692562-u-liverpuli-pered-evrobacennam2023-prohoditime-eurofestival.html
Nuclear threat: von der Liaien called China "friendly" to influence Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692563-aderna-zagroza-fon-der-laen-zaklikala-kitaj-podruznomu-vplinuti-na-rosiu.html
The Government in the 1st quarter directed 117.3 billion on social payments - the Ministry of Finance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692567-urad-u-i-kvartali-spramuvav-na-socviplati-1173-milarda-minfin.html
In Odessa, a systematic bribery will be judged by an official from the Ministry of Justice
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692568-v-odesi-za-sistematicne-habarnictvo-suditimut-posadovca-z-minustu.html
Bulgaria was fined Russian Lukoil for € 100 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692570-u-bolgarii-ostrafuvali-rosijskij-lukojl-na-100-miljoniv.html
In the Dnieper detained the priest of the UOC -MP, who corrupted his native daughters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692571-u-dnipri-zatrimali-svasenika-upc-mp-akij-rozbesuvav-ridnih-donok.html
In Frankivsk, artist Bogdan Makarenko opened a charity exhibition to help the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3692572-u-frankivsku-hudoznik-bogdan-makarenko-vidkriv-blagodijnu-vistavku-sob-dopomogti-zsu.html
In Kramatorsk from the city budget financed the repair of 30 apartment buildings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3692577-u-kramatorsku-z-budzetu-mista-profinansuvali-remont-30-bagatokvartirnih-budinkiv.html
Lubinets gave "labor" advice to Ukrainian refugees abroad
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692578-lubinec-dav-trudovi-poradi-ukrainskim-bizencam-za-kordonom.html
IOC translates responsibility to international federations - Abramenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692579-mok-perekladae-vidpovidalnist-na-miznarodni-federacii-abramenko.html
Frenchman tried to bring to Ukraine probably precious stones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692580-francuz-namagavsa-zavezti-v-ukrainu-jmovirno-dorogocinne-kaminna.html
In Mariupol, invaders recruit a "volunteer wife" from adolescents of conscript age - Andryushchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692581-u-mariupoli-zagarbniki-nabiraut-dobrovolcu-druzinu-z-pidlitkiv-prizovnogo-viku-andrusenko.html
Ukraine needs F-16 aircraft to effectively protect against Russian Fugas Air-Bomb-Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692586-ukraini-potribni-litaki-f16-dla-efektivnogo-zahistu-vid-rosijskih-fugasnih-aviabomb-ignat.html
The pro -Russian warrior from Donetsk was informed in absentia of suspicion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692589-prorosijskomu-voenkoru-z-donecka-zaocno-povidomili-pro-pidozru.html
Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Marinka are the hottest points in the east
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692587-bahmut-avdiivka-ta-marinka-najgaracisi-tocki-na-shodi.html
I broke up the cross -bonding of the knee, recovery will take 5-6 months - hammo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692588-a-porvav-hrestopodibnu-zvazku-kolina-vidnovlenna-zajme-56-misaciv-hammo.html
More than a million Canadians were left without light because of bad weather
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692590-ponad-miljon-kanadciv-zalisilisa-bez-svitla-cerez-negodu.html
China's position on Ukraine is reduced to peace talks - Xi Jinping
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692591-pozicia-kitau-sodo-ukraini-zvoditsa-do-pidtrimki-peregovoriv-pro-mir-si-czinpin.html
Russia "disposes" in Ukraine of natives of colonized territories - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692594-rosia-utilizue-v-ukraini-urodzenciv-kolonizovanih-teritorij-danilov.html
Irina Grimak was fired from the post of chairman of the Lviv Regional Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692595-irinu-grimak-zvilnili-z-posadi-golovi-lvivskoi-oblradi.html
3-5 people-Secretary of the NSDC know about the counter-offensive plan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692597-pro-plan-kontrnastupu-znaut-35-ludej-danilov.html
Gael the Montister will not play on Master's in Monte Carlo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692600-gael-monfis-ne-zigrae-na-mastersi-v-montekarlo.html
The IMF expects world GDP growth this year will not exceed 3%
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692601-mvf-ocikue-so-zrostanna-svitovogo-vvp-cogoric-ne-perevisit-3.html
Artist Marta Pitschuk sold a picture from the Motanka series for ₴ 430 thousand for Azov fighters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3692604-hudoznica-marta-pitcuk-prodala-kartinu-iz-serii-motanka-za-430-tisac-dla-bijciv-azovu.html
The volume of trade between the EU and China last year was € 2.5 billion a day - von der Liaen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692611-obsag-torgivli-miz-es-i-kitaem-torik-stanoviv-25-milarda-na-den-fon-der-laen.html
The Russian Boxing team will take part in the Games of the Bolivarian Alliance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692608-zbirna-rf-z-boksu-vizme-ucast-v-igrah-krain-bolivarianskogo-alansu.html
Danilov does not reject the possibility of forming new security unions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692607-danilov-ne-vidkidae-mozlivist-utvorenna-novih-bezpekovih-souziv.html
In Kharkiv, two people exploded on explosives
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692602-na-harkivsini-dvoe-ludej-pidirvalisa-na-vibuhivci.html
In the Rivne region on Easter, the weakening of the curfew will not be
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692614-u-rivnenskij-oblasti-na-velikden-poslablen-komendantskoi-godini-ne-bude.html
The capital honored the memory of the dead Ukrainian athletes and coaches
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3692613-u-stolici-vsanuvali-pamat-zagiblih-ukrainskih-sportsmeniv-i-treneriv.html
NASA Telescope made a new photo of Uranus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3692616-teleskop-nasa-zrobiv-novu-svitlinu-uranu.html
The mayor of Kramatorsk explained why they could not repair the water gateway
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692617-mer-kramatorska-poasniv-comu-ne-zmogli-vidremontuvati-vodoskidnij-sluz.html
China has to make the choice of war in Ukraine - Podolyak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692620-kitaj-mae-zrobiti-vibir-u-pitanni-vijni-v-ukraini-podolak.html
The Russians fired Sumy region border - 11 beats in twenty minutes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692621-rosiani-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-11-udariv-za-dvadcat-hvilin.html
The exhibition of Ivan Marchuk's works will be held in Vienna
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3692623-u-vidni-projde-vistavka-tvoriv-ivana-marcuka.html
Last year, the NBU electronic payments have passed more than ₴ 100 billion within Ukraine last year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692625-cerez-sistemu-elektronnih-plateziv-nbu-torik-projslo-ponad-100-milardiv-u-mezah-ukraini.html
The forces of defense flashed the enemy on the Kinburn Spit - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692627-sili-oboroni-potisnili-voroga-na-kinburnskij-kosi-gumenuk.html
Gur announces the Russians "a lot of interesting" in the air, on earth and water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692631-gur-anonsue-rosianam-bagato-cikavogo-u-povitri-na-zemli-j-vodi.html
Radio Beam Renewed Broadcasting in Izium
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692632-radio-promin-ponovilo-movlenna-v-izumi.html
The enemy from heavy artillery fired at Nikopol region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692630-vorog-z-vazkoi-artilerii-obstrilav-nikopolsinu.html
The involvement of Russians and Belarus in sports does not contribute to peace and development - Yermak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692635-ucast-rosian-ta-bilorusiv-u-sportivnih-zmagannah-ne-spriae-miru-ta-rozvitku-ermak.html
Support for China of the Russian War: State Department declares a common position of the US and France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692639-pidtrimka-kitaem-rosijskoi-vijni-derzdep-zaavlae-pro-spilnu-poziciu-ssa-i-francii.html
Ukraine's women's national team won Estonia on Hockey World Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692643-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-peremogla-estoniu-na-cs-z-hokeu.html
There were several explosions in Melitopol region - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692640-na-melitopolsini-prolunalo-kilka-vibuhiv.html
Despite the rains and wet snow to Ukraine a little returning heat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692497-popri-dosi-i-mokrij-snig-v-ukrainu-potrohu-povertaetsa-teplo.html
Many UOC -MP representatives cooperate with the FSB of the Russian Federation - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692646-bagato-predstavnikiv-upc-mp-spivpracuut-z-fsb-rf-danilov.html
The Russians during the day fired six communities of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692642-rosiani-protagom-dobi-obstrilali-sist-gromad-sumsini.html
Zelensky told about a visit to Poland: he became truly meaningful
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692655-zelenskij-rozpoviv-pro-vizit-do-polsi-vin-stav-spravdi-zmistovnim.html
Patriarch Cyril appointed the chief priest in the area of "special operation"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692647-patriarh-kiril-priznaciv-golovnogo-svasennika-u-zoni-specoperacii.html
The invaders in the evening fired the border of Chernihiv region from mortars and artillery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692651-zagarbniki-uveceri-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini-z-minometiv-ta-artilerii.html
Duda appointed a new minister of agriculture against the background of problems with Ukrainian grain in Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692648-duda-priznaciv-novogo-ministra-silskogo-gospodarstva-na-tli-problem-z-ukrainskim-zbizzam-u-polsi.html
Vernyaev: In a month or two I will be able to return to the mode of full training
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692650-vernaev-za-misacdva-zmozu-povernutisa-do-rezimu-povnih-trenuvan.html
The Head of State held a meeting on the security situation and the work of law enforcement agencies
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692659-glava-derzavi-proviv-naradu-sodo-bezpekovoi-situacii-ta-roboti-pravoohoronnih-organiv.html
An exhibition of Ukrainian avant -garde art opened at the Main Art Museum of Estonia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3692653-u-golovnomu-hudoznomu-muzei-estonii-vidkrilasa-vistavka-ukrainskogo-avangardnogo-mistectva.html
Ukrainian grain will be transported through Poland without unloading - a spokesman for the RP Government
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692656-ukrainske-zbizza-perevozitimut-cerez-polsu-bez-rozvantazenna-recnik-uradu-rp.html
The President noted the units of defense forces that are bringing the victory of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692654-zelenskij-vidznaciv-pidrozdili-sil-oboroni-aki-nablizaut-peremogu-ukraini.html
"Motor" gave way to Bitighaim in the match of the Second German Bundesliga
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692661-motor-postupivsa-bitighajmu-u-matci-drugoi-nimeckoi-bundesligi.html
Lithuania will support Ukraine's membership in the EU and NATO until its entry - Landsbergis
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692662-litva-pidtrimuvatime-clenstvo-ukraini-v-es-i-nato-az-do-ii-vstupu-landsbergis.html
In France, over half a million people are again protesting against pension reform
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692663-u-francii-ponad-piv-miljona-ludej-znovu-protestuut-proti-pensijnoi-reformi.html
Samp-T-T has been launched in Slovakia in Slovakia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692665-u-slovaccini-rozgornuli-kompleks-protipovitranoi-oboroni-sampt.html
Armenia will take part in NATO military exercises
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692667-virmenia-vizme-ucast-u-vijskovih-navcannah-nato.html
Minibraintegration Increases Informing Measures on Mine Safety
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/naselennya-zvilnenyh-rajoniv-hersonshhyny-posylyuyut-zahody-z-informuvannya-shhodo-minnoyi-bezpeky/
It is important to continue to form an evidence base of Russia's crimes in Ukraine - Ministry of Justice
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/vazhlyvo-prodovzhuvaty-formuvannya-dokazovoyi-bazy-zlochyniv-rosiyi-v-ukrayini/
180 general secondary and preschool institutions were restored in Kyiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/na-kyyivshhyni-vidnovyly-180-zakladiv-zagalnoyi-serednoyi-ta-doshkilnoyi-osvity/
IDPs that have changed the place of registration through action, you should contact the social security body
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/vpo-yaki-zminyly-miscze-reyestracziyi-cherez-diyu-potribno-zvernutysya-do-organu-soczzahystu-dlya-prodovzhennya-vyplat/
Healthcare professionals in areas of active fighting should receive increased wages - Viktor Lyashko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/medychni-praczivnyky-v-zonah-aktyvnyh-bojovyh-dij-mayut-otrymuvaty-pidvyshhenu-zarobitnu-platu-viktor-lyashko/
Transcarpathian plastuns sent charms to the forefront
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/zakarpatski-plastuny-vidpravyly-oberegy-na-peredovu/
As in the day international sanctions influenced the economy of
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/vplyv-mizhnarodnyh-sankczij-na-ekonomiku-rosiyi-sluzhba-zovnishnoyi-rozvidky-ukrayiny-2/
CPD reports manipulations widespread over the day of the world media
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/dezinformacziya-vid-svitovyh-media/
How to get aid to temporarily disabled workers during martial law
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/yak-otrymaty-dopomogu-po-tymchasovij-nepraczezdatnosti-pid-chas-voyennogo-stanu/
Aviation of Defense Forces has inflicted 17 blows in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-17-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
There are about 80 wounded invaders in the Little Belozerka Hospital
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/u-likarni-maloyi-bilozerky-perebuvaye-blyzko-80-poranenyh-zagarbnykiv/
He has been working
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/dity-vijny-cze-onlajn-platforma-z-uzagalnenoyu-informacziyeyu-pro-kilkist-ditej-yaki-postrazhdaly-vnaslidok-zbrojnoyi-agresiyi-rf-proty-ukrayiny/
In the Donetsk region, our defenders repelled more than 60 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/na-donechchyni-za-dobu-nashi-zahysnyky-vidbyly-ponad-60-atak-protyvnyka/
Enemy Loss per day: Almost 400 soldiers have been eliminated and a helicopter is shot
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-majzhe-400-vijskovyh-i-zbyto-gelikopter/
In action with ’ a new Yalta Military Bond appeared
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/u-diyi-zyavylasya-nova-vijskova-obligacziya-yalta/
A meeting of the Section of the Military and Scientific Council of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine was held
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/vidbulosya-zasidannya-sekcziyi-voyenno-naukovoyi-rady-minoborony-ukrayiny/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
The new military assistance package will reach 41 million euros - Lithuanian Defense Minister
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-ukrayini-syagne-41-mln-yevro-ministr-oborony-lytvy/
During the day, rescuers have almost two hundred times left for the elimination of the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-majzhe-dvisti-raziv-vyyizdyly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-4/
Canadian sappers in Poland teach Ukrainian military to overcome mine threats on the battlefield
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/kanadski-sapery-u-polshhi-navchayut-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-dolaty-minnu-zagrozu-na-poli-boyu/
Application by the enemy of aviation bombs - is the step of despair - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/zastosuvannya-vorogom-aviacziyi-z-kerovanymy-aviaczijnymy-bombamy-cze-krok-vidchayu-nataliya-gumenyuk/
We should be strong on all fronts, including on the front of the fight against corruption - Alexey Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/nam-slid-buty-sylnymy-na-vsih-frontah-zokrema-na-fronti-borotby-z-korupcziyeyu-oleksij-reznikov/
In Ukraine it was possible to return another child stolen Russian from the Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/v-ukrayinu-vdalosya-povernuty-ishhe-odnu-dytynu-vykradenu-rf-z-hersonskoyi-oblasti/
During the day of the Pyrotechnics of the SES, almost 500 explosive items and airbags were disposed of
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-majzhe-500-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-ta-aviabombu/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy: yellow-blue and white-red are four colors of strong friendship
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/volodymyr-zelenskyj-zhovto-syni-j-bilo-chervoni-cze-chotyry-kolory-micznoyi-druzhby/
Viktor Nikolyuk visited military training grounds and training centers in Poland, where defenders study
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/viktor-nikolyuk-vidvidav-vijskovi-poligony-i-navchalni-czentry-v-polshhi-de-navchayutsya-zahysnyky/
Briefing at Military Media Center “Participation of National Guard in Performing Tasks on Removal of Armed Aggression”
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/bryfing-u-military-media-center-uchast-naczgvardiyi-u-vykonanni-zadach-z-vidsichi-zbrojnoyi-agresiyi/
How is the evacuation of the bodies of dead military from deocal territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/yak-zdijsnyuyetsya-evakuacziya-til-zagyblyh-vijskovyh-z-deokupovanyh-terytorij/
Briefing "Current Status, Lessons and Areas of Development of Civil-Military Cooperation of the Armed Forces"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/bryfing-suchasnyj-stan-zdobuti-uroky-ta-napryamy-rozvytku-czyvilno-vijskovogo-spivrobitnycztva-zsu/
More than 20,000 volunteers have applied for joining the NSU brigades as part of the formation of the offensive units
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/ponad-20-tysyach-dobrovolcziv-podaly-zayavky-na-vstup-do-gvardiyi-nastupu/
There is no leakage of information: Anna Malyar on Bakhmut's Defense Planning
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/vytoku-informacziyi-nemaye-ganna-malyar-pro-planuvannya-oborony-bahmuta/
In the morning the army of the Russian Federation covered two settlements of Chernihiv region with mortar fire
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/zranku-armiya-rf-nakryla-minometnym-vognem-2-naselenyh-punkty-chernigivshhyny/
During this week, NSU fighters destroyed more than 400 invaders, 10 tanks, 5 SAUs and other enemy equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/za-czej-tyzhden-bijczi-ngu-znyshhyly-ponad-400-okupantiv-10-tankiv-5-sau-ta-inshu-tehniku-voroga/
Daily for the protection and defense of important state objects National Guard assigns more than 300 guards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/shhodenno-dlya-ohorony-ta-oborony-vazhlyvyh-derzhavnyh-obyektiv-naczgvardiya-pryznachaye-ponad-300-vart/
Ukraine, together with the international community, presses on the Russian Federation to improve the conditions of keeping the prisoners of defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/ukrayina-razom-z-mizhnarodnoyu-spilnotoyu-tysne-na-rf-dlya-pokrashhennya-umovy-utrymannya-polonenyh-zahysnykiv/
The National Guard is constantly involved in countertops - Mykola Urshalovich
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/naczgvardiya-postijno-bere-uchast-u-kontrdyversijnyh-zahodah-mykola-urshalovych/
Rosarmia fired at more than a hundred settlements in nine regions a day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/rosarmiya-obstrilyala-za-dobu-ponad-sotnyu-naselenyh-punktiv-u-devyaty-regionah/
The enemy informant was detained, which recorded the consequences of the rocket stroke of the Russian Federation in Zaporozhye
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/zatrymano-vorozhogo-informatora-yakyj-fiksuvav-naslidky-raketnogo-udaru-rf-po-zaporizhzhi/
In March, more than 56 thousand appeals were received on hotlines
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/u-berezni-na-garyachi-liniyi-minreintegracziyi-nadijshlo-ponad-56-tysyach-zvernen/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: more than 78 thousand military crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-78-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
Volodymyr Zelensky presented the mayor of Polish cities with honorary honors "City-Rativnik"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/volodymyr-zelenskyj-vruchyv-meram-polskyh-mist-pochesni-vidznaky-misto-ryativnyk/
Thank you to everyone who defended Chernihiv. Everyone who is in battle for Ukraine!- Valery Zaluzhny
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/ya-dyakuyu-kozhnomu-hto-zahyshhav-chernigivshhynu-kozhnomu-hto-v-boyu-za-ukrayinu-valerij-zaluzhnyj/
Logistics's military forces told students about the danger of explosive objects
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/vijskovi-syl-logistyky-rozpovily-shkolyaram-pro-nebezpeku-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
There are 4 enemy rocket carriers in the Black Sea - 2 surfaces and 2 underwater - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/u-chornomu-mori-perebuvayut-4-vorozhi-raketonosiyi-2-nadvodni-ta-2-pidvodni-nataliya-gumenyuk/
In Kherson region, the military will be judged by the civilian
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/na-hersonshhyni-sudytymut-vijskovogo-rf-shho-znushhavsya-nad-czyvilnymy/
Ukraine will return home all children deported to Russia - Alexei Danilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/ukrayina-poverne-dodomu-usih-ditej-deportovanyh-do-rosiyi-oleksij-danilov/
Three carriers of Caliber missiles brought the Russian Federation to the Mediterranean Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/dva-rosijskyh-raketonosiyi-pokynulo-bojove-cherguvannya-u-chornomu-mori/
Russians began to use drones with homemade explosive devices
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/rosiyany-pochaly-zastosovuvaty-drony-iz-samorobnymy-vybuhovymy-prystroyamy/
What stands in the words "Bakhmut's battles" - explanation Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/shho-stoyit-za-slovamy-v-bahmuti-tryvayut-boyi-rozyasnennya-ganny-malyar/
The National Guard told about the preparation of the assault units of the Guard of the offensive
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/u-naczgvardiyi-rozpovily-pro-pidgotovku-shturmovyh-pidrozdiliv-gvardiyi-nastupu/
Captive defenders' contracts are automatically continued - Coordination Staff
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/kontrakty-polonenyh-zahysnykiv-avtomatychno-prodovzhuyutsya-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
The Lithuanian Seimas approved a resolution in which Ukraine officially invites Ukraine to NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/sejm-lytvy-uhvalyv-rezolyucziyu-v-yakij-oficzijno-zaproshuye-ukrayinu-do-nato/
In Kyiv region, pro-Kremliv Internet agitators were exposed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/na-kyyivshhyni-vykryto-prokremlivskyh-internet-agitatoriv/
More than 40 explosions were heard in the territory of Sumy region border and Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/ponad-40-vybuhiv-prolunalo-na-terytoriyi-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-ta-chernigivshhyny/
The enemy continues to fire Donetsk and Zaporizhzhia - Alexey Dmitrashkivsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/vorog-prodovzhuye-obstrilyuvaty-donechchynu-ta-zaporizhzhya-oleksij-dmytrashkivskyj/
Interflex Operation: 10,000 Armed Forces have already been trained in Britain
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/operacziya-interflex-u-brytaniyi-vzhe-projshly-pidgotovku-10-tysyach-novobrancziv-zsu/
Detained Odessa who was collecting intelligence on the defenders of Odessa
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/zatrymano-odesytku-yaka-zbyrala-rozviddani-pro-oboroncziv-odesy/
A meeting was held on the implementation of the rapid resumption of the country
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/vidbulasya-narada-shhodo-realizacziyi-proektiv-shvydkogo-vidnovlennya-krayiny/
Our arta destroyed two warehouses and the enemy Reb Station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/nasha-arta-znyshhyla-dva-sklady-ta-stancziyu-reb-voroga/
During the day, Ukrainian soldiers repelled more than 20 invaders attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/protyagom-doby-nashi-voyiny-vidbyly-bilshe-dvadczyaty-atak-okupantiv/
Ukraine needs aircraft of Western model - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/ukrayini-potribni-litaky-zahidnogo-zrazka-yurij-ignat/
An order for the creation of the Anti -Corruption Council at the Ministry of Defense will be signed in the coming days
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/najblyzhchymy-dnyamy-bude-pidpysano-nakaz-pro-stvorennya-antykorupczijnoyi-rady-pry-minoborony/
The Minister of Defense of Ukraine met with Greek colleague as part of an official visit to Greece
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/ministr-oborony-ukrayiny-zustrivsya-z-greczkym-kolegoyu-nikosom-panagiotopulosom-v-ramkah-oficzijnogo-vizytu-do-grecziyi/
In the northern direction of the offensive groups of the enemy has not
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/na-pivnichnomu-napryamku-nastupalnyh-ugrupovan-protyvnyka-ne-vyyavleno-3/
Medical facilities in temporarily occupied territories are crowded with wounded Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/medychni-zaklady-na-tymchasovo-okupovanyh-terytoriyah-perepovneni-poranenymy-rosiyanamy/
We saw how important communication between the Armed Forces and the civilian population is Vladimir Lyamzin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/my-pobachyly-naskilky-vazhlyva-komunikacziya-mizh-zsu-ta-czyvilnym-naselennyam-volodymyr-lyamzin/
Ukrainian defenders were presented with unique flowers from children of Sumy region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/ukrayinski-zahysnyczi-otrymaly-unikalni-kvity-vid-ditej-sumshhyny/
Defense and protection of our people, support of warriors is the number one issue at all negotiations - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/oborona-j-zahyst-nashyh-lyudej-pidtrymka-voyiniv-cze-pytannya-nomer-odyn-na-vsih-peregovorah-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Ukraine received 70 cars for patronage doctors from UNICEF
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/ukrayina-otrymala-vid-yunisef-70-avtomobiliv-dlya-patronazhnyh-medykiv/
Ministers discussed the creation of veteran development centers on the basis of educational institutions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/ministry-obgovoryly-stvorennya-czentriv-veteranskogo-rozvytku-na-bazi-zakladiv-osvity/
Short. War. Day 407
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/06/korotko-vijna-den-407/
Negotiation decisions should be made with the participation of Ukraine - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692668-risenna-sodo-peremovin-maut-prijmatisa-za-ucasti-ukraini-bilij-dim.html
Negotiation decisions should be made with the participation of Ukraine - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692668-risenna-sodo-peremovin-maut-prijmatisa-za-ucasti-ukraini-bilij-dim.html

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====