乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-19

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

AT Shakhtarsk Directive Russian Army Shelle Shakhtarsk, Prechistivka, Novomikhailivka, won ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5123
JSC Zaporizhzhia And Kherson Directioz Rusyan Army Shelled Olgivsk, Gulyaypole, Railway ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5124
Ammunition depot is on fire at Rykove village of Kherson region
https://t.me/hromadske_ua/34216
At Caurus Director Russia Army Shellled Fholivka, Yard, West, Kamyanka, Shortka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5118
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Marinka, Victory, Mack ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5122
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5125
Russian army shelled Nikopol today
https://t.me/dnipropetrovskaODA/5431
2 person killed as result of Russian shelling in Bilopilya of Sumy region
https://twitter.com/ukrinform/status/1670459893910831109
1 person wounded as result of mortar shelling in Liptsy village of Kharkiv region
https://t.me/espresotb/65559
Heavy explosions reported in Skadovsk
https://twitter.com/2uwmp/status/1670515824967163905
In the Tavriysk direction, the defenders captured four BMP-2, armored personnel carrier and Rom enemy-Valery Shershen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-syly-oborony-ukrayiny-zahopyly-chotyry-bmp-2-bronetransporter-ta-rem-voroga-valerij-shershen/
As a result of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station - 16 dead, 31 people are still looking
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/unaslidok-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-16-zagyblyh-31-osobu-shhe-shukayut/
The Ministry of Internal Affairs released the advice to the residents of the occupied areas affected by the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/mvs-oprylyudnylo-porady-meshkanczyam-okupovanyh-rajoniv-yaki-postrazhdaly-vid-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
The CPD told about the unsuccessful example of "neutral journalism" of the French TV channel TF-1
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/czpd-rozpoviv-pro-nevdalyj-pryklad-nejtralnoyi-zhurnalistyky-franczuzkogo-telekanalu-tf-1/
Drone border guards beat on the occupants under Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/prykordonnyky-z-droniv-byut-po-okupantah-pid-bahmutom/
The enemy has a minus three management points, five ammunition warehouses and two SDIs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/u-voroga-minus-try-punkty-upravlinnya-pyat-skladiv-z-boyeprypasamy-ta-dva-zrk/
The soldiers of the enemy army flee from the front - they are wanted
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/voyaky-vorozhoyi-armiyi-tikayut-z-frontu-yih-rozshukuyut-rosgvardijczi/
Two shock helicopters and 12 UAVs are destroyed - air forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/znyshheno-dva-udarni-vertoloty-ta-12-bpla/
Water quality monitoring in emergency zone: Pollutants have been detected
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/monitoryng-yakosti-vody-u-zoni-nadzvychajnoyi-sytuacziyi-cherez-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges/
Rashist complains of sister about loss and desertion - intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/paczan%d1%8b-v-otpusk-sobyralys-gulyaly-snaryad-vletel-2-200-h-vot-sejchas-mamkam-otpravyat-dvuh-chelovek-perehoplennya-gur/
Last day Rashists tried to step on but all their attacks were reflected
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/mynuloyi-doby-rashysty-namagalysya-nastupaty-ale-vsi-yih-ataky-bulo-vidbyto/
650 occupiers were eliminated, 23 BBM and 13 artisystems were destroyed - enemy losses per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/650-okupantiv-likvidovano-znyshheno-23-bbm-i-13-artsystem-vtraty-voroga-za-dobu/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 7 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-7-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Ceramics, Novokalin, Steppe, Thin, Pervomae ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5130
In Dnipropetrovsk, an illegal refinery was exposed - the counterfeit was sold throughout the country
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725003-na-dnipropetrovsini-vikrili-nelegalnij-npz-falsifikat-zbuvali-po-vsij-kraini.html
JSC Marinkon Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, Acute, St. George, Marynka, Bake ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5131
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Novomikhailivka, Katerynivka, Blessed, Carbon ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5132
The KSCA denied information about teachers' duty schedules in school shelters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3724962-u-kmda-sprostuvali-informaciu-pro-grafiki-cerguvan-uciteliv-u-skilnih-ukrittah.html
Zelensky invited the World Bank to restore the work of representation in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3724945-zelenskij-proviv-rozmovu-z-prezidentom-svitovogo-banku.html
In Italy blocks the attempts of China to take control of the tire giant Pirelli
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3724946-v-italii-blokuut-sprobi-kitau-vzati-pid-kontrol-sinnij-gigant-pirelli.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Makarivka of Donetsk re...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5133
Chernihiv Deputy Mayor was arrested in the case of corruption - in the City Council reacted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724930-zastupnika-mera-cernigova-vidpravili-pid-arest-u-spravi-pro-korupciu-u-miskradi-vidreaguvali.html
The Council is offered to recognize Belarus by the aggressor state
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725038-u-radi-proponuut-viznati-bilorus-derzavouagresorom.html
In PACE, a moment of silence honored the memory of victims of Russian aggression against Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724906-u-pare-hvilinou-movcanna-vsanuvali-zertv-rosijskoi-agresii-proti-ukraini.html
80% of homes were exchanged in Circus in Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3724910-u-cirkunah-na-harkivsini-rozminuvali-80-budinkiv.html
A member of Brussels Regional Government resign after the scandal - he invited representatives of Iran and the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724888-clen-regionalnogo-uradu-brussela-jde-u-vidstavku-pisla-skandalu-zaprosiv-predstavnikiv-iranu-ta-rf.html
Water falls in Kherson region, 21 settlements remain flooded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724889-na-hersonsini-spadae-voda-pidtoplenim-zalisaetsa-21-naselenij-punkt.html
Russia will continue the attempts of the government in Moldova - Sandu
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725036-rosia-prodovzit-sprobi-derzperevorotu-v-moldovi-sandu.html
In Ukraine, veterans will start cooking - the project starts on July 1
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725035-v-ukraini-pocnut-gotuvati-pomicnikiv-veteraniv-proekt-startue-1-lipna.html
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled Krasne First, Figolivka, Novomlinsk, two -year, with ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5127
Neonatal Screening: The Government has redirected more than 45 million to Okhmatdita
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725034-neonatalnij-skrining-urad-perenapraviv-ponad-45-miljoniv-do-ohmatditu.html
Rescuers received assistance from international organizations in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725033-na-hersonsini-ratuvalniki-otrimali-dopomogu-vid-miznarodnih-organizacij.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Stelmakhivka, Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region a...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5128
Psychological assistance has been trained in Israel with 5,000 Ukrainians - Zelensk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725031-navcanna-v-izraili-z-nadanna-psihologicnoi-dopomogi-projsli-5000-ukrainciv-zelenska.html
Ukraine's progress on the EU's way: Zelensky is expecting an intermediate rating this week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725030-progres-ukraini-na-slahu-do-es-zelenskij-ocikue-na-promiznu-ocinku-cogo-tizna.html
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarka, Bogdan ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5129
The court left the commander of one of the Chervinsky SCOs for a month
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725028-sud-ise-na-misac-zalisiv-pid-vartou-komandira-odniei-iz-castin-sso-cervinskogo.html
The Russians charge reserves in the south and in the east of Ukraine - the Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725026-rosiani-staguut-rezervi-i-na-pivdni-i-na-shodi-ukraini-minoboroni.html
4 Shahed drones and 4 Kaliber cruise missiles were shot down overnight
https://t.me/kpszsu/2631
Ukrainian military liberated Pyatykhatky village in Zaporizhzhia region
https://t.me/annamaliar/858
7 person wounded as result of shelling in Valuyki district of Belgorod region
https://t.me/bbbelgorod/7243
Ukrainian military in liberated Pyatykhatky of Zaporizhzhia region
https://t.me/dneproperatyv/65864
2 person wounded in Preobrazhenka village of Zaporizhzhia region as result of shelling, anoth...
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/13879
Official of occupation authorities in Zaporizhzhia region Vladimir Epifanov, his bodyguard an...
https://t.me/bazabazon/18651
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Karpovychi of Chernihiv r...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5126
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5134
Activity of Russian aviation reported, at least 4 Kh-22M3 bombers airborne over Azov Sea
https://t.me/kpszsu/2633
NATO SG @jensstoltenberg in Berlin: “The more land the Ukrainians are able to liberate, the s...
https://twitter.com/NATODepSpox/status/1670750053881765890
Flash flooding after rains in Sevastopol district
https://t.me/zvezdanews/121930
Brigade Aerospace found enemy targets that later destroyed artillery
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/brygadna-aerorozvidka-vyyavyla-vorozhi-czili-vognevi-artylerijski-grupy-brygady-uspishno-yih-znyshhyly/
In Rivne, a hub will work for integration of internally displaced persons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/u-rivnomu-zapraczyuye-hab-dlya-integracziyi-vnutrishno-peremishhenyh-osib/
Zelensky announced a significant continuation of defensive cooperation with Britain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725051-zelenskij-anonsuvav-vagome-prodovzenna-oboronnoi-spivpraci-z-britanieu.html
The Kharkiv resident was injured as a result of a mortar shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/meshkanecz-harkivshhyny-otrymav-poranennya-vnaslidok-minometnogo-obstrilu-rashystiv/
Ribrov: We only work together for 10 days ...
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725052-rebrov-mi-lise-10-dniv-razom-pracuemo.html
1 person wounded as result of shelling in Nikopol
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/44566
Stay live and work in Lithuania plans one third of Ukrainian refugees
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724998-zalisitisa-ziti-ta-pracuvati-u-litvi-planue-tretina-ukrainskih-bizenciv.html
2 points of management, 4 SPRs and 2 enemy ammunition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/urazheno-2-punkty-upravlinnya-4-zrk-ta-2-sklady-boyeprypasiv-protyvnyka/
Kuleba: Ukrainian prisoners were taken to Hungary in the political interests of Orban
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725056-kuleba-ukrainskih-polonenih-vivezli-do-ugorsini-v-politicnih-interesah-orbana.html
Explosion was audible in Kharkiv region
https://t.me/kharkivlife/62754
Macron has announced that Ukraine has already received the SAMP/T Anti -Receive Complex
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725060-makron-ogolosiv-so-ukraina-vze-otrimala-protiraketnij-kompleks-sampt.html
Rashists have inflicted 59 aircraft, among the victims are children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/protyvnyk-zavdav-59-aviaudariv-sered-postrazhdalyh-ye-dity/
In Kazakhstan, a Leps concert was canceled
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3724875-u-kazahstani-skasuvali-koncert-lepsa.html
China assured that no intention to supply weapons to Russia - Blinken
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724879-kitaj-zapevniv-so-ne-mae-namiriv-postacati-zbrou-v-rosiu-blinken.html
The Paris Air Force began at Le-Bourgea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3724881-u-leburze-rozpocavsa-parizkij-aviasalon.html
Russian companies buy hundreds of thousands of ammunition produced in the USA - Politico
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724882-rosijski-kompanii-kupuut-sotni-tisac-naboiv-viroblenih-u-ssa-politico.html
The Court of Appeal left in custody Judge Tandir
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724886-apelacijnij-sud-zalisiv-pid-vartou-suddu-tandira.html
Potentially dangerous asteroid is approaching the ground
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3724885-do-zemli-nablizaetsa-potencijno-nebezpecnij-asteroid.html
The behavior of Russia's leadership testifies to the fear of the offensive actions of Ukraine - GUR
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724887-povedinka-kerivnictva-rosii-svidcit-pro-strah-pered-nastupalnimi-diami-ukraini-gur.html
Million theft on the construction of the Podilsky Bridge: three more officials have been suspected
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3724883-miljonni-rozkradanna-na-budivnictvi-podilskogo-mostu-se-trom-posadovcam-ogolosili-pidozru.html
In Izium, a man was blown up - the victim was hospitalized
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724893-v-izumi-pidirvavsa-colovik-poterpilogo-gospitalizuvali.html
Hungary should explain its participation in the liberation of Ukrainian prisoners of war - the European Commission
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724897-ugorsina-mae-poasniti-svou-ucast-u-zvilnenni-ukrainskih-vijskovopolonenih-evrokomisia.html
Children from Transcarpathia have raised one and a half million hryvnias for the Drone Army
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724900-diti-iz-zakarpatta-zibrali-pivtora-miljona-griven-na-armiu-droniv.html
Myron Markevich appointed his son as his assistant in the Carpathians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724902-miron-markevic-priznaciv-sina-svoim-pomicnikom-u-karpatah.html
All Ukrainian NPPs took place
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3724904-na-vsih-ukrainskih-aes-vidbulisa-rotacii-misij-magate.html
MKIP is ready to bring a house on Vladimir in Kiev to the Register of Monuments
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3724905-mkip-gotove-vnesti-budinok-na-volodimirskij-u-kievi-do-reestru-pamatok.html
EU and Kenya have entered into a trade agreement to protect exports
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3724896-es-i-kenia-uklali-torgovelnu-ugodu-dla-zahistu-eksportu.html
England's football players defeated the Northern Macedonians in Euro-2024 qualification
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725058-futbolisti-anglii-rozgromili-pivnicnih-makedonciv-u-kvalifikacii-evro2024.html
In some communities of Nikopol district, the length of the curfew will change
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724907-u-deakih-gromadah-nikopolskogo-rajonu-zminitsa-trivalist-komendantskoi-godini.html
Border guards destroyed under Bakhmut Russian Field Warehouse
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724908-prikordonniki-znisili-pid-bahmutom-rosijskij-polovij-sklad.html
The London Conference will consider financial assistance for Ukraine after 2023 - Ursula von der Lyen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3724913-londonska-konferencia-rozglane-finansovu-dopomogu-dla-ukraini-pisla-2023-roku-fon-der-laen.html
Almost 78,000 children have been born in Ukraine since the beginning of the year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724912-v-ukraini-vid-pocatku-roku-narodilisa-majze-78-tisac-ditej.html
The government has allocated more than ₴ 300 million to restore two educational institutions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3724909-urad-vidiliv-mikolaevu-ponad-300-miljoniv-na-vidnovlenna-dvoh-zakladiv-osviti.html
The special tribunal for the military -political leadership of the Russian Federation can work in 2024 - Venislavsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724918-spectribunal-dla-vijskovopoliticnogo-kerivnictva-rf-moze-zapracuvati-2024-roku-venislavskij.html
Sinegubov told how many people are currently living in Kharkiv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724919-sinegubov-rozpoviv-skilki-ludej-narazi-prozivaut-u-harkovi.html
In May, the Armed Forces destroyed more than 550 artillery units of Russians - a military expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724920-u-travni-zsu-znisili-ponad-550-artilerijskih-ustanovok-rosian-vijskovij-ekspert.html
In the Branch of the Forests of Ukraine exposed an underground cryptofold - the company promises check
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724922-u-filii-lisiv-ukraini-na-lvivsini-vikrili-pidpilnu-kriptofermu-pidpriemstvo-obicae-perevirku.html
Ukrainian and Polish milk producers oppose trade restrictions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3724921-ukrainski-j-polski-virobniki-moloka-vistupaut-proti-torgovelnih-obmezen.html
Stefanchuk hopes that the French Parliament will support Ukraine's membership in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724923-stefancuk-spodivaetsa-so-parlament-francii-pidtrimae-clenstvo-ukraini-v-nato.html
Banks have already issued "available loans" for more than ₴ 207 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3724927-banki-vze-vidali-dostupnih-kreditiv-na-ponad-207-milardiv.html
The Defense Ministry was told about Orbital - British Operation on Ukrainian Warriors Training
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724931-u-minoboroni-rozpovili-pro-orbital-britansku-operaciu-z-navcanna-ukrainskih-voiniv.html
Underwater vehicles with tourists disappeared on the road to a sunken Titanic
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724932-pidvodnij-aparat-z-turistami-znik-dorogou-do-zatonulogo-titanika.html
In the Kherson neighborhood, the ship changed the time of the curfew
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724934-u-hersonskomu-mikrorajoni-korabel-zminili-cas-komendantskoi-godini.html
Recovering damaged housing in Kherson needs about $ 70 billion - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3724935-na-vidnovlenna-poskodzenogo-zitla-na-hersonsini-potribno-blizko-70-milardiv-ekspert.html
A lot of Western weapons that came to Ukraine was unusable - NYT
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724936-cimalo-zahidnogo-ozbroenna-so-nadhodilo-v-ukrainu-bulo-u-nepridatnomu-stani-nyt.html
The Kherson Regional Council showed what the session hall looks like after the fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724937-u-hersonskij-oblradi-pokazali-ak-vigladae-sesijna-zala-pisla-obstrilu.html
Stoltenberg named three priorities for the safety of the event: the first - help for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724942-stoltenberg-nazvav-tri-prioriteti-dla-bezpeki-zahodu-persij-dopomoga-dla-ukraini.html
SBU destroyed the enemy station "Mur-M" and six units of armored vehicles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724941-sbu-znisila-vorozu-stanciu-muromm-i-sist-odinic-bronetehniki.html
At night the enemy attacked the Odesa with four winged maritime -based missiles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/vnochi-vorog-atakuvav-odeshhynu-chotyrma-krylatymy-raketamy-morskogo-bazuvannya/
Air defense is active in Southern region against Shahed drones
https://t.me/lachentyt/30558
On Kakhovskaya HPP, a week before the blast was photographed a car with explosives - AP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724943-na-kahovskij-ges-za-tizden-do-pidrivu-sfotografuvali-avtomobil-iz-vibuhivkou-ap.html
Ukrainian Svitolina lost Frugwitova at the start of the WTA tournament 250
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724944-ukrainka-svitolina-prograla-frugvirtovij-na-starti-turniru-wta-250.html
Half companies in Ukraine have returned to work in the usual mode
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3724948-polovina-kompanij-v-ukraini-povernulisa-do-roboti-u-zvicnomu-rezimi.html
The Kremlin has not reached any strategic goal - the Polish Foreign Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724949-kreml-ne-dosag-zodnoi-strategicnoi-meti-mzs-polsi.html
Stay live and work in Lithuania plans one third of Ukrainian refugees
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724998-zalisitisa-ziti-ta-pracuvati-u-litvi-planue-tretina-ukrainskih-bizenciv.html
In Kiev presented an exhibition dedicated to displaced persons and refugees
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3724951-u-kievi-prezentuvali-vistavku-prisvacenu-pereselencam-i-bizencam.html
Kryvyi Rih in three weeks can be left without water - Vilkul
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724952-krivij-rig-za-tri-tizni-moze-zalisitisa-bez-vodi-vilkul.html
The invaders in Mariupol destroyed the Korolenko library
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724954-zagarbniki-u-mariupoli-znisili-biblioteku-korolenka.html
A murderer of a Lviv student was sentenced to life imprisonment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724955-vbivcu-lvivskoi-studentki-zasudili-do-dovicnogo-uvaznenna.html
Bornmouth appointed Spaniard to Iraol's new head coach
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724959-bornmut-priznaciv-ispanca-iraolu-novim-golovnim-trenerom-komandi.html
In the Kyiv region, the car came to the ditch, among the victims - two children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724960-na-kiivsini-avto-zihalo-u-kuvet-sered-postrazdalih-dvoe-ditej.html
The PACE can approve the resolution on the inclusion of "Wagner" and "Cadyrivs" in terrorist formations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724961-pare-moze-uhvaliti-rezoluciu-pro-vklucenna-vagnerivciv-i-kadirivciv-do-teroristicnih-formuvan.html
Rebrov named the starting warehouse for Euro 2024 qualifying match against Malta
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724963-rebrov-nazvav-startovij-sklad-na-kvalifikacijnij-matc-evro2024-proti-malti.html
Kubrakov - about the stop of the "grain corridor": Russians openly sabotage ship inspections
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3724964-kubrakov-pro-zupinku-zernovogo-koridoru-rosiani-vidkrito-sabotuut-inspekcii-suden.html
The Russians fired at the artillery Berislav district, three wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724966-rosiani-obstrilali-z-artilerii-berislavskij-rajon-troe-poranenih.html
The leaders of Ukrainian communities met with representatives of the Estonia Integration Foundation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3724939-kerivniki-ukrainskih-gromad-zustrilisa-z-predstavnikami-fondu-integracii-estonii.html
Fight in Kherson: Police say that a civilian rather than a military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724969-bijka-u-hersoni-u-policii-zaavlaut-so-postrazdav-civilnij-a-ne-vijskovij.html
More than 200 drones were sent to the front from Lviv to the front
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724970-zi-lvova-na-front-vidpravili-ponad-200-bezpilotnikiv.html
The EU has allocated € 30 million for Ukraine to solve mental health problems
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724972-es-vidiliv-30-miljoniv-dla-ukraini-na-rozvazanna-problem-mentalnogo-zdorova-shinas.html
On the Right Bank of Kherson region, five settlements - Shmigal remain flooded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724975-na-pravoberezzi-hersonsini-pidtoplenimi-zalisautsa-pat-naselenih-punktiv-smigal.html
The existing minister of community development was taken into custody - a bribe of $ 400 thousand is suspected
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724978-vaks-vzav-pid-vartu-ekszastupnika-ministra-rozvitku-gromad.html
The Armed Forces struck 14 art units, three air defense means and two important enemy objects
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724980-zsu-vrazili-14-artpidrozdiliv-tri-zasobi-ppo-ta-dva-vazlivih-obekti-voroga.html
The UN evaluated the consequences of the Russian invasion for Ukrainians - as revenue fell
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3724982-oon-ocinila-naslidki-rosijskogo-vtorgnenna-dla-ukrainciv-ak-vpali-dohodi.html
Schmigal: We expect to get the next tranche from the MFV by $ 900 million in the near future
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3724984-smigal-ocikuemo-najblizcim-casom-otrimati-nastupnij-trans-vid-mfv-na-900-miljoniv.html
The Government approved the procedure for payment of 5 thousand victims due to undermining the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724985-urad-zatverdiv-poradok-viplati-po-5-tisac-postrazdalim-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges.html
RF Army from heavy artillery fired at Nikopol, wounded civilian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724986-armia-rf-z-vazkoi-artilerii-obstrilala-nikopol-poranenij-civilnij.html
The Cabinet of Ministers approved the order of management of household waste in special conditions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724987-urad-zatverdiv-poradok-upravlinna-pobutovimi-vidhodami-v-osoblivih-umovah.html
Trade missions in Africa will take care of a separate state -owned enterprise - government decision
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3724989-torgivelnimi-misiami-v-krainah-afriki-opikuvatimetsa-okreme-derzpidpriemstvo-risenna-uradu.html
Angelina Kalinina came out to the 1/8 finals of WTA tournament in Birmingham
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724991-angelina-kalinina-vijsla-do-18-finalu-turniru-wta-u-birmingemi.html
Shmigal told about key aspects of the Conference on Recovery of Ukraine in London
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3724992-smigal-rozpoviv-pro-klucovi-aspekti-konferencii-z-vidnovlenna-ukraini-u-londoni.html
In Kherson, five communities have problems with water due to the drainage of the Kakhovka reservoir
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725039-na-hersonsini-pat-gromad-maut-problemi-z-vodou-cerez-osusenna-kahovskogo-vodoshovisa.html
More than 220 thousand soldiers have lost the army of the Russian Federation in Ukraine since the beginning of large -scale aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/ponad-220-tysyach-vijskovyh-vtratyla-armiya-rf-v-ukrayini-z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-agresiyi/
Ministry of Veterans and USAID project signed a memorandum of cooperation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724993-minveteraniv-ta-proekt-usaid-pidpisali-memorandum-pro-spivpracu.html
The National Bank has up the limit for financial transactions of "politically significant persons" six times
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3724995-nacbank-u-sist-raziv-pidvisiv-limit-dla-finansovih-operacij-politicno-znacusih-osib.html
In Lviv, a performer was conducted against sexual violence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725000-u-lvovi-proveli-akciuperformans-proti-seksualnogo-nasilstva.html
The government initiates the termination of the Russian Federation Agreement on Mutual Protection of Investment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725002-urad-iniciue-rozirvanna-ugodi-z-rf-pro-vzaemnij-zahist-investicij.html
48 regional language programs have already been launched in Ukraine - Kremin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725004-v-ukraini-zapustili-vze-48-regionalnih-movnih-program-kremin.html
Zelensky told the premieres of the Netherlands and Denmark about the situation on the battlefield
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725005-zelenskij-rozpoviv-premeram-niderlandiv-ta-danii-pro-situaciu-na-poli-bou.html
Operation goes according to the plan: Zaluzhni showed work in one of the headquarters on the front line
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725008-zaluznij-i-nacalnik-genstabu-zsu-proveli-robotu-u-vijskah-na-peredovij.html
From the liberated five -players in Zaporozhye evacuated the family with children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725006-zi-zvilnenih-patihatok-na-zaporizzi-evakuuvali-rodinu-z-ditmi.html
The number of dead as a result of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant increased to 18
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725009-kilkist-zagiblih-vnaslidok-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-zrosla-do-18.html
The UN did not explain why Russia does not allow humanitarian missions in the occupied territories
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725012-v-oon-ne-poasnili-comu-rosia-ne-dopuskae-gumanitarni-misii-na-okupovani-teritorii.html
In Volyn, a passenger bus collided with a truck, eight people in hospital
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725014-na-volini-pasazirskij-avtobus-zitknuvsa-z-vantazivkou-vosmero-ludej-u-likarni.html
Astronomers have discovered a space object hotter than the sun
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3725015-astronomi-viavili-kosmicnij-obekt-garacisij-za-sonce.html
Kherson region: water departed from Dnieper and falls by a centimeter in an hour
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725016-hersonsina-voda-vidijsla-vid-dniprovskogo-i-spadae-na-santimetr-za-godinu.html
The Ukrainian national team beat Malta in the selection for Euro 2024
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725020-zbirna-ukraini-obigrala-maltu-u-vidbori-na-evro2024.html
In Sumy, three projects are being implemented for solar power plants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725021-u-sumah-realizuut-tri-proekti-z-ulastuvanna-sonacnih-elektrostancij.html
Military operation in the south has several tasks, and the Armed Forces are performed - a painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725024-vijskova-operacia-na-pivdni-mae-dekilka-zavdan-i-zsu-ih-vikonuut-malar.html
The Russians charge reserves in the south and in the east of Ukraine - the Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725026-rosiani-staguut-rezervi-i-na-pivdni-i-na-shodi-ukraini-minoboroni.html
The court left the commander of one of the Chervinsky SCOs for a month
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725028-sud-ise-na-misac-zalisiv-pid-vartou-komandira-odniei-iz-castin-sso-cervinskogo.html
Ukraine's progress on the EU's way: Zelensky is expecting an intermediate rating this week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725030-progres-ukraini-na-slahu-do-es-zelenskij-ocikue-na-promiznu-ocinku-cogo-tizna.html
Psychological assistance has been trained in Israel with 5,000 Ukrainians - Zelensk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725031-navcanna-v-izraili-z-nadanna-psihologicnoi-dopomogi-projsli-5000-ukrainciv-zelenska.html
Rescuers received assistance from international organizations in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725033-na-hersonsini-ratuvalniki-otrimali-dopomogu-vid-miznarodnih-organizacij.html
Neonatal Screening: The Government has redirected more than 45 million to Okhmatdita
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725034-neonatalnij-skrining-urad-perenapraviv-ponad-45-miljoniv-do-ohmatditu.html
In Ukraine, veterans will start cooking - the project starts on July 1
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725035-v-ukraini-pocnut-gotuvati-pomicnikiv-veteraniv-proekt-startue-1-lipna.html
Russia will continue the attempts of the government in Moldova - Sandu
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725036-rosia-prodovzit-sprobi-derzperevorotu-v-moldovi-sandu.html
The Council is offered to recognize Belarus by the aggressor state
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725038-u-radi-proponuut-viznati-bilorus-derzavouagresorom.html
Our troops moved into the depth of the enemy in several sections in the Bakhmut direction - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/nashi-vijska-prosunulysya-v-glybynu-protyvnyka-na-kilkoh-dilyankah-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-ganna-malyar/
In Kherson, five communities have problems with water due to the drainage of the Kakhovka reservoir
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725039-na-hersonsini-pat-gromad-maut-problemi-z-vodou-cerez-osusenna-kahovskogo-vodoshovisa.html
The National Service and the Rush Foundation Charitable Foundation have signed a memorandum of cooperation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725041-nacsocsluzba-i-blagodijnij-fond-rush-foundation-pidpisali-memorandum-pro-spivpracu.html
Stay live and work in Lithuania plans one third of Ukrainian refugees
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724998-zalisitisa-ziti-ta-pracuvati-u-litvi-planue-tretina-ukrainskih-bizenciv.html
There is no such fortifications or reserves that will stop Ukraine - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725044-zelenskij-nemae-u-derzavizla-takih-fortifikacij-ci-rezerviv-aki-zupinat-ukrainu.html
The Russians fired the border of Chernihiv and Sumy region from mortars - 35 "arrivals"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725045-rosiani-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini-ta-sumsini-z-minometiv-35-prilotiv.html
Wiser risks missing youth Euro 2023 from football
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725046-mudrik-rizikue-propustiti-molodiznij-evro2023-z-futbolu.html
The National Council was discussed with Polish colleagues to counteract information terrorism
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725043-u-nacradi-obgovorili-z-polskimi-kolegami-protidiu-informacijnomu-terorizmu.html
President: We do not have lost combat positions, only released
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725049-prezident-u-nas-nemae-vtracenih-bojovih-pozicij-tilki-zvilneni.html
Zelensky noted the assault unit of GRU "Artan"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725048-zelenskij-vidznaciv-sturmovij-pidrozdil-gur-artan.html
In Russian captivity, doctors from Mariupol remain - coordination
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724895-u-rosijskomu-poloni-zalisautsa-mediki-z-mariupola-koordstab.html
Zelensky announced a significant continuation of defensive cooperation with Britain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725051-zelenskij-anonsuvav-vagome-prodovzenna-oboronnoi-spivpraci-z-britanieu.html
Ribrov: We only work together for 10 days ...
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725052-rebrov-mi-lise-10-dniv-razom-pracuemo.html
Stay live and work in Lithuania plans one third of Ukrainian refugees
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724998-zalisitisa-ziti-ta-pracuvati-u-litvi-planue-tretina-ukrainskih-bizenciv.html
Kuleba: Ukrainian prisoners were taken to Hungary in the political interests of Orban
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725056-kuleba-ukrainskih-polonenih-vivezli-do-ugorsini-v-politicnih-interesah-orbana.html
Macron has announced that Ukraine has already received the SAMP/T Anti -Receive Complex
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725060-makron-ogolosiv-so-ukraina-vze-otrimala-protiraketnij-kompleks-sampt.html
England's football players defeated the Northern Macedonians in Euro-2024 qualification
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725058-futbolisti-anglii-rozgromili-pivnicnih-makedonciv-u-kvalifikacii-evro2024.html
In Berdyansk and Melitopol directions, 8 settlements - Anna Malyar - were released in two weeks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/na-berdyanskomu-ta-melitopolskomu-napryamkah-za-dva-tyzhni-zvilneno-8-naselenyh-punktiv-ganna-malyar/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Army Irina Klimets won "gold" at the world tournament in Estonia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/armijka-iryna-klymecz-vyborola-zoloto-na-svitovomu-turniri-v-estoniyi/
Mikhail Fedorov: Our task is to create the best conditions for the development of Ukrainian UAVs in the world
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/nashe-zavdannya-stvoryty-najkrashhi-u-sviti-umovy-dlya-rozvytku-ukrayinskyh-bpla-myhajlo-fedorov/
The National Service and the Rush Foundation Charitable Foundation have signed a memorandum of cooperation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725041-nacsocsluzba-i-blagodijnij-fond-rush-foundation-pidpisali-memorandum-pro-spivpracu.html
In Tavriya, there is a promotion of defense forces - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-ye-prosuvannya-syl-oborony-ganna-malyar/
The army will receive more drone - Vladimir Gavrilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/vijsko-otrymaye-bilshe-bezpilotnykiv-volodymyr-gavrylov/
The Armed Forces delegation took part in a meeting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/delegacziya-zsu-vzyala-uchast-u-zustrichi-komanduvachiv-operatyvnyh-komanduvan-zs-krayin-vyshegradskoyi-chetvirky/
Vladimir Gavrilov told how the repair of OVT of foreign production was organized
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/volodymyr-gavrylov-rozpoviv-yak-organizovano-remont-ovt-inozemnogo-vyrobnycztva/
Almost three thousand people have been evacuated from Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/z-hersonshhyny-evakujovano-majzhe-try-tysyachi-osib/
There is no such fortifications or reserves that will stop Ukraine - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725044-zelenskij-nemae-u-derzavizla-takih-fortifikacij-ci-rezerviv-aki-zupinat-ukrainu.html
Anna Malyar told about the outrages of the Russians in the temporarily occupied territory of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/ganna-malyar-rozpovila-pro-bezchynstva-rosiyan-na-tymchasovo-okupovanij-terytoriyi-ukrayiny/
After blasting the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant, water samples are taken daily
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/pislya-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-proby-vody-berutsya-shhodnya/
Wanted to disrupt the counter -offensive of the Armed Forces: detained by a Russian agent who prepared the blast of tracks in Dnipropetrovsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/vykryto-spivrobitnyka-ukrzaliznyczi-yakyj-peredavav-vorogu-dani-pro-peremishhennya-syl-oborony/
Russia has reduced the number of rocket carriers in the Black Sea to one
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/rosiya-zmenshyla-kilkist-raketonosiyiv-u-chornomu-mori-do-odnogo/
Ukraine does not send official requests to the Russian side for specific prisoners of war - coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/ukrayina-ne-nadsylaye-oficzijni-zapyty-rosijskij-storoni-shhodo-konkretnyh-vijskovopolonenyh-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
The International Sun Sports Federation (FIL) continued with the removal of Russians from competitions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/mizhnarodna-federacziya-sannogo-sportu-fil-prodovzhyla-vidstoronennya-rosiyan-vid-zmagan/
How to deal with a person who returned from the front?
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/yak-povodytysya-z-lyudynoyu-yaka-povernulas-z-frontu/
The Russians fired the border of Chernihiv and Sumy region from mortars - 35 "arrivals"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725045-rosiani-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini-ta-sumsini-z-minometiv-35-prilotiv.html
On June 20, Military Media Center will take place a briefing on elimination of the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/20-chervnya-u-military-media-center-vidbudetsya-bryfing-shhodo-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
Ukraine and the world - against Russian aggression - external intelligence service
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-sluzhba-zovnishnoyi-rozvidky/
When the ruins disappear, it will lose not just the aggressor, but the very idea of ​​aggression - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/koly-ruyiny-znykayut-to-prograye-ne-prosto-agresor-a-sama-ideya-agresiyi-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Tips for parents for safe evacuation with a child
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/porady-batkam-dlya-bezpechnoyi-evakuacziyi-z-dytynoyu/
During the day through Russian shelling three civilians were killed, eight more were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/za-dobu-cherez-rosijski-obstrily-troye-czyvilnyh-osib-zagynuly-shhe-visim-poraneni/
Artillerymen about their work: "fill" as much as possible and as accurately as possible
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/artylerysty-37-okremoyi-brygady-morskoyi-pihoty-zavzhdy-gotovi-pidtrymaty-vognem-pihotyncziv-pid-chas-shturmovyh-dij/
Putin's image who personally tells about events in Ukraine - the hardest drug for Russian propaganda
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/obraz-putina-yakyj-osobysto-rozpovidaye-pro-podiyi-v-ukrayiny-%e2%80%95-najvazhchyj-narkotyk-dlya-rosijskoyi-propagandy/
The enemy concentrates efforts in four directions, a day - 24 combat collisions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/protyvnyk-zoseredzhuye-zusyllya-na-chotyroh-napryamkah-za-dobu-24-bojovyh-zitknennya/
In the southern direction, the SCO soldiers destroyed 10 invaders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/na-pivdennomu-napryamku-voyiny-sso-znyshhyly-10-okupantiv/
The Kherson region is affected by the Russian Brigade Office
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/na-hersonshhyni-urazheno-punkt-upravlinnya-rosijskoyi-brygady/
Wiser risks missing youth Euro 2023 from football
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725046-mudrik-rizikue-propustiti-molodiznij-evro2023-z-futbolu.html
The Prosecutor General's Office has documented more than 111,000 crimes against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/ofis-generalnogo-prokurora-zadokumentuvav-ponad-111-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-ukrayiny/
The air defense forces destroyed all eight enemy air targets at night
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/syly-ppo-vnochi-znyshhyly-vsi-visim-vorozhyh-povitryanyh-czilej/
In the Kherson region, over 14,000 consumers remain without light through Kakhovskaya Hydroe Hep.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/na-hersonshhyni-cherez-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-zalyshayutsya-bez-svitla-ponad-14-tysyach-spozhyvachiv/
In five months, the government has allocated more than UAH 550 billion to Ukraine's security and defense forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/za-pyat-misyacziv-uryad-vydilyv-na-syly-bezpeky-ta-oborony-ukrayiny-ponad-550-mlrd-grn/
Ukraine has received millions of Russian assets that provided Rosarmia products
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/ukrayina-otrymala-miljonni-aktyvy-rosiyanyna-yakyj-zabezpechuvav-produktamy-rosijskyh-sylovykiv/
In Kherson, after the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant, water went away by 20 centimeters a day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/u-hersoni-pislya-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-voda-za-dobu-vidijshla-na-20-santymetriv/
The decisions we make in Vilnius will bring Ukraine closer to NATO - Jens Stoltenberg
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/rishennya-yaki-my-pryjmemo-u-vilnyusi-nablyzyt-ukrayinu-do-nato-yens-stoltenberg/
The Defense Ministry called weapons and equipment most needed by the army
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/u-minoborony-nazvaly-ozbroyennya-ta-tehniku-yakoyi-najbilshe-potrebuye-vijsko/
Orbital instructors have prepared thousands of defenders of Ukraine and this is an example for other partners - Alexander Polishchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/instruktory-orbital-pidgotuvaly-tysyachi-zahysnykiv-ukrayiny-i-cze-pryklad-dlya-inshyh-partneriv-oleksandr-polishhuk/
The occupiers did not allow the UN mission to the inhabitants affected by the Kakhovsky Hydroe
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/okupanty-ne-dopustyly-misiyu-oon-do-zhyteliv-yaki-postrazhdaly-vid-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
Ukrainian fighters fight the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/ukrayinski-bijczi-boryatsya-z-naslidkamy-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-gidroelektrostancziyi/
The National Council was discussed with Polish colleagues to counteract information terrorism
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725043-u-nacradi-obgovorili-z-polskimi-kolegami-protidiu-informacijnomu-terorizmu.html
On June 22, a charity photo exhibition "Flowers of War" will start in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/22-chervnya-u-kyyevi-startuye-blagodijna-fotovystavka-kvity-vijny/
The first footage from the liberated village in Zaporozhye
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/pershi-kadry-iz-zvilnenogo-sela-na-zaporizhzhi/
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant: more than 800 houses remain flooded in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-na-hersonshhyni-pidtoplenymy-lyshayetsya-ponad-800-budynkiv/
In Kherson region, the middle level of flooding has decreased to 80 cm mark
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/na-hersonshhyni-serednij-riven-pidtoplennya-znyzyvsya-do-poznachky-u-80-sm/
The enemy leaves no attempt to go to the borders of Donetsk and Luhansk region - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/vorog-ne-zalyshaye-sprob-vyjty-na-kordony-donechchyny-ta-luganshhyny-ganna-malyar/
Over 100 explosive items were neutralized by pyrotechnics per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/ponad-100-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-zneshkodyly-pirotehniky-za-dobu/
As the Five Warriors of the Transcarpathian Brigade were released
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/yak-zvilnyaly-pyatyhatky-voyiny-zakarpatskoyi-brygady/
Volodymyr Zelensky had a telephone conversation with Prime Minister Richa Sunak
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/volodymyr-zelenskyj-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-premyer-ministrom-velykoyi-brytaniyi-rishi-sunakom/
The All -Ukrainian Song Contest YUNA 2023 was held under the slogan "Songs of Unbreakable Ukraine"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/vseukrayinskyj-pisennyj-konkurs-yuna-2023-vidbuvsya-pid-gaslom-pisni-nezlamnoyi-ukrayiny/
The most focused on two topics: Fronts and offensive brigades - the President held a rate meeting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/maksymalno-zoseredylasya-na-dvoh-temah-fronti-ta-brygadah-nastupu-prezydent-proviv-zasidannya-stavky/
President: We do not have lost combat positions, only released
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725049-prezident-u-nas-nemae-vtracenih-bojovih-pozicij-tilki-zvilneni.html
The occupiers fired 15 settlements of Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/okupanty-obstrilyaly-15-naselenyh-punktiv-donechchyny/
Destroyed equipment of the Russian Federation was shown in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/znyshhenu-tehniku-rf-pokazaly-v-kyyevi/
Kakhovskaya HPP: Problems and Prospects for Agrarian Sector Recovery
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/kahovska-ges-problemy-ta-perspektyvy-vidnovlennya-agrarnogo-sektoru/
Russian hackers are trying to access the mailboxes Ukr.net - State Security
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/fishyngovymy-lystamy-hakery-rf-namagayutsya-distaty-dostup-do-poshtovyh-skrynok-ukr-net-derzhspeczzvyazok/
Aviation of Defense Forces made 15 beats in the areas of focus of enemy personnel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-15-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-osobovogo-skladu-protyvnyka/
Hungary ignores Ukraine's attempts to establish a dialogue on the return of 11 Ukrainian prisoners of war - Foreign Ministry
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/ugorshhyna-ignoruye-sproby-ukrayiny-nalagodyty-dialog-shhodo-povernennya-11-ukrayinskyh-vijskovopolonenyh-mzs/
A whole arsenal of hostile weapons has been discovered in Kharkiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/na-harkivshhyni-vyyavleno-czilyj-arsenal-vorozhoyi-zbroyi/
Ruslan Stefanchuk discussed with a French National Assembly Representative Defense Assistance to Ukraine and NATO membership
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/ruslan-stefanchuk-obgovoryv-z-predstavnykom-naczionalnyh-zboriv-francziyi-oboronnu-dopomogu-ukrayini-ta-chlenstvo-v-nato/
Denis Shmigal discussed with Prime Minister Bangladesh Global Challenges because of Russia's War against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/denys-shmygal-obgovoryv-z-premyer-ministrom-bangladesh-globalni-vyklyky-cherez-vijnu-rosiyi-proty-ukrayiny/
What to do after flooding: Useful Tips - Minireintegration
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/shho-robyty-pislya-pidtoplennya-korysni-porady-minre/
As a result of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, the house-museum of Pauline Rayko was destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/vnaslidok-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-znyshheno-budynok-muzej-poliny-rajko/
Zelensky noted the assault unit of GRU "Artan"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725048-zelenskij-vidznaciv-sturmovij-pidrozdil-gur-artan.html
39 combat clashes took place in Donetsk region per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/na-donechchyni-za-dobu-vidbulos-39-bojovyh-zitknen/
Volodymyr Zelensky had a telephone conversation with the President of the World Bank
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/volodymyr-zelenskyj-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-prezydentom-svitovogo-banku/
The theme of nuclear weapons Russians are constantly thrown as a tool of blackmail - Anna painter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/temu-yadernoyi-zbroyi-rosiyany-postijno-vkydayut-yak-instrument-shantazhu-ganna-malyar/
Russian occupation troops continue to suffer great losses on the battlefield
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/rosijski-okupaczijni-vijska-prodovzhuyut-zaznavaty-velykyh-vtrat-na-poli-boyu/
In the Limano-Kupian direction, the enemy began to use outdated T-62 tanks-Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/na-lymano-kupyanskomu-napryamku-vorog-pochav-vykorystovuvaty-zastarili-tanky-t-62-sergij-cherevatyj/
The uncontrolled discharge of the huge volume of water of the Kakhovka reservoir is equal to the needs of Ukraine in water for a year and a half
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/nekontrolovane-skydannya-velycheznogo-obyemu-vody-kahovskogo-vodoshovyshha-dorivnyuye-potrebam-ukrayiny-u-vodi-na-15-roky/
There is no such fortifications or reserves that will stop Ukraine-President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/nemaye-u-derzhavy-zla-takyh-fortyfikaczij-chy-rezerviv-yaki-zupynyat-ukrayinu-prezydent/
All NPPs of Ukraine have been rotated by the MAEA missions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/na-vsih-aes-ukrayiny-vidbulysya-rotacziyi-misij-magate/
Operation is planned: Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces showed work in one of the headquarters on the front line
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/operacziya-jde-za-planom-golovnokomanduvach-zsu-pokazav-robotu-v-odnomu-zi-shtabiv-na-peredovij/
Short. War. Day 481. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/korotko-vijna-den-481-videodajdzhest/
In Russian captivity, doctors from Mariupol remain - coordination
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724895-u-rosijskomu-poloni-zalisautsa-mediki-z-mariupola-koordstab.html
The Ministers of Justice of Britain and France discussed the support of the ISS work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725064-ministri-usticii-britanii-ta-francii-obgovorili-pidtrimku-roboti-mks.html
Ukraine is forecast to heat up to +30 °, in some places rains and thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724874-ukraini-na-zavtra-prognozuut-speku-do-30-podekudi-dosi-ta-grozi.html
Russians in a day 16 times fired at Sumy region, are dead and wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725063-rosiani-za-den-16-raziv-obstrilali-sumsinu-e-zagiblij-i-poraneni.html
In the south of Ukraine - rocket danger
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725061-na-pivdni-ukraini-raketna-nebezpeka.html
In the south of Ukraine - rocket danger
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725061-na-pivdni-ukraini-raketna-nebezpeka.html
Russians in a day 16 times fired at Sumy region, are dead and wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725063-rosiani-za-den-16-raziv-obstrilali-sumsinu-e-zagiblij-i-poraneni.html
Ukraine is forecast to heat up to +30 °, in some places rains and thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724874-ukraini-na-zavtra-prognozuut-speku-do-30-podekudi-dosi-ta-grozi.html
The Ministers of Justice of Britain and France discussed the support of the ISS work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725064-ministri-usticii-britanii-ta-francii-obgovorili-pidtrimku-roboti-mks.html
In Zaporozhye explosions - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725065-u-zaporizzi-prolunali-vibuhi-zmi.html
Cyberatics on Ukr.net: Malimists send phishing letters on behalf of technical support
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/kiberataka-na-ukr-net-zlovmysnyky-nadsylayut-fishyngovi-lysty-vid-imeni-tehpidtrymky/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====