乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-04-18

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Svesa, Shalyhyne, Bunyaky...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4513
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Novomlynsk, Dvorichna, Zapadne and Kindrashivka of...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4514
Donetsk Oblast(21:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43232
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(22:17). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43233
Sumska Oblast(22:18). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43234
Poltavska Oblast(22:48). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43235
Zaporizka Oblast(00:19). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43236
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(00:26). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43237
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(00:35). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43238
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(00:53). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43239
Zaporizka Oblast, Donetsk Oblast(04:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cove...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43249
Security primarily: how our warriors study to prevent mistakes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/bezpeka-persh-za-vse-yak-nashi-voyiny-navchayutsya-shhob-ne-dopuskaty-pomylok/
During the year of the war, Poland assisted Ukraine in the amount of nearly 11 billion euros
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/svit-prodovzhuye-dopomagaty-ukrayini-sluzhba-zovnishnoyi-rozvidky-ukrayiny/
The royal brigade continues to destroy the occupiers in Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/brygada-imeni-korolya-danyla-trymaye-strij-ta-prodovzhuye-nyshhyty-okupantiv-na-donechchyni/
Russian Federation loses income from oil and gas sales
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/rf-zaznala-45-zmenshennya-dohodiv-vid-prodazhu-nafty-ta-gazu-v-pershomu-kvartali-sankcziyi-v-diyi/
Ukraine and the world - against Russian aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-sluzhba-zovnishnoyi-rozvidky-ukrayiny-3/
In Kharkiv region, border guards landed "Shahaned"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/na-harkivshhyni-prykordonnyky-pryzemlyly-shahed/
Review of fakes and misinformation campaigns that spread the media of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/informaczijna-vijna-oglyad-fejkiv-ta-dezinformaczijnyh-kampanij/
Scouts showed how the American helicopter Black Hawk is using
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/rozvidnyky-pokazaly-yak-vykorystovuyut-amerykanskyj-vertolit-black-hawk/
Aviation of Defense Forces of Ukraine has struck 5 beats in the areas of focus of invaders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/aviacziya-syl-oborony-ukrayiny-zavdala-5-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv/
Our artillery struck the control point, SPR and 2 warehouses of the invaders ammunition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/nasha-artyleriya-urazyla-punkt-upravlinnya-zrk-ta-2-sklady-boyeprypasiv-okupantiv/
The Armed Forces reflected more than 60 enemy attacks in Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/zsu-vidbyly-ponad-60-atak-protyvnyka-na-donechchyni/
Enemy Loss per day: Almost 600 invaders were eliminated, 3 tanks and 9 artisystems were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-majzhe-600-okupantiv-znyshheno-3-tanky-i-9-artsystem/
Ilya Kovtun Army became a European Gymnastics Champion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/armiyecz-illya-kovtun-stav-chempionom-yevropy-zi-sportyvnoyi-gimnastyky/
Sweden begins the largest Aurora's military exercises 23. Ukraine will also take part
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/shvecziya-rozpochynaye-najbilshi-za-25-rokiv-vijskovi-navchannya-aurora-23-ukrayina-tezh-bratyme-uchast/
What did the occupiers fired Ukraine for Easter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/chym-okupanty-obstrilyuvaly-ukrayinu-na-velykden/
The provision of F-16 aircraft to Ukraine is, in particular, the issue of nuclear security of Europe-Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/nadannya-ukrayini-litakiv-f-16-cze-zokrema-pytannya-yadernoyi-bezpeky-yevropy-yurij-ignat/
G7 ministers have agreed to strengthen control over compliance with anti -Russian sanctions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/ministry-g7-domovylysya-posylyty-kontrol-za-dotrymannyam-antyrosijskyh-sankczij/
In the conditions of sanction pressure, the Russians try to resuscitate the old projects - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/v-umovah-sankczijnogo-tysku-rosiyany-namagayutsya-reanimuvaty-stari-proyekty-yurij-ignat/
SESS Operational Information on the Consequences of Fighting by the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/operatyvna-informacziya-dsns-shhodo-naslidkiv-vedennya-bojovyh-dij-rosijskoyu-federacziyeyu-3/
About the circumstances of the disappearance of the defender information is provided
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/pro-obstavyny-znyknennya-zahysnyka-informacziyu-nadayut-terczentry-komplektuvannya/
Russians from mortars twice fired at the border of Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/rosiyany-z-minometiv-dvichi-obstrilyaly-prykordonnya-chernigivshhyny/
Canada will pass Ukraine confiscated in Russia An-124 aircraft
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/kanada-peredast-ukrayini-konfiskovanyj-u-rosiyi-litak-an-124/
Prompt information on the work of pyrotechnic units of the SES of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/operatyvna-informacziya-shhodo-roboty-pirotehnichnyh-pidrozdiliv-dsns-ukrayiny/
Slovakia has completed the transfer of 13 MiG-29 fighters to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/slovachchyna-zavershyla-peredachu-ukrayini-13-vynyshhuvachiv-mig-29/
Alexei Dmitrashkivsky told about the maneuvers of the Russians in the Tavriysk direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/oleksij-dmytrashkivskyj-rozpoviv-pro-manevry-rosiyan-na-tavrijskomu-napryamku/
In the Marinka area, the enemy has intensified the use of aviation - Alexei Dmitrashkivsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/u-rajoni-maryinky-vorog-aktyvizuvav-zastosuvannya-aviacziyi-oleksij-dmytrashkivskyj/
During the day the enemy fired at 7 regions of Ukraine, four civilians were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/za-dobu-vorog-obstrilyav-7-oblastej-ukrayiny-chetvero-czyvilnyh-poraneno/
Finland began the construction of a fence on the border with Russia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/finlyandiya-rozpochala-zvedennya-zagorodzhuvalnogo-parkanu-na-kordoni-z-rosiyeyu/
The DNA of the Defender will digitize and store in the personal affair of the military - Ministry of Reintegration
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/dnk-zahysnyka-oczyfrovuvatymut-ta-zberigatymut-v-osobovij-spravi-vijskovogo-minreintegracziyi/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 80 thousand military crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-80-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv-2/
P ’ G7 countries have signed a nuclear fuel agreement that aims to isolate Putin's Russia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/pyat-krayin-g7-pidpysaly-ugodu-pro-yaderne-palyvo-yaka-maye-na-meti-izolyuvaty-putinsku-rosiyu/
There are 7 enemy ships in the Black Sea on combat duty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/u-chornomu-mori-na-bojovomu-cherguvanni-perebuvaye-7-vorozhyh-korabliv/
Provided the transfer of occupiers and equipment from the Russian Federation - the former "Chief of the Kherson Station" was detained
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/zabezpechuvav-perepravlennya-okupantiv-ta-tehniky-z-rf-zatrymano-kolyshnogo-nachalnyka-vokzalu-herson/
The suspicion of an online agitator from Transcarpathia was reported, who spread posts to support the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-internet-agitatoru-iz-zakarpattya-yakyj-poshyryuvav-dopysy-na-pidtrymku-rf/
Land troops showed how our artillerymen destroyed enemy SCR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/suhoputni-vijska-pokazaly-yak-nashi-artylerysty-znyshhyly-vorozhyj-zrk/
Anakonda-23 training begins in Poland, which will participate in more than 13,000 military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/u-polshhi-rozpochynayutsya-navchannya-anakonda-23-v-yakyh-bratymut-uchast-ponad-13-tysyach-vijskovyh/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Ukrainians have one big goal - victory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/volodymyr-zelenskyj-v-ukrayincziv-odna-velyka-meta-peremoga/
Armed Forces Security and the situation on the forefront: President has bid
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/zabezpechennya-zsu-ozbroyennyam-ta-sytuacziya-na-peredovij-prezydent-proviv-stavku/
Army Elena Starikova won gold at the International Tournament in Belgium
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/armijka-olena-starikova-zavoyuvala-zoloto-na-mizhnarodnomu-turniri-v-belgiyi/
Ukraine, during a recent exchange of prisoners, handed over the Russian Federation to P ’
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/ukrayina-pid-chas-neshhodavnogo-obminu-polonenymy-peredala-rf-pyatoh-musulman/
Angelina Lomachinskaya, Angelina Lomachinskay
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/predstavnyczya-zsu-angelina-lomachynska-vygrala-dvi-medali-chempionatu-yevropy-z-vazhkoyi-atletyky/
The Spirit of America Foundation handed over 4 Ford Ranger SUVs to Ukrainian soldiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/fond-spirit-of-america-peredav-ukrayinskym-voyinam-pershi-4-pozashlyahovyky-ford-ranger/
Dmytro Kuleba in Baghdad: Ukraine and Iraq open a new bilateral relationship page
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/dmytro-kuleba-ukrayina-ta-irak-vidkryvayut-novu-storinku-dvostoronnih-vidnosyn/
Three Army athletes won medals in fencing competitions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/try-armijski-sportsmenky-vyboroly-medali-na-zmagannyah-z-fehtuvannya/
In Britain, Norway National Guard instructors conduct fire training of Ukrainian military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/u-brytaniyi-instruktory-naczgvardiyi-norvegiyi-provodyat-vognevu-pidgotovku-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/
In Mykolaiv region close prisoners met with representatives of the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/na-mykolayivshhyni-blyzki-polonenyh-zahysnykiv-zustrilysya-z-predstavnykamy-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu/
Reported suspicion of a personnel employee of the FSB of the Russian Federation who tortured Kherson
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-kadrovomu-spivrobitnyku-fsb-rf-yakyj-katuvav-hersoncziv/
Up to 12 years in prison is threatened by a journalist of the Prokremlovskaya newspaper: distorts events in favor of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/do-12-rokiv-uvyaznennya-zagrozhuye-zastupnyczi-golovreda-prokremlivskoyi-gazety-zaperechuye-zbrojnu-agresiyu-rf/
Ukraine's military intelligence officers were handed over more than UAH 11 million
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/voyennym-rozvidnykam-ukrayiny-peredaly-partiyu-dopomogy-na-sumu-ponad-11-mln-grn/
In the Kyiv region, military together with local authorities promptly gave a pontoon crossing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/na-kyyivshhyni-inzhenerni-pidrozdily-zsu-ta-organy-misczevoyi-vlady-operatyvno-navely-pontonnu-perepravu/
Divisions of missile troops and artillery impressed 2 areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/pidrozdily-raketnyh-vijsk-i-artyleriyi-urazyly-2-rajony-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
The grouping of the Joint Forces became the eastern shield at the beginning of a large -scale invasion - Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/ugrupovannya-obyednanyh-syl-stalo-shidnym-shhytom-na-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnogo-vtorgnennya-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
We are preparing for the next meeting in Ramstein format - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/gotuyemosya-do-chergovoyi-zustrichi-u-formati-ramshtajn-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Artillerymen showed how to destroy the enemy from the gun L119
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/artylerysty-pokazaly-yak-znyshhuyut-voroga-z-garmaty-l119/
Our defenders repelled over 50 enemy attacks in 5 directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/na-5-napryamkah-nashi-zahysnyky-vidbyly-ponad-50-atak-protyvnyka/
Today the enemy was information on our losses - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/sogodni-vorog-informaczijno-robyv-akczent-na-nashyh-vtratah-ganna-malyar/
The enemy reduced the assault activity in the coal direction - Alexey Dmitrashkivsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/vorog-znyzyv-shturmovu-aktyvnist-na-vugledarskomu-napryamku-oleksij-dmytrashkivskyj/
In Donetsk, 200 newly invaders are looking for a reason to avoid participating in hostilities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/na-donechchyni-200-novoyavlenyh-okupantiv-shukayut-pryvid-unyknuty-uchasti-u-bojovyh-diyah/
Ukrainians have purchased over 700,000 military bonds in action
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/ukrayinczi-prydbaly-ponad-700-tysyach-vijskovyh-obligaczij-u-diyi/
Russian military real inhumans who are ready to kill children and women - intercepting the SBU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/rosijski-vijskovi-spravzhni-nelyudy-yaki-gotovi-vbyvaty-ditej-i-zhinok-perehoplennya-sbu/
Russian troops twice fired at Sumy region border
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/rosijski-vijska-dvichi-obstrilyaly-prykordonnya-sumskoyi-oblasti/
Short. War. Day 418. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/korotko-vijna-den-418-videodajdzhest/
Stoltenberg urges the world to strengthen Ukraine's support
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697684-stoltenberg-zaklikae-svit-posiliti-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
Brazil's position on the war of the Russian Federation against Ukraine does not correspond to neutrality - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3697682-pozicia-brazilii-sodo-vijni-rf-proti-ukraini-ne-vidpovidae-nejtralitetu-bilij-dim.html
Declared suspicion of a man who broke the camera journalists in Lavra's territory
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3697486-ogolosili-pidozru-coloviku-akij-zlamav-zurnalistam-kameru-na-teritorii-lavri.html
The UN is said to be ready to curtail their activities in Afghanistan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697680-v-oon-kazut-so-gotovi-zgornuti-svou-dialnist-v-afganistani.html
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled Topoli, Krasne First, Novomlinsk, two -year -old Andes from ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4523
In the State Duma of the Russian Federation hinted at the possibility of general mobilization
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697679-u-derzdumi-rf-nataknuli-na-mozlivist-zagalnoi-mobilizacii.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Stelmakhivka, Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region a...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4524
President noted the fighters who find and destroy enemy positions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697678-prezident-vidznaciv-bijciv-aki-viavlaut-i-znisuut-vorozi-pozicii.html
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Minkivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarkov ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4525
JSC Avdiivka Directioz Rusyan Army Shelled Kerramik, Novokalinova, Berdyshi, Avdiivka, Tone ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4526
The aircraft knocked down five drones -Kamikadze over Zaporozhye - Yermak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3697676-ppo-zbila-pat-dronivkamikadze-nad-zaporizzam-ermak.html
The President held a meeting on the security and socio-economic situation in Poltava region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3697674-zelenskij-proviv-naradu-sodo-bezpekovoi-ta-socialnoekonomicnoi-situacii-na-poltavsini.html
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Krasnohorivka, Pobyeda and Novomykhaylivka, - Gene...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4527
Zelensky: inspires when you see Ukrainian determination and know that the victory will be
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697675-zelenskij-nadihae-koli-bacis-ukrainsku-risucist-i-znaes-so-peremoga-bude.html
AT Shakhtarsk Directive Russian Army Shelle Shakhtarsk, Novoorokaka, great Novoselka, not ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4528
The enemy fired at Sumy region and Chernihiv region four times a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697673-vorog-za-dobu-cotiri-razi-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-ta-cernigivsini.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Novopil of Donetsk regi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4529
Zelensky visited a medical institution in Poltava region, where wounded military Armed Forces are treated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697670-zelenskij-vidvidav-medicnij-zaklad-na-poltavsini-de-likuutsa-poraneni-vijskovi-zsu.html
Representatives of the French Embassy visited a military town in Gostomel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3697669-predstavniki-posolstva-francii-vidvidali-vijskove-mistecko-v-gostomeli.html
In the US, they have charged several Russians for spreading propaganda in the country
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697666-u-ssa-visunuli-zvinuvacenna-kilkom-rosianam-za-posirenna-propagandi-v-kraini.html
The Russians during the day fired six communities of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697664-rosiani-protagom-dobi-obstrilali-sist-gromad-sumsini.html
Former MP Oleg Barna was killed during the fighting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697662-pid-cas-bojovih-dij-zaginuv-eksnardep-oleg-barna.html
The court enlarged the pledge for another organizer of "blogger parties"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3697660-sud-zbilsiv-zastavu-dla-se-odnogo-organizatora-blogerskih-vecirok.html
In Ukraine on Wednesday - short -term rains, warm up to +17 ° in the afternoon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3697508-v-ukraini-u-seredu-korotkocasni-dosi-vden-progrie-do-17.html
Pentagon confirmed: the first BMP "Bradley" is already in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697658-pentagon-pidtverdiv-persi-bmp-bradley-vze-v-ukraini.html
Zelensky discussed with the speaker of the House of Representatives of USA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3697656-zelenskij-obgovoriv-zi-spikerom-palati-predstavnikiv-ssa-posilenna-sankcijnogo-tisku-na-rf.html
The Government restricted access to Russian companies to the Ukrainian subsoil market
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3697654-urad-obmeziv-dostup-rosijskih-kompanij-na-ukrainskij-rinok-nadrokoristuvanna.html
Ukrainian weightlifter Gangur won two medals at the European Championships
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3697653-ukrainska-vazkoatletka-gangur-zdobula-dvi-medali-na-cempionati-evropi.html
The Cabinet of Ministers adopted a resolution on deprivation of a sports federation of national status in case of competitions with Russians and Belarusians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3697648-kabmin-prijnav-postanovu-pro-pozbavlenna-sportivnoi-federacii-statusu-nacionalnoi-u-razi-ucasti-u-zmagannah-z-rosianami-ta-bilorusami.html
In Mariupol, tanks are fixed in the direction of Novoazovsk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697647-u-mariupoli-fiksuut-ruh-tankiv-u-napramku-novoazovska.html
States and NATO have not seen signs of moving nuclear weapons from Russia to Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697646-stati-j-nato-poki-ne-bacili-oznak-peremisenna-adernoi-zbroi-z-rosii-v-bilorus.html
The enemy hit the Nikopol district: damaged houses and solar panels
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697645-vorog-udariv-po-nikopolskomu-rajonu-poskodzeni-budinki-j-sonacni-paneli.html
Germany handed Ukraine to Ukraine Patriot system
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697643-nimeccina-peredala-ukraini-sistemu-ppo-patriot.html
According to Kremlin Putin visited military HQs in occupied regions of Ukraine
https://t.me/rian_ru/200117
Poltavska Oblast(07:44). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/10815
Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Zaporizhzhya region, Donetsk region (...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43258
Chernihivska Oblast(08:13). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/17695
Sumska Oblast(08:14). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43260
Chernihivska Oblast(08:58). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43269
Sumska Oblast(09:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43270
Lukashenka met with the chief of Russian occupation authorities in Donetsk region of Ukraine ...
https://t.me/pul_1/8745
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Sosnivka, Popivka and Isk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4522
Donetsk Oblast(10:55). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43271
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4530
Poltavska Oblast(11:21). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/10820
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Zaporizhzhya region (11:21). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Su ...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/18-april-dnipro-dnipropetrovska-oblast-zaporig
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(11:25). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43277
Chernihivska Oblast(11:59). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43284
Putin's visit to occupied part of Kherson region of Ukraine geolocated to Schaslyvtseve
https://twitter.com/hochu_dodomu/status/1648257050340741122
1 person killed, 6 wounded as result of shelling in central Kherson
https://twitter.com/Irina61032137/status/1648259063229054976
Donetsk Oblast(13:00). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43285
Flooding in several areas near Dnipro river, red level of emergency declared in several regions
https://twitter.com/UKRINFORM/status/1648283857475518465
At least 8 wounded as result of shelling of Ukrainsk in Donetsk region
https://twitter.com/kava2022/status/1648284770084765697
President of Ukraine Zelensky visited frontline in Avdiivka
https://twitter.com/Novynarnia/status/1648301117527261186
Russian army shelled Orikhiv with incendiary ammunition
https://t.me/UkraineNow/31842
Zaporizka Oblast(18:36). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43292
Donetsk Oblast(19:27). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43294
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(19:41). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43295
The enemy increased the number of "caliber" carriers in the Black Sea - total volley 24 rockets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697464-vorog-zbilsiv-kilkist-nosiiv-kalibriv-u-cornomu-mori-zagalnij-zalp-24-raketi.html
Israel stopped under the sounds of sirens to honor the memory of 6 million Holocaust victims
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697467-izrail-zupinivsa-pid-zvuki-siren-sob-vsanuvati-pamat-6-miljoniv-zertv-golokostu.html
Romania's governing party will ask the government to suspend grain imports from Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3697471-kerivna-partia-rumunii-prositime-urad-prizupiniti-import-zerna-z-ukraini.html
Kuleba invited Kuwait to join Ukraine's reconstruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3697472-kuleba-zaprosiv-kuvejt-dolucitisa-do-vidbudovi-ukraini.html
SpaceX has announced a new date of launching Starship rocket
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3697473-spacex-ogolosila-novu-datu-zapusku-raketi-starship.html
Human rights activists demand immediately to release illegally detainees in the Russian Federation Crimean Tatarka Umerov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3697474-pravozahisniki-vimagaut-negajno-zvilniti-nezakonno-zatrimanu-v-rf-krimsku-tatarku-umerovu.html
In Russia, the "Immortal Regiment" was abolished on May 9
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697475-u-rosii-skasuvali-hodu-bezsmertnogo-polku-na-9-travna.html
Ukrainian boxer Chukhajan will fight on April 29 in Spain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3697477-ukrainskij-bokser-cuhadzan-provede-bij-29-kvitna-v-ispanii.html
Russians fired the market in Ukrainian - at least 10 wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697479-rosiani-obstrilali-rinok-v-ukrainsku-sonajmense-10-poranenih.html
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(21:01). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/23998
The Pseudo -Director of Zaporizhzhya NPPs declared suspicion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3697480-psevdodirektoru-zaporizkoi-aes-ogolosili-pidozru.html
Switzerland will assist Ukraine, but not yet a military - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697481-svejcaria-dopomagatime-ukraini-ale-poki-ne-vijskovo-prezident.html
The enemy fired at the Orkhs three times with fire shells
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697482-vorog-trici-obstrilav-orihiv-zapaluvalnimi-snaradami.html
Sumska Oblast(21:03). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43299
Zelensky visited the leading positions in Avdiivka
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697487-zelenskij-vidvidav-peredovi-pozicii-v-avdiivci.html
In Tallinn opened the exhibition "Military Awards of Ukraine during the War"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3697488-u-tallinni-vidkrili-vistavku-vijskovi-nagorodi-ukraini-pid-cas-vijni.html
Latvia announced the search for her citizen for participation in the war against Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697491-latvia-ogolosila-u-rozsuk-svogo-gromadanina-za-ucast-u-vijni-proti-ukraini.html
The Moscow Court left a detention center by American journalist Gershkovich
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697492-moskovskij-sud-zalisiv-u-sizo-amerikanskogo-zurnalista-gerskovica.html
Poland is offered to create the Himars Academy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697493-u-polsi-proponuut-stvoriti-akademiu-himars.html
Ukrainian air defense shot down 5 Shahed drones in Zaporizhzhia
https://t.me/suspilnenews/20011
About 40 annular interference will be equipped in Kiev this year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3697499-u-kievi-cogoric-oblastuut-blizko-40-kilcevih-rozvazok.html
In the Carpathian region, the Insurgent Easter was recreated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3697500-na-prikarpatti-vidtvorili-povstanskij-velikden.html
American diplomats came under fire in Sudan - Blinken
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697501-amerikanski-diplomati-potrapili-pid-obstril-u-sudani-blinken.html
Seven more special permits were sold at the auctions to use subsoil
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3697503-na-aukcionah-prodali-se-sim-specdozvoliv-na-koristuvanna-nadrami.html
UIA Aviations: International Group considers Iran's lawsuits fictitious
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697512-aviatrosa-mau-miznarodna-grupa-vvazae-sudovi-procesi-iranu-fiktivnimi.html
"Sniper Rifles on Wheels": Reznikov showed French AMX-10 that got muddy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697509-snajperski-gvintivki-na-kolesah-reznikov-pokazav-francuzki-amx10-aki-otrimali-morpihi.html
In Russia, the law on life imprisonment for the State Confusion was passed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697510-u-rosii-uhvalili-zakon-pro-dovicne-uvaznenna-za-derzzradu.html
Mesut Ozil will start a political career in Turkey
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3697511-mesut-ozil-rozpocne-politicnu-kareru-u-tureccini.html
The Russians fired a village in Kharkiv region, an 18-year-old girl wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697513-rosiani-obstrilali-selo-na-harkivsini-poranena-18ricna-divcina.html
Exports of Ukrainian agricultural products allowed to restrain inflation in the EU - Vysotsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3697514-eksport-ukrainskoi-agroprodukcii-dozvoliv-strimati-inflaciu-v-es-visockij.html
In the Melitopol district, a fake court - for sentences for pro -Ukrainian position was launched
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3697519-u-melitopolskomu-rajoni-zapracuvav-fejkovij-sud-sob-vinositi-viroki-za-proukrainsku-poziciu.html
Zelensky in Donetsk visited the hospital and presented the soldiers of the awards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697521-zelenskij-na-doneccini-vidvidav-gospital-i-vruciv-bijcam-nagorodi.html
Water for Nikolaev: EIB has approved an additional loan for € 20 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3697529-voda-dla-mikolaeva-eib-shvaliv-dodatkovij-kredit-na-20-miljoniv.html
Building of military enlistment office was damaged as result of suspected drone attack in Nov...
https://t.me/bazabazon/17001
Abramenko: I had the same trauma before Olympic Games in Korea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3697530-abramenko-taka-z-travma-v-mene-bula-pered-olimpijskimi-igrami-v-korei.html
The Danish city of Aarhus became the twin city of Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3697532-danske-misto-orhus-stalo-mistompobratimom-lvova.html
Ukrainian air defense shot down 6 Shahed drones near Zaporizhzhia and 1 near Dnipro city
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/50558
Ukraine on London Book Fair demonstrates the quality of its literature and book publishing - Tkachenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3697533-ukraina-na-london-book-fair-demonstrue-akist-svoei-literaturi-ta-knigovidanna-tkacenko.html
In Ukraine, the level of media literacy among the population has improved significantly
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3697536-v-ukraini-suttevo-pokrasivsa-riven-mediagramotnosti-sered-naselenna.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
In Poland, they are asked to review the ban on the import of agricultural products from Ukraine because it "beats on business"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3697537-u-polsi-prosat-pereglanuti-zaboronu-na-vvezenna-agroprodukcii-z-ukraini-bo-vona-be-po-biznesu.html
Molchanov will play in the quarterfinals of the paired discharge at the tournament in Bosnia and Herzegovina
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3697538-molcanov-zigrae-u-cvertfinali-parnogo-rozradu-na-turniri-u-bosnii-ta-gercegovini.html
A memorial concert will be held in Bucha to honor the dead soldiers and killed civilians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3697542-u-buci-projde-memorialnij-koncert-na-vsanuvanna-zagiblih-voiniv-i-vbitih-civilnih.html
All promised Canada tanks Leopard 2 for Ukraine already in Poland - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697549-usi-obicani-kanadou-tanki-leopard-2-dla-ukraini-vze-u-polsi-smigal.html
The heads of Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Health have been appointed deputy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3697546-ocilnikam-minosviti-ta-moz-priznacili-zastupnikiv.html
In Luhansk region three kilometers from the front line found a shrona with ammunition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3697547-na-lugansini-za-tri-kilometri-vid-linii-frontu-viavili-shron-z-boepripasami.html
The Ukrainian activist wrote the book "Bogomazov in Finland. One hundred years later ”
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3697544-ukrainska-aktivistka-napisala-knigu-bogomazov-u-finlandii-sto-rokiv-potomu.html
The Russians fired Sumy region from artillery - a woman was killed in their own yard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697550-rosiani-obstrilali-sumsinu-z-artilerii-na-vlasnomu-podviri-zaginula-zinka.html
In Mykolaiv region do not plan additional restrictions on commemorative days
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3697553-na-mikolaivsini-ne-planuut-dodatkovih-obmezen-u-pominalni-dni.html
The government has created a coordination headquarters on the exercise of displaced persons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3697554-urad-stvoriv-koordinacijnij-stab-z-pitan-realizacii-prav-pereselenciv.html
The format of Telelorphone is considered quite justified during the war 61% of Ukrainians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3697556-format-telemarafonu-vvazaut-cilkom-vipravdanim-pid-cas-vijni-61-ukrainciv.html
Ukraine has severed a number of protocols with CIS countries to help the families of those killed in Afghanistan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3697557-ukraina-rozirvala-nizku-protokoliv-z-krainami-snd-pro-dopomogu-simam-zagiblih-v-afganistani.html
The Ministry of Finance has placed the T -bills another 10.9 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3697558-minfin-rozmistiv-ovdp-se-na-109-milarda.html
In the center of Balakliya, a woman came to a mini petal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3697559-u-centri-balaklii-zinka-nastupila-na-minupelustku.html
Demining, preferential loans and grants: the government has identified priorities to support agrarians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3697564-rozminuvanna-pilgovi-krediti-ta-granti-urad-viznaciv-prioriteti-dla-pidtrimki-agrariiv.html
ENTSO-E has increased technical capabilities for import of electricity to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3697565-entsoe-zbilsilo-tehnicni-mozlivosti-dla-importu-elektroenergii-v-ukrainu.html
Large water: The number of flooded farms has exceeded 1600
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3697570-velika-voda-kilkist-pidtoplenih-gospodarstv-perevisila-1600.html
More than 7 thousand Ukrainian military - Kotenko consider missing missing persons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697572-zniklimi-bezvisti-vvazaut-ponad-7-tisac-ukrainskih-vijskovih-kotenko.html
The World Bank will become one of the key partners in the restoration of Ukraine - Prime Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3697571-svitovij-bank-stane-odnim-iz-klucovih-partneriv-u-vidnovlenni-ukraini-premer.html
Fiba did not allow Russia to qualify for Olympic Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3697574-fiba-ne-dopustila-rosiu-do-kvalifikacii-na-olimpijski-igri.html
Border guards repelled three attacks of Russians in Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697575-prikordonniki-vidbili-tri-ataki-rosian-u-bahmuti.html
Investment in Ukraine: Japan is the first to allocate $ 23 million to cover military risks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3697576-investicii-v-ukrainu-aponia-persou-vidilae-23-miljoni-dla-pokritta-voennih-rizikiv.html
Ukraine and Poland have agreed on the transit of Ukrainian agro -products - MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697588-ukraina-i-polsa-domovilisa-pro-tranzit-ukrainskoi-agroprodukcii-deputat.html
US called NATO countries to strengthen control over non -proliferation of nuclear weapons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697577-ssa-zaklikali-kraini-nato-posiliti-kontrol-nad-nerozpovsudzennam-adernoi-zbroi.html
The government has simplified the order of appointment of subsidies, benefits and some social payments
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3697579-urad-sprostiv-poradok-priznacenna-subsidij-pilg-i-deakih-socviplat.html
Tragedy on May 2 in Odessa: The fuucie police officer was sentenced to 15 years
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3697580-tragedia-2-travna-v-odesi-eksnacalnika-milicii-fucedzi-zasudili-na-15-rokiv.html
The Government proposes to terminate the Russian Federation Agreement on Mutual Protection of Investment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3697582-urad-proponue-rozirvati-ugodu-z-rf-pro-vzaemnij-zahist-investicij.html
In Ukraine, from the beginning of a full -scale invasion of the Russian Federation, 8 534 civilians have been killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697583-v-ukraini-vid-pocatku-povnomasstabnogo-vtorgnenna-rf-zaginuli-8-534-civilnih-oon.html
The Government supported the decision to implement the renewal projects in the Kyiv region and Mykolaiv region - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3697584-urad-pidtrimav-risenna-dla-realizacii-proektiv-vidnovlenna-na-kiivsini-ta-mikolaivsini-smigal.html
Absolut vodka manufacturer stops export to Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3697587-virobnik-gorilki-absolut-pripinae-eksport-u-rosiu.html
The Government has improved the mechanism of payment of pensions for the period of martial law
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3697592-urad-udoskonaliv-mehanizm-viplati-pensij-na-period-voennogo-stanu.html
14 hospitals - Zelenskaya have joined the All -Ukrainian Mental Health Program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3697593-do-vseukrainskoi-programi-mentalnogo-zdorova-priednalisa-vze-14-likaren-zelenska.html
At the exhibition in Kiev you can see the destroyed monuments of Mariupol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3697594-na-vistavci-u-kievi-mozna-pobaciti-zrujnovani-pamatki-mariupola.html
In Kherson region, two settlements have been deactivated as a result of shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3697596-na-hersonsini-vnaslidok-obstriliv-znestrumleni-dva-naseleni-punkti.html
The European Commission tomorrow will discuss the work of "Solidarity Corridors" with Ukraine and its neighbors
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3697597-evrokomisia-zavtra-obgovorit-robotu-koridoriv-solidarnosti-z-ukrainou-ta-ii-susidami.html
The national team of Ukraine announced the composition for the final matches of selection for a handball from a handball
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3697600-zbirna-ukraini-ogolosila-sklad-na-zaklucni-matci-vidboru-na-ce-z-gandbolu.html
In Japan, the coastal guard aircraft crashed in Japan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697601-u-aponii-zaznav-avarii-litak-beregovoi-ohoroni.html
Crimean Political Prisoner Abhairov in the Russian Federation want to be sent to tuberculosis hospital - activists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3697602-krimskogo-politvazna-abhairova-v-rf-hocut-vidpraviti-do-tuberkuloznoi-likarni-aktivisti.html
The Secretary of State of the Ministry of Economic Cooperation and Development of Germany showed the reconstruction of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3697607-derzsekretaru-ministerstva-ekonomicnogo-spivrobitnictva-ta-rozvitku-frn-pokazali-vidbudovu-ukraini.html
Getmantsev rejects accusations of business in Crimea and relevant to the scheme in Ukravtodor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3697610-getmancev-vidkidae-zvinuvacenna-pro-biznes-u-krimu-ta-doticnist-do-shemi-v-ukravtodori.html
In four directions of defense force per day reflected 30 attacks of Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697611-na-cotiroh-napramkah-sili-oboroni-za-dobu-vidbili-30-atak-rosian.html
In the war, the deputy commander of the platoon from the Brigade named after the Black Zaporozhians was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697614-na-vijni-zagnuv-zastupnik-komandira-brigadi-imeni-cornih-zaporozciv-oleg-kojlak.html
DBR investigates the facts of the officer from the military in Ivano-Frankivsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3697613-dbr-rozslidue-fakti-znusanna-oficera-z-vijskovogo-na-ivanofrankivsini.html
Poland unlocks the transit of Ukrainian grain from midnight on April 21
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3697618-polsa-rozblokue-tranzit-ukrainskogo-zbizza-z-opivnoci-21-kvitna.html
Coach Kovtun: These awards are another recognition of our work, all efforts and victims of Elijah
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3697619-trenerka-kovtuna-ci-nagorodi-ce-cergove-viznanna-nasoi-praci-usih-zusil-ta-zertv-illi.html
Zhytomyr students have created an interactive "board of the future"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3697621-zitomirski-studenti-stvorili-interaktivnu-dosku-majbutnogo.html
Military medical commissions will work in civilian medical facilities under the Medicinal Program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3697622-vijskovolikarski-komisii-pracuvatimut-u-civilnih-medzakladah-za-programou-medgarantij-moz.html
Artificial intelligence helped identify 70 participants of Crimea Self -Defense - ARC Prosecutor's Office
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3697625-stucnij-intelekt-dopomig-identifikuvati-70-ucasnikiv-samooboroni-krimu-prokuratura-ark.html
In the Globus shopping center on the Maidan are looking for explosives
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3697628-u-tc-globus-na-majdani-sukaut-vibuhivku.html
In Finland, pickets near the Consulate of the Russian Federation are passed through the war in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697629-u-finlandii-sodna-prohodat-piketi-bila-konsulstva-rf-cerez-vijnu-v-ukraini.html
Yahoo Japan tests a payment system with face recognition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3697631-yahoo-japan-testue-platiznu-sistemu-z-rozpiznavannam-oblicca.html
Lithuania provided Ukraine with military assistance for € 454 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697634-litva-nadala-ukraini-vijskovoi-dopomogi-na-454-miljoni.html
The court canceled the penalty of Kharkiv for Russian on social networks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3697638-sud-skasuvav-straf-meru-harkova-za-rosijsku-movu-u-socmerezah.html
Germany handed Ukraine to Ukraine Patriot system
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697643-nimeccina-peredala-ukraini-sistemu-ppo-patriot.html
The enemy hit the Nikopol district: damaged houses and solar panels
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697645-vorog-udariv-po-nikopolskomu-rajonu-poskodzeni-budinki-j-sonacni-paneli.html
States and NATO have not seen signs of moving nuclear weapons from Russia to Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697646-stati-j-nato-poki-ne-bacili-oznak-peremisenna-adernoi-zbroi-z-rosii-v-bilorus.html
In Mariupol, tanks are fixed in the direction of Novoazovsk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697647-u-mariupoli-fiksuut-ruh-tankiv-u-napramku-novoazovska.html
The Cabinet of Ministers adopted a resolution on deprivation of a sports federation of national status in case of competitions with Russians and Belarusians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3697648-kabmin-prijnav-postanovu-pro-pozbavlenna-sportivnoi-federacii-statusu-nacionalnoi-u-razi-ucasti-u-zmagannah-z-rosianami-ta-bilorusami.html
Ukrainian weightlifter Gangur won two medals at the European Championships
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3697653-ukrainska-vazkoatletka-gangur-zdobula-dvi-medali-na-cempionati-evropi.html
The Government restricted access to Russian companies to the Ukrainian subsoil market
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3697654-urad-obmeziv-dostup-rosijskih-kompanij-na-ukrainskij-rinok-nadrokoristuvanna.html
Zelensky discussed with the speaker of the House of Representatives of USA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3697656-zelenskij-obgovoriv-zi-spikerom-palati-predstavnikiv-ssa-posilenna-sankcijnogo-tisku-na-rf.html
Pentagon confirmed: the first BMP "Bradley" is already in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697658-pentagon-pidtverdiv-persi-bmp-bradley-vze-v-ukraini.html
In Ukraine on Wednesday - short -term rains, warm up to +17 ° in the afternoon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3697508-v-ukraini-u-seredu-korotkocasni-dosi-vden-progrie-do-17.html
The court enlarged the pledge for another organizer of "blogger parties"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3697660-sud-zbilsiv-zastavu-dla-se-odnogo-organizatora-blogerskih-vecirok.html
Former MP Oleg Barna was killed during the fighting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697662-pid-cas-bojovih-dij-zaginuv-eksnardep-oleg-barna.html
The Russians during the day fired six communities of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697664-rosiani-protagom-dobi-obstrilali-sist-gromad-sumsini.html
In the US, they have charged several Russians for spreading propaganda in the country
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697666-u-ssa-visunuli-zvinuvacenna-kilkom-rosianam-za-posirenna-propagandi-v-kraini.html
Representatives of the French Embassy visited a military town in Gostomel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3697669-predstavniki-posolstva-francii-vidvidali-vijskove-mistecko-v-gostomeli.html
Zelensky visited a medical institution in Poltava region, where wounded military Armed Forces are treated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697670-zelenskij-vidvidav-medicnij-zaklad-na-poltavsini-de-likuutsa-poraneni-vijskovi-zsu.html
The enemy fired at Sumy region and Chernihiv region four times a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697673-vorog-za-dobu-cotiri-razi-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-ta-cernigivsini.html
Zelensky: inspires when you see Ukrainian determination and know that the victory will be
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697675-zelenskij-nadihae-koli-bacis-ukrainsku-risucist-i-znaes-so-peremoga-bude.html
The President held a meeting on the security and socio-economic situation in Poltava region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3697674-zelenskij-proviv-naradu-sodo-bezpekovoi-ta-socialnoekonomicnoi-situacii-na-poltavsini.html
The aircraft knocked down five drones -Kamikadze over Zaporozhye - Yermak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3697676-ppo-zbila-pat-dronivkamikadze-nad-zaporizzam-ermak.html
President noted the fighters who find and destroy enemy positions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697678-prezident-vidznaciv-bijciv-aki-viavlaut-i-znisuut-vorozi-pozicii.html
In the State Duma of the Russian Federation hinted at the possibility of general mobilization
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697679-u-derzdumi-rf-nataknuli-na-mozlivist-zagalnoi-mobilizacii.html
The UN is said to be ready to curtail their activities in Afghanistan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697680-v-oon-kazut-so-gotovi-zgornuti-svou-dialnist-v-afganistani.html
Brazil's position on the war of the Russian Federation against Ukraine does not correspond to neutrality - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3697682-pozicia-brazilii-sodo-vijni-rf-proti-ukraini-ne-vidpovidae-nejtralitetu-bilij-dim.html
Stoltenberg urges the world to strengthen Ukraine's support
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697684-stoltenberg-zaklikae-svit-posiliti-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
The Center for Combating Misinformation revealed basic manipulations from the world media per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/czpd-vyyavyv-osnovni-manipulyacziyi-vid-svitovyh-zmi-za-dobu-2/
How to become a highly qualified cybersecurity specialist
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/yak-staty-vysokokvalifikovanym-speczialistom-u-sferi-kiberbezpeky-porady-vid-derzhspeczzvyazku/
Держслужбовці запрошуються на курси, присвячені державній політиці щодо АР Крим
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/derzhsluzhbovczi-zaproshuyutsya-na-prosvitnyczki-kursy-prysvyacheni-derzhavnij-polityczi-shhodo-ar-krym/
OK "East" showed how our defenders undergo firing training
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/ok-shid-pokazalo-yak-u-nashyh-zahysnykiv-prohodyat-zanyattya-z-vognevoyi-pidgotovky/
Energoatom lost property by Russian aggression by UAH 32 billion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/energoatom-cherez-rosijsku-agresiyu-vtratyv-majno-na-32-mlrd-grn/
In Ukraine, you have created a free online course for IDPs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/v-ukrayini-stvoryly-bezkoshtovnyj-onlajn-kurs-dlya-vpo/
Авіація Сил оборони завдала 12 ударів по районах зосередження ворога
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-12-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
The CPD informs about the main narrative that was promoted by Roszmi in the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/czpd-informuye-pro-osnovnyj-naratyv-shho-za-dobu-prosuvaly-roszmi-2/
Bakhmut and Marinka remain at the Donetsk region at the Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/na-donechchyni-v-epiczentri-bojovyh-dij-zalyshayutsya-bahmut-ta-maryinka/
Defense forces eliminated nearly 500 invaders, destroyed 6 artisystems and 11 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/syly-oborony-likviduvaly-majzhe-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-6-artsystem-ta-11-bbm/
On the eve of the next "Ramstay" there was a conversation of the Ministers of Defense of Ukraine and the United States
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/naperedodni-chergovogo-ramshtajnu-vidbulasya-rozmova-ministriv-oborony-ukrayiny-ta-ssha/
Poland will help investigate genocide cases in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/polshha-dopomozhe-rozsliduvaty-vypadky-genoczydu-v-ukrayini/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
In Kupyansk and Liman directions, the occupiers tried to take offensive actions, but unsuccessfully - Alexander Sirsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/na-kupyanskomu-ta-lymanskomu-napryamkah-okupanty-namagalys-vesty-nastupalni-diyi-ale-bezuspishno-oleksandr-syrskyj/
Ukraine and the United States are working on the mechanisms of arrest of foreign assets of PEC "Wagner" - Prosecutor General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/ukrayina-ta-ssha-praczyuyut-nad-mehanizmamy-areshtu-zakordonnyh-aktyviv-pvk-vagner-genprokuror/
The winter-spring offensive of the Russian Federation failed and went to defense-Kirill Budanov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/zymovo-vesnyanyj-nastup-rf-provalyla-ta-perejshla-do-oborony-nachalnyk-gur-mou/
The meeting of the US and Britain's defense ministers - discussed the ways of supporting Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/vidbulasya-zustrich-ministriv-oborony-ssha-ta-brytaniyi-obgovoryly-shlyahy-pidtrymky-ukrayiny/
During the day, rescuers have almost two hundred times left to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-majzhe-dvisti-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-5/
Military became the first in Ukraine to whom the bone prosthesis was implanted
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/vijskovyj-stav-pershym-v-ukrayini-komu-implantuvaly-protez-v-kistku/
The enemy continues to terrorize Kherson region, attaches industry objects - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/vorog-prodovzhuye-teroryzuvaty-hersonshhynu-atakuye-obyekty-promyslovosti-nataliya-gumenyuk/
Last day Russian troops fired the territory of 8 regions of Ukraine: 3 people were killed, 20 were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/mynuloyi-doby-rosijski-vijska-obstrilyaly-terytoriyu-8-oblastej-ukrayiny-zagynulo-3-osoby-20-poraneno/
On the Martial Devision in the Black Sea are three rocket carriers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/na-bojovomu-cherguvanni-u-chornomu-mori-perebuvayut-try-raketonosiyi-nataliya-gumenyuk/
More than 1400 explosive items have been neutralized per day of Pyrotechnics of SES
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-1400-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
Canada and Britain discussed Ukraine's need for long -term support
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/kanada-i-brytaniya-obgovoryly-potrebu-ukrayiny-v-dovgostrokovij-pidtrymczi/
On April 19, a round table will take place: "Pantheon of Heroes: How to Perpetuate the memory of those who gave life for Ukraine"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/19-kvitnya-vidbudetsya-kruglyj-stil-panteon-geroyiv-yak-uvikovichyty-pamyat-tyh-hto-viddav-zhyttya-za-ukrayinu/
Those who will supply weapons to Russia will pay a high price - a G7 statement
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/ti-hto-postachatyme-zbroyu-do-rosiyi-zaplatyat-vysoku-czinu-zayava-g7/
The war came to the house of every Russian - Andriy Yusov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/vijna-pryjshla-do-budynku-kozhnogo-rosiyanyna-andrij-yusov/
The United States has appointed a prosecutor in Hague, who will focus on Russian crimes against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/ssha-pryznachyly-prokurora-v-gaagu-yakyj-zoseredytsya-na-zlochynah-rf-proty-ukrayiny/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 17,000 crimes against National Security have been documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-17-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-naczbezpeky-2/
Ministry of Veterans develops adaptation programs in the workplace of the military who will return to civilian life
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/minveteraniv-rozroblyaye-programy-adaptacziyi-na-robochomu-misczi-vijskovyh-yaki-povertatymutsya-do-czyvilnogo-zhyttya/
The head of state signed a decree on awarding the defenders of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/glava-derzhavy-pidpysav-ukaz-pro-nagorodzhennya-zahysnykiv-ukrayiny-2/
Killed and wounded as a result of the next shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/zagyblyj-ta-poraneni-vnaslidok-chergovogo-obstrilu-seredmistya-hersona-rozpochato-provadzhennya/
Canada's Armed Forces showed how Leopard 2 tanks were delivered for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/u-zbrojnyh-sylah-kanady-pokazaly-yak-dostavlyaly-tanky-leopard-2-dlya-ukrayiny/
"Only victory of life stops evil": President on Pam ’ Holocaust Victims
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/lyshe-peremoga-zhyttya-zupynyaye-zlo-prezydent-u-den-pamyati-zhertv-golokostu/
The occupiers were fired at Chernihiv and Sumy region again
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/okupanty-vchergove-obstrilyaly-chernigivshhynu-ta-sumshhynu/
OK "South": Russia has increased the number of rocket carriers in the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/ok-pivden-rosiya-zbilshyla-kilkist-raketonosiyiv-u-chornomu-mori/
For the sergeants will create weekly courses in psychological training - Nazim Agayev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/dlya-serzhantiv-stvoryat-tyzhnevi-kursy-z-psyhologichnoyi-pidgotovky-nazim-agayev/
The head of state visited the leading positions of Ukrainian defenders in Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/glava-derzhavy-vidvidav-peredovi-pozycziyi-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv-na-donechchyni/
The suspicion of the Director of the Zaporozhye NPP was reported, which disconnected the station from the power system of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-dyrektoru-zaporizkoyi-aes-rosiyanynu-olegu-romanenku/
In Avdiivka, the military presented Vladimir Zelensky Kein and Chevron
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/v-avdiyivczi-vijskovi-podaruvaly-volodymyru-zelenskomu-koyin-ta-shevron/
Special Forces near Bakhmut knocked down the enemy drone "Grenat-1"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/speczpryznachenczi-bilya-bahmuta-zbyly-vorozhyj-dron-granat-1/
The President visited the hospital in Donetsk and awarded military personnel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/prezydent-vidvidav-gospital-na-donechchyni-j-nagorodyv-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
"Sniper rifle on wheels": Alexei Reznikov showed what French wheel tanks look like
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/snajperska-gvyntivka-na-kolesah-oleksij-reznikov-pokazav-yak-vyglyadayut-franczuzki-kolisni-tanky-amx-10/
Will judge Kherson's resident who served as an occupiers' office of "investigator"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/sudytymut-meshkanczya-hersona-yakyj-sluzhyv-okupantam-na-posadi-tak-zvanogo-slidchogo/
In Iran, sentences were declared to probable culprits in the PS752 flight crash crash
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/v-irani-ogolosyly-vyroky-jmovirnym-vynuvatczyam-u-aviakatastrofi-rejsu-ps752/
They will judge the military who was bullied and tortured by civilians of Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/sudytymut-vijskovogo-rf-yakyj-znushhavsya-ta-katuvav-myrnyh-meshkancziv-hersonshhyny/
Denis Shmigal: Russia should be thrown out of the nuclear fuel supply chains
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/denys-shmygal-rosiya-maye-buty-vykynuta-z-lanczyugiv-postachannya-yadernogo-palyva/
Military divers will take up the water and reservoirs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/vijskovi-vodolazy-sapery-vizmutsya-za-rozminuvannya-akvatorij-ta-vodojm/
The activities of territorial centers of completion and social support are carried out within the framework of the legal field
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/diyalnist-terytorialnyh-czentriv-komplektuvannya-ta-soczialnoyi-pidtrymky-zdijsnyuyetsya-v-ramkah-pravovogo-polya/
Slovak and Polish migs will strengthen the existing air park - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/slovaczki-ta-polski-migy-pidsylyat-isnuyuchyj-aviapark-yurij-ignat/
The enemy has caused 4 rocket launchers and 44 aircraft, made about 20 shelling of the RSLS
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/protyvnyk-zavdav-4-raketnyh-ta-44-aviaudary-zdijsnyv-blyzko-20-obstriliv-z-rszv/
Ukrainian defenders repelled about 30 enemy attacks in four directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-vidbyly-blyzko-30-atak-protyvnyka-na-chotyroh-napryamkah/
The United Kingdom gave the Armed Forces Squadron of 14 powerful challenger tanks 2
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/velyka-brytaniya-podaruvala-zsu-eskadron-z-14-potuzhnyh-tankiv-challenger-2/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 3 strokes by the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-3-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
The Lviv Airline is obliged to pay the defense department nearly UAH 2.4 million of penalties
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/lvivskyj-aviazavod-zobovyazanyj-splatyty-oboronnomu-vidomstvu-majzhe-24-mln-gryven-shtrafnyh-sankcziyi/
Improved mechanism for paying state aid evacuated from dangerous regions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/udoskonaleno-mehanizm-vyplaty-derzhavnoyi-dopomogy-evakujovanym-iz-nebezpechnyh-regioniv/
Reforms and transformation are important components of successful development of the defense system - Alexey Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/reformy-ta-transformacziya-cze-vazhlyvi-skladovi-uspishnogo-rozvytku-systemy-oborony-oleksij-reznikov/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a telephone conversation with the speaker of the House of Representatives
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/volodymyr-zelenskyj-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-zi-spikerom-palaty-predstavnykiv-ssha/
Trust is the main thing in the work and achievement of common goals: the Minister of Defense congratulated the newly elected composition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/dovira-cze-golovne-v-roboti-ta-dosyagnenni-spilnyh-czilej-ministr-oborony-pryvitav-novoobranyj-sklad-antykorrady/
In Poltava region, the President of Ukraine visited the hospital of wounded servicemen and presented awards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/na-poltavshhyni-prezydent-ukrayiny-vidvidav-u-likarni-poranenyh-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-ta-vruchyv-nagorody/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy held a meeting on the security and socio-economic situation in Poltava region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/volodymyr-zelenskyj-proviv-naradu-shhodo-bezpekovoyi-ta-soczialno-ekonomichnoyi-sytuacziyi-na-poltavshhyni/
This inspires and supports when you see our Ukrainian determination and know that the victory will be - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/cze-nadyhaye-j-pidtrymuye-koly-bachysh-nashu-ukrayinsku-rishuchist-i-znayesh-shho-peremoga-bude-prezydent-ukrayiny/
The coordination headquarters took place online meetings with Marines families
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-onlajn-zustrich-z-rodynamy-morpihiv/
The SBU exposed the Russian shroud with weapons in the frontline areas of Luhansk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/sbu-vykryla-rosijskyj-shron-z-ozbroyennyam-u-pryfrontovyh-rajonah-luganshhyny/
Ukrainian defenders destroyed six "Shahmed" and one "Orlan"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-znyshhyly-shist-shahediv-ta-odyn-orlan/
Short. War. Day 419. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/18/korotko-vijna-den-419-videodajdzhest/
Special services of the Russian Federation have installed 182 radio intelligence systems in Europe in Europe - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697526-specsluzbi-rf-vstanovili-na-posolstvah-u-evropi-182-sistemi-radiorozvidki-zmi.html
LC: Real Madrid and Milan have passed to the semifinals of the competition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3697683-lc-real-madrid-i-milan-projsli-do-cvertfinalu-zmagan.html
LC: Real Madrid and Milan have passed to the semifinals of the competition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3697683-lc-real-madrid-i-milan-projsli-do-cvertfinalu-zmagan.html
Special services of the Russian Federation have installed 182 radio intelligence systems in Europe in Europe - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697526-specsluzbi-rf-vstanovili-na-posolstvah-u-evropi-182-sistemi-radiorozvidki-zmi.html
The court closed the case on the high prizes of Ternopil mayor Sergei Nadia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3697685-sud-zakriv-spravu-sodo-zavisenih-premij-mera-ternopola-sergia-nadala.html
Lavrov will discuss the Ukrainian Grain Agreement with the UN Secretary General
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3697686-lavrov-obgovorit-ukrainsku-zernovu-ugodu-z-generalnim-sekretarem-oon.html
Ukrainian air defense has destroyed seven drones of the Russian Federation - the East Command
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3697687-ukrainska-ppo-znisila-sim-bezpilotnikiv-rf-komanduvanna-shid.html
The procedure for maintaining a single register of deported persons, including children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/19/uhvaleno-poryadok-vedennya-yedynogo-reyestru-deportovanyh-osib-v-tomu-chysli-ditej/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====