乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-03-28

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

Can't be mentally far from war, support our fighters when possible - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/ne-mozhna-buty-podumky-daleko-vid-vijny-pidtrymujte-nashyh-bijcziv-koly-cze-mozhlyvo-prezydent-ukrayiny/
IKEA Swedish Company sold its latest enterprise in
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/shvedska-kompaniya-ikea-prodala-ostannye-svoye-pidpryyemstvo-na-rosiyi/
In action you can get adoption consultation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/u-diyi-mozhna-otrymaty-konsultacziyu-z-usynovlennya/
A selection of fakes that promoted Russian media last week
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/pidbirka-fejkiv-yaki-prosuvaly-rosijski-zmi-mynulogo-tyzhnya/
Ukrainian cynologists have started a specialized training course in Spain
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/ukrayinski-fahivczi-kinology-rozpochaly-speczializovanyj-kurs-pidgotovky-v-ispaniyi/
Russians complain about electricity disruptions in Belgorod region - intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/rosiyany-skarzhatsya-na-pereboyi-elektropostachannya-u-byelgorodskij-oblasti-perehoplennya-gur/
The Ministry of Defense showed a duel of Ukrainian tankers and Russian anti -tankists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/u-minoborony-pokazaly-dvobij-ukrayinskyh-tankistiv-ta-rosijskyh-protytankistiv/
In Bakhmut, the border guards eliminated the Wagner's cell
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/u-bahmuti-prykordonnyky-likviduvaly-oseredok-vagnerivcziv/
Ukrainian defenders per day repelled more than 60 hostile attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-vidbyly-ponad-60-vorozhyh-atak/
In the Luhansk region, local morgue replenished about 100 bodies of dead occupiers, another 140 were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/na-luganshhyni-misczevyj-morg-popovnyly-blyzko-100-til-zagyblyh-okupantiv-shhe-140-poraneno/
Our artillery during the day struck the Russian management point and 4 areas of focus of occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/nasha-artyleriya-protyagom-doby-urazyla-rosijskyj-punkt-upravlinnya-ta-4-rajony-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv/
More than 171 thousand military lost the army of the Russian Federation since the beginning of large -scale aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/ponad-171-tysyachu-vijskovyh-vtratyla-armiya-rf-z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-agresiyi/
NATO will protect the Alliance countries regardless of nuclear weapons nearby - Lithuanian Defense Minister
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/nato-zahyshhatyme-krayiny-alyansu-nezalezhno-vid-nayavnosti-yadernoyi-zbroyi-nepodalik-kordoniv-ministr-oborony-lytvy/
The number of attacks of Russian hackers on local authorities of Ukraine - the State Secretariat of Communications has increased
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/zbilshylasya-kilkist-atak-hakeriv-rf-na-misczevi-organy-vlady-ukrayiny-derzhspeczzvyazku/
Polish Foreign Ministry: Placement of nuclear weapons of the Russian Federation in Belarus increases the threat of peace in Europe
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/mzs-polshhi-rozmishhennya-yadernoyi-zbroyi-rf-u-bilorusi-zbilshuye-zagrozu-myru-v-yevropi/
"Gold" and "Silver" have won our armies at the European Championships from karate
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/zoloto-ta-sriblo-zdobuly-nashi-armijky-na-chempionati-yevropy-z-karate/
The most intense phase of Bakhmut's battles is ongoing - Alexander Syrsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/tryvaye-najbilsh-intensyvna-faza-boyiv-za-bahmut-oleksandr-syrskyj/
During the day, rescuers went over a hundred times to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-ponad-sto-raziv-vyyizdyly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-18/
The ecmanifier of Donetsk "Golden Eagle" was suspected of participating in a terrorist organization
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/ekskomandyr-doneczkogo-berkutu-otrymav-pidozru-za-uchast-u-terorystychnij-organizacziyi/
Lithuania will require new sanctions against Russia for the placement of nuclear weapons in Belarus
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/lytva-vymagatyme-zaprovadzhennya-novyh-sankczij-proty-rf-za-rozmishhennya-yadernoyi-zbroyi-v-bilorusi/
The FSB agent group that prepared rocket strokes along the routes of military echelons was neutralized
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/zneshkodzheno-agenturnu-grupu-fsb-yaka-gotuvala-raketni-udary-po-marshrutah-ruhu-vijskovyh-esheloniv/
Alexei Danilov about Putin's statement: Kremlin took Belarus in nuclear hostages
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/oleksij-danilov-pro-zayavu-putina-kreml-vzyav-bilorus-v-yaderni-zaruchnyky/
73 of the settlements of Ukraine fired the army of the Russian Federation per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/73-naselenyh-punkty-ukrayiny-obstrilyala-armiya-rf-za-dobu/
Over 200 explosive objects were neutralized per day of Pyrotechnics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-200-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-9/
Ukrainians have raised over UAH 58.5 million for drones-Kamikadze for intelligence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/ukrayinczi-zibraly-ponad-585-mln-gryven-na-drony-kamikadze-dlya-rozvidky/
The Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces awarded the defender who heroically reflected the assault group of occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/golovnokomanduvach-zsu-nagorodyv-zahysnyka-yakyj-geroyichno-vidbyv-shturmovu-grupu-okupantiv/
Ukrainian military in the United Kingdom has completed training on Challenger 2 tanks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/ukrayinski-vijskovi-u-velykij-brytaniyi-zavershyly-navchannya-na-tankah-challenger-2/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy about the shelling of Slavyansk: Ukraine will not forgive these deaths and wounds
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/volodymyr-zelenskyj-pro-obstril-slovyanska-ukrayina-ne-probachyt-czyh-smertej-i-poranen/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: more than 76 thousand military crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-76-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
There are 7 enemy ships in the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/zagalnyj-zalp-vorozhyh-kalibriv-u-seredzemnomu-mori-stanovyt-20-raket/
The coordination headquarters took place online meeting with families of captive paratroopers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-onlajn-zustrich-z-rodynamy-polonenyh-desantnykiv/
Athletes from the Russian Federation and Belarus should not be admitted to international competitions - a joint statement of Ukraine, Poland and the Baltic countries
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/sportsmeny-z-rf-ta-bilorusi-ne-mayut-buty-dopushheni-do-mizhnarodnyh-zmagan-spilna-zayava-ukrayiny-polshhi-ta-krayin-baltiyi/
Moldova has started military exercises JCET-2023 with the participation of three NATO countries
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/u-moldovi-rozpochalysya-vijskovi-navchannya-jcet-2023-za-uchasti-troh-krayin-nato/
Head of State: Forcing the occupier to respond for every shot against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/glava-derzhavy-zmusymo-okupanta-vidpovisty-za-kozhen-postril-proty-ukrayiny/
In Lviv, a hostile informant was detained, which under the guise of displaced was collecting information about the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/u-lvovi-zatrymano-vorozhu-informatorku-yaka-pid-vyglyadom-pereselenky-zbyrala-dani-pro-zsu/
NATO has to place troops on the borders with Russia - Lithuanian Foreign Ministry
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/nato-maye-rozmistyty-vijska-na-kordonah-z-rosiyeyu-mzs-lytvy/
More than 10 explosions were heard in the territory of Sumy and Chernihiv border
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/27/ponad-10-vybuhiv-prolunalo-na-terytoriyi-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-i-chernigivshhyny/
15 years behind the lattice will be held by the Russian agent who corrected fire on the airfield of Kryvyi Rih
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/15-rokiv-za-gratamy-provede-agent-rf-yakyj-koreguvav-vogon-po-aerodromu-kryvogo-rogu/
The coordination headquarters took place with the Marines families
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodynamy-morpihiv-2/
SBU special forces sent to hell the crew of the APC and infantry on the armor right "on the march"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/speczpryznachenczi-sbu-vidpravyly-do-pekla-ekipazh-btr-ta-pihotu-na-broni-pryamo-na-marshi/
Ukrainian defenders destroyed the Wagner's hiding place in Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-znyshhyly-shovanku-vagnerivcziv-u-bahmuti/
Statements about a unique weapon capable of destroying anyone-the main narrative of Russian media over the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/zayavy-pro-unikalnu-zbroyu-zdatnu-znyshhyty-bud-kogo-osnovnyj-naratyv-rosijskyh-zmi-za-mynulu-dobu/
Rushist tells about significant losses and low food support - GUR Trans
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/rashyst-rozpovidaye-pro-znachni-vtraty-ta-nyzkyj-riven-prodovolchogo-zabezpechennya-perehoplennya-gur/
Five armored vehicles of Russian terrorists from Akhmat did not reach the war zone
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/pyat-broneavtomobiliv-rosijskyh-terorystiv-z-sts-ahmat-ne-doyihaly-do-zony-bojovyh-dij/
Under Bakhmut, princely warriors effectively destroyed enemy anti -tankists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/pid-bahmutom-knyazivski-voyiny-efektno-znyshhyly-vorozhyh-protytankistiv/
Defense forces destroyed 14 hostile "shahas"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/syly-oborony-znyshhyly-14-vorozhyh-shahediv/
Divisions of missile troops and artillery struck 3 points
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/pidrozdily-raketnyh-vijsk-i-artyleriyi-urazyly-3-punkty-upravlinnya-rosiyan/
In Donetsk, Ukrainian defenders reflected 62 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/na-donechchyni-ukrayinski-zahysnyky-vidbyly-62-ataky-protyvnyka/
Rashists continue to strengthen the regime measures to the tot
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/rashysty-prodovzhuyut-posylyuvaty-rezhymni-zahody-na-tot/
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated 570 invaders, destroyed 7 tanks and 13 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-570-okupantiv-znyshhyly-7-tankiv-i-13-bbm/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed with Andrzej Duda the current defensive needs of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/volodymyr-zelenskyj-obgovoryv-z-andzheyem-dudoyu-aktualni-oboronni-potreby-ukrayiny/
In the Black Sea there is one underwater enemy rocket launcher with four rockets like "Caliber" - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/u-chornomu-mori-perebuvaye-odyn-pidvodnyj-vorozhyj-raketonosij-z-chotyrma-raketamy-typu-kalibr-nataliya-gumenyuk/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Lithuanian President urged to stop the Russian Federation until it caused a nuclear catastrophe
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/prezydent-lytvy-zaklykav-zupynyty-rf-poky-vona-ne-sprychynyla-yadernu-katastrofu/
Germany has put Ukraine more tanks than planned
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/nimechchyna-postavyla-ukrayini-bilshe-tankiv-nizh-planuvalosya/
Alexei Reznikov about Challenger Tanks 2: Will soon begin combat missions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/oleksij-reznikov-pro-tanky-challenger-2-nezabarom-prystuplyat-do-vykonannya-bojovyh-zavdan/
The enemy does not stop the massive shelling of Bakhmut in combination with the assault actions - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/vorog-ne-prypynyaye-masovani-obstrily-bahmuta-u-poyednanni-z-shturmovymy-diyamy-sergij-cherevatyj/
In the Kupyansk-Liman direction, the Russians have a serious shortage of modern armored vehicles-Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/na-kupyansko-lymanskomu-napryamku-rosiyany-mayut-serjoznyj-deficzyt-suchasnoyi-bronetehniky-sergij-cherevatyj/
GUR: Russian dictator resorts to nuclear blackmail because it is defeated on the battlefield
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/gur-rosijskyj-dyktator-vdayetsya-do-yadernogo-shantazhu-bo-zaznaye-porazky-na-poli-boyu/
On the left bank of the Dnieper and on the Kinburn Spit, the enemy reduced its activity - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/na-livomu-berezi-dnipra-j-na-kinburnskij-kosi-vorog-znyzyv-svoyu-aktyvnist-nataliya-gumenyuk/
We have to exhaust the enemy's strength under Bakhmut and to cause severe losses - Alexander Sirsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/mayemo-vysnazhyty-syly-protyvnyka-pid-bahmutom-ta-nanesty-jomu-tyazhkyh-vtrat-oleksandr-syrskyj/
The Russian army fired at nine ’
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/rosijska-armiya-za-dobu-obstrilyala-devyat-oblastej-ukrayiny-ye-zhertvy/
Germany and the Netherlands pledged to provide Ukraine with permanent financial and military assistance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/nimechchyna-ta-niderlandy-zobovyazalysya-nadavaty-ukrayini-postijnu-finansovu-ta-vijskovu-dopomogu/
During the day of the Pyrotechnics of the SESS neutralized nearly 500 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-majzhe-500-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-2/
To the coast of Odesa region again struck a mine that was detonated
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/do-uzberezhzhya-odeshhyny-znovu-prybylo-minu-yaka-zdetonuvala/
Ukraine will be with bread: 31 sapper group of the State Supreme Service is working on land demining
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/ukrayina-bude-z-hlibom-na-rozminuvanni-zemel-praczyuye-31-saperna-grupa-derzhspecztranssluzhby/
Hero of Ukraine Vadim Voroshilov "put an autograph" on a rocket that destroyed the enemy shock drone
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/geroj-ukrayiny-vadym-voroshylov-postavyv-avtograf-na-raketi-yakoyu-znyshhyv-vorozhyj-udarnyj-dron/
During the day, rescuers went over 150 times to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-ponad-150-raziv-vyyizdyly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv/
Sergey Naev visited the wounded defenders in the hospital and presented awards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/sergij-nayev-vidvidav-poranenyh-zahysnykiv-u-gospitali-i-vruchyv-nagorody/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: Almost 17,000 crimes against National Security have been documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-majzhe-17-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-naczbezpeky-6/
The office of the President of Ukraine condemned a military crime to abduct the Russian aggressor of Ukrainian children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/v-ofisi-prezydenta-ukrayiny-zasudyly-voyennyj-zlochyn-z-vykradennya-rosijskym-agresorom-ukrayinskyh-ditej/
Recently the activity of hostile tactical aviation has increased - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/ostannim-chasom-aktyvnist-vorozhoyi-taktychnoyi-aviacziyi-zbilshylasya-yurij-ignat/
LEOPARD 2 Portuguese tanks arrived in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/v-ukrayinu-prybuly-try-portugalskyh-tanky-leopard-2/
The National Bank released commemorative medals dedicated to two more heroes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/naczbank-vypustyv-pamyatni-medali-prysvyacheni-shhe-dvom-mistam-geroyam/
The head of state presented the honorary distinction of the hero city
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/glava-derzhavy-vruchyv-ohtyrczi-pochesnu-vidznaku-mista-geroya/
Poland has completed the construction of a border wall on the border with Belarus
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/polshha-zavershyla-budivnycztvo-prykordonnoyi-stiny-na-kordoni-z-bilorussyu/
Volodymyr Zelensky awarded Okhtyrka defense participants
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/volodymyr-zelenskyj-nagorodyv-uchasnykiv-oborony-ohtyrky/
Video where unknown in Ukrainian form allegedly shoots a civilian car is a fake of the Russian Federation - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/video-de-nevidomyj-v-ukrayinskij-formi-nibyto-strilyaye-po-czyvilnomu-avto-ye-fejkom-rf-gur/
The presence of western multi -purpose aircraft is the best method of counteracting the air terror of the aggressor - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/nayavnist-na-ozbroyenni-zahidnyh-bagatoczilovyh-litakiv-najkrashhyj-metod-protydiyi-povitryanomu-teroru-agresora-yurij-ignat/
On the anniversary of the heroic defense of Trostyanets, the President presented awards to his defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/u-richnyczyu-geroyichnoyi-oborony-trostyanczya-prezydent-vruchyv-nagorody-jogo-zahysnykam/
Britain and Poland will erect two large settlements in the west and east of Ukraine for displaced persons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/brytaniya-ta-polshha-zvedut-dva-velyki-selyshha-na-zahodi-ta-shodi-ukrayiny-dlya-pereselencziv/
Nearly two thousand Ukrainians managed to return from Russian captivity
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/majzhe-dvi-tysyachi-ukrayincziv-vdalos-povernuty-z-rosijskogo-polonu/
France will double the number of 155 mm of shells supplied to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/francziya-podvoyit-kilkist-155-mm-snaryadiv-shho-postachayutsya-v-ukrayinu/
In the capital handed out equipment for the first UAV shock mouth
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/u-stolyczi-peredaly-obladnannya-dlya-pershyh-udarnyh-rot-bpla/
Dmytro Kuleba: The future of Euro -Atlantic security is determined on the battlefield in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/dmytro-kuleba-majbutnye-yevroatlantychnoyi-bezpeky-vyznachayetsya-na-poli-boyu-v-ukrayini/
Head of State held a coordination meeting on a security situation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/glava-derzhavy-proviv-koordynaczijnu-naradu-shhodo-bezpekovoyi-sytuacziyi/
In military reserve and Chernobyl pension increased by one thousand hryvnias
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/u-vijskovyh-zapasu-ta-chornobylcziv-pensiya-zrosla-na-tysyachu-gryven/
The Defense Forces of Ukraine have destroyed more than one and a half thousand enemy UAVs of the operative-tactical level of the type "Orlan-10"-Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/syly-oborony-ukrayiny-znyshhyly-ponad-pivtory-tysyachi-vorozhyh-bpla-operatyvno-taktychnogo-rivnya-typu-orlan-10-yurij-ignat/
Our artillerymen struck the management point, the area of concentration of live force and weapons, as well as the composition of enemy ammunition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/nashi-artylerytsy-urazyly-punkt-upravlinnya-rajon-zoseredzhennya-zhyvoyi-syly-ta-ozbroyennya-a-takozh-sklad-boyeprypasiv-protyvnyka/
Ukraine's Defense Forces repelled 24 attacks in directions where the enemy concentrates basic efforts
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/syl-oborony-ukrayiny-vidbyly-24-ataky-na-napryamkah-de-vorog-zoseredzhuye-osnovni-zusyllya/
The enemy again destroys the critical infrastructure of Kherson
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/vorog-znovu-nyshhyt-krytychnu-infrastrukturu-hersona/
In Kharkiv region, the occupiers have a total of 1.2 million hectares of territories and farmland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/na-harkivshhyni-okupanty-zagalom-zaminuvaly-12-miljona-gektariv-terytorij-i-silgospugid-bryfing-u-harkovi/
The SBU detained the border guard who tried to "drain" the FSB information on the protection of the northern borders of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/sbu-zatrymala-prykordonnyka-yakyj-namagavsya-zlyty-fsb-informacziyu-pro-ohoronu-pivnichnyh-kordoniv-ukrayiny/
Ukraine and the world - against Russian aggression: sanctions in action
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-sankcziyi-v-diyi-8/
As sanctions press on the economy of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/yak-sankcziyi-tysnut-na-ekonomiku-rf/
Bakhmut remains the direction of the main strike of Russian invaders in eastern Ukraine - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/bahmut-zalyshayetsya-napryamkom-golovnogo-udaru-rosijskyh-zagarbnykiv-na-shodi-ukrayiny-sergij-cherevatyj/
Russian propaganda is spreading fake about the interception of missiles that have not yet been received in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/propaganda-rf-poshyryuye-fejk-pro-perehoplennya-raket-yaki-shhe-ne-nadijshly-v-ukrayinu/
Thank you to anyone who reminds that Russian aggression can end much faster if the world is faster - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/dyakuyu-vsim-hto-nagaduye-shho-rosijska-agresiya-mozhe-zakinchytysya-znachno-shvydshe-yakshho-svit-bude-shvydshym-prezydent-ukrayiny/
During the day in the Lyman-Kupyansk direction the enemy made more than 300 shelling of positions of defense forces-Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/za-mynulu-dobu-na-lymansko-kupyanskomu-napryamku-vorog-zdijsnyv-ponad-300-obstriliv-pozyczij-syl-oborony-ukrayiny-sergij-cherevatyj/
SBUs impressed the next fatty target: the occupiers of the minus the SCR "Thor"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/speczy-sbu-vrazyly-chergovu-zhyrnu-czil-v-okupantiv-minus-zrk-tor/
The National Council of Slovakia condemned the crimes of the Russian Federation committed against Ukrainian women and children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/naczionalna-rada-slovachchyny-zasudyla-zlochyny-rf-skoyeni-proty-ukrayinskyh-zhinok-i-ditej/
Short. War. Day 398. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/28/korotko-vijna-den-398-videodajdzhest/
The European Parliament showed the Ukrainian documentary "Their"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/29/u-yevroparlamenti-pokazaly-ukrayinsku-dokumentalnu-strichku-svoye/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====