乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-02

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Kalledar, Wondering, Novoukrainka Andes And Gold ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4654
Chernihivska Oblast(22:12). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18152
Donetsk Oblast(23:35). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44180
Poltavska region, Harkyiv, Harkiv region (23: ZAP). Red Alert: Aerial Threat. Siren Sundin ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44182
Donetsk Oblast(00:59). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44186
Chernihivska Oblast, Sumska Oblast(02:59). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take co...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44189
Donetsk Oblast(04:00). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44192
Donetsk Oblast(05:35). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44195
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(05:36). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44196
Army Ilya Kovtun won two "gold" at the stage of the COP in gymnastics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/armiyecz-illya-kovtun-zavoyuvav-dva-zolota-na-etapi-ks-zi-sportyvnoyi-gimnastyky/
In the Kherson region prepare ways of evacuation of people in case of massive shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/na-hersonshhyni-gotuyut-shlyahy-evakuacziyi-lyudej-na-vypadok-masovanogo-obstrilu/
Czech President left a message to the Russians on military equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/prezydent-chehiyi-zalyshyv-poslannya-rosiyanam-na-vijskovij-tehniczi/
Ukraine urged the world to speed up the confiscation of Russian assets
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/ukrayina-zaklykala-svit-pryshvydshyty-konfiskacziyu-rosijskyh-aktyviv/
Ukraine and Japan have agreed on the cooperation in the field of digital transformation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/ukrayina-ta-yaponiya-domovylys-pro-spivpraczyu-u-sferi-czyfrovoyi-transformacziyi/
A mural dedicated to Bakhmut appeared in Irpen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/v-irpeni-z%ca%bcyavyvsya-mural-prysvyachenyj-bahmutu/
The Ministry of Reintegration gave IDP advice on how not to become victims of fraudsters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/u-minreintegracziyi-daly-porady-vpo-yak-ne-staty-zhertvamy-shahrayiv/
In the General Staff of the Armed Forces showed photos of military exercises of doctors in Poland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/u-genshtabi-zsu-pokazaly-foto-vijskovyh-navchan-medykiv-zsu-u-polshhi/
During the day, the enemy caused 25 air strikes, made 45 shellings from the RSZV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/za-dobu-vorog-zavdav-25-aviaudariv-zdijsnyv-45-obstriliv-z-rszv/
The Air Force has destroyed 15 of 18 winged missiles released in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/syly-ppo-znyshhyly-15-iz-18-krylatyh-raket-vypushhenyh-po-ukrayini/
The occupiers are preparing to throw a new batch of recruited prisoners in battle
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/okupanty-gotuyutsya-kynuty-v-bij-novu-partiyu-zaverbovanyh-uvyaznenyh-osib/
3700 Rosarmia tanks destroyed the defense forces since the beginning of large -scale aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/3700-tankiv-rosarmiyi-znyshhyly-syly-oborony-z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-agresiyi/
The invaders throw all their resources on Bakhmut, but the city does not take - Alexander Sirsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/zagarbnyky-kydayut-na-bahmut-vsi-svoyi-resursy-ale-misto-ne-vzyaty-oleksandr-syrskyj/
Aviation of Defense Forces struck four strokes on the enemy's positions and destroyed the UABL "Orlan-10"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-chotyry-udary-po-pozycziyah-voroga-ta-znyshhyla-bpla-orlan-10/
In Ukraine, the industry of prostheses needs serious reform - Mikhail Tsymbalyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/v-ukrayini-galuz-vyrobnycztva-proteziv-potrebuye-serjoznogo-reformuvannya-myhajlo-czymbalyuk/
For every blow, Russian invaders will receive our response - the Presidential Appeal of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/na-kozhen-udar-rosijski-okupanty-otrymayut-nashu-vidpovid-zvernennya-prezydenta-ukrayiny/
Ukraine and Canada are preparing a long -term defensive cooperation program
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/mizh-ukrayinoyu-i-kanadoyu-gotuyetsya-programa-dovgotryvaloyi-mizhnarodnoyi-spivpraczi/
A military writers Forum will be held in Lviv
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/01/u-lvovi-vidbudetsya-forum-vijskovyh-pysmennykiv/
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs responded to DPA publication of doubts about Ukraine's membership in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703776-u-mzs-vidreaguvali-na-publikaciu-dpa-pro-sumnivi-sodo-clenstva-ukraini-v-nato.html
Poltavska Oblast(14:32). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/10984
Fedorov - About Morning Bang in Melitopol: A collaborator was injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703693-fedorov-pro-rankovij-vibuh-u-melitopoli-postrazdav-kolaborant.html
APL: "Arsenal" with Zinchenko beat the "Chelsea" wise
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703884-apl-arsenal-iz-zincenkom-peregrav-celsi-mudrika.html
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(12:30). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/14968
Yermak met with Ukrainian and foreign journalists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703883-ermak-zustrivsa-z-ukrainskimi-j-inozemnimi-zurnalistami.html
Putin, Lukashenko and other dictators were not invited to the coronation of Charles III - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703882-putina-lukasenka-ta-insih-diktatoriv-ne-zaprosili-na-koronaciu-carlza-iii-zmi.html
President awarded 63 military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703877-prezident-nagorodiv-63-vijskovih.html
Pentagon confirmed that he would continue to assist Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703876-pentagon-pidtverdiv-so-prodovzit-nadavati-dopomogu-ukraini.html
Russian troops fired two settlements in Kherson region, is dead and wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703873-vijska-rf-obstrilali-dva-selisa-na-hersonsini-e-zagiblij-i-poranena.html
White House: We are glad to hear from speaker McCarthy words to support Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703872-bilij-dim-mi-radi-pocuti-vid-spikera-makkarti-slova-na-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
La Liga: Barcelona for the most part minimally beat Osasun
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703871-la-liga-barselona-u-bilsosti-minimalno-obigrala-osasunu.html
The enemy fired at artillery and mortars from four more settlements of Sumy region and Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703869-vorog-obstrilav-z-artilerii-ta-minometiv-se-cotiri-naseleni-punkti-sumsini-i-cernigivsini.html
Moldova's expression was charged with airport concession
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703868-ekspremeru-moldovi-visunuli-zvinuvacenna-cerez-koncesiu-aeroportu.html
The European Commission tomorrow will present an Act for the Production of Ammunition for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703867-evrokomisia-zavtra-predstavit-akt-z-pidtrimki-virobnictva-boepripasiv-dla-ukraini.html
The Russian Federation in cyberspace, as well as on the battlefield, tries to attack civilian infrastructure - the State Security Service
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3703865-rf-u-kiberprostori-ak-i-na-poli-bou-namagaetsa-atakuvati-civilnu-infrastrukturu-derzspeczvazku.html
In the Bryansk region, for the second time in two days, the tracks were blown up - the freight train came down from the rails
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703863-u-branskij-oblasti-vdruge-za-dvi-dobi-pidirvali-zaliznicni-kolii-z-rejok-zijsov-vantaznij-potag.html
Residents Tot can take Russian passports to keep their lives - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703864-ziteli-tot-mozut-brati-rosijski-pasporti-abi-zberegti-sobi-zitta-danilov.html
BP in the first reading adopted a bill on reform in the advertising market
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703861-vr-u-persomu-citanni-uhvalila-zakonoproekt-pro-reformu-na-rinku-reklami.html
On the basis of the invaders near Simferopol there was an explosion - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3703859-na-bazi-zagarbnikiv-poblizu-simferopola-stavsa-vibuh-zmi.html
Vienna will show documentaries about Russian Crimes in Ukraine in the Vienna Cinema in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3703856-u-kinoteatri-vidna-pokazut-dokumentalni-filmi-pro-voenni-zlocini-rf-v-ukraini.html
Matches of the 24th round of the Football Premier League of Ukraine will be held on May 3-4
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702725-matci-24go-turu-futbolnoi-premerligi-ukraini-projdut-34-travna.html
On the Eastern Front, the enemy concentrates efforts on the capture of Bakhmut and Marinka - Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703854-na-shidnomu-fronti-vorog-koncentrue-zusilla-na-zahoplenni-bahmuta-ta-marinki-minoboroni.html
The Council adopted a law on quality assurance of higher education
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703852-rada-uhvalila-zakon-sodo-zabezpecenna-akosti-visoi-osviti.html
In Uganda a soldier killed a minister who was guarded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703848-v-ugandi-soldat-ubiv-ministra-akogo-ohoronav.html
In Spain, the cartoon "Mavka. Forest Song »for the first week of rolled up more than € 321 500
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3703846-v-ispanii-multfilm-mavka-lisova-pisna-za-persij-tizden-prokatu-zibrav-ponad-3215-tisaci.html
Zelensky: There will be many negotiations and international events that will strengthen our defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703847-zelenskij-bude-bagato-peregovoriv-i-miznarodnih-zahodiv-aki-posilat-nasu-oboronu.html
Epiphanius does not see the point in a possible association with the UOC MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703841-epifanij-ne-bacit-sensu-v-mozlivomu-obednanni-z-upc-mp.html
Tkachenko announced the work of the MKIP commission in Pochaiv Lavra
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703838-tkacenko-anonsuvav-robotu-komisii-mkip-u-pocaivskij-lavri.html
Blinken explained how the United States refers to the prospects of "peacekeeping" of China in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703800-blinken-poasniv-ak-ssa-stavlatsa-do-perspektiv-mirotvorstva-kitau-v-ukraini.html
Russian army shelled Nikopol late evening yesterday
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/51336
Zaporizka Oblast(09:30). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44203
Sumska Oblast, Chernihivska Oblast(09:37). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take co...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44205
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(09:48). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44206
3 Russian servicemen wounded as result of explosion of devices dropped from the drones at Sus...
https://twitter.com/olehbatkovych/status/1653302664518590467
Russian army conducted missile strike at Kramatorsk
https://t.me/pavlokyrylenko_donoda/7775
Sumy region, Poltava region, Zaporizhzhya region, Donetsk region (12:31). Red Alrt: Aerial T ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44216
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(12:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24431
1 person killed, 4 wounded as result of shelling in Bilozerka community of Kherson region
https://t.me/channel24_ua/86665
Deputy commander of occupational police in Zaporizhzhia region wounded as result of explosion...
https://t.me/rusbrief/113602
Zaporizka Oblast(14:32). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12533
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(14:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/14971
Kirovohrad region, Mykolaiv, Mykolaiv region, Kherson, Kherson region (14: ZZ). Red and ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44229
Russian airplanes dropped 2 guided bombs at the island near Veletenske village, killing 3 and...
https://t.me/babel/31796
Explosions were reported in Zaporizhzhia
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12532
Air defense is active in South-Western Crimea
https://t.me/huyovy_kharkiv/108012
Ukrainian Parliament extended Martial law and general mobilisation for another 90 days
https://t.me/ukrinform_news/97788
Donetsk Oblast, Zaporizka Oblast(15:41). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cove...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44239
Explosions were reported in Sevastopol, according to occupational authorities due to the train...
https://t.me/Tsaplienko/30948
Russian army shelled Nikopol district 4 times today, used drones against Marhanets community
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/51387
Freight train derailed in Briansk region of Russia in a suspected saboteur attack
https://t.me/ENews112/13685
Chernihivska Oblast, Sumska Oblast(20:51). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take co...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44247
Zaporizka Oblast(21:27). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44249
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(21:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/14986
Chernihivska Oblast(21:48). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18195
Donetsk Oblast(21:54). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44252
1 person killed as result of shelling in Kozatske of Nova Kakhovka community of Kherson region
https://t.me/suspilnenews/20358
Explosions were reported in Kherson
https://t.me/suspilnenews/20359
Shelling reported in Kharkiv region
https://t.me/kharkivlife/60296
NAPC revealed signs of illegal enrichment of People's Deputy Shol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703688-nazk-viavilo-oznaki-nezakonnogo-zbagacenna-narodnoi-deputatki-sol.html
The military memorial cemetery will be on the Brovarsky Prospect - the Council approved the law
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703689-vijskove-memorialne-kladovise-bude-na-brovarskomu-prospekti-rada-uhvalila-zakon.html
In Belarus, the number of military people decreased to 2800 - border guards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703690-u-bilorusi-kilkist-vijskovih-rf-zmensilasa-do-2800-prikordonniki.html
The Council recognized the political regime in Russia as "rashism"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703692-rada-zvernulas-do-svitu-iz-zaklikom-zasuditi-rasizm-ta-viznati-rf-derzavouteroristom.html
OP specified the consequences of the shelling of Kherson region: the Russians dropped two airbags, three dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703696-v-op-utocnili-naslidki-obstrilu-hersonsini-rosiani-skinuli-dvi-aviabombi-troe-zagiblih.html
Eight Russians were not allowed to participate in the 2023 World Cup with Judo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703697-vismoh-rosian-ne-dopustili-do-ucasti-na-cs2023-z-dzudo.html
The MKIP commission handed over 16 buildings of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra in satisfactory condition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703699-komisia-mkip-peredala-u-koristuvanna-16-korpusiv-kievopecerskoi-lavri-u-zadovilnomu-stani.html
Leros declares that the Supreme Court found illegal the decision of the Verkhovna Rada to remove from meetings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703701-leros-zaavlae-so-verhovnij-sud-viznav-nezakonnim-risenna-vr-pro-vidstoronenna-vid-zasidan.html
Football Youth Team will hold a gathering in Austria
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703703-molodizna-zbirna-ukraini-z-futbolu-provede-zbir-v-avstrii.html
BP calls the world to impose sanctions against "Rosatom"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703705-vr-zaklikae-svit-zaprovaditi-sankcii-proti-rosatomu.html
What will change in the work of military -doctor commissions - the Council has approved two laws
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703706-so-zminitsa-u-roboti-vijskovolikarskih-komisij-rada-uhvalila-dva-zakoni.html
Emeruga is launched on 16 checkpoints in the western direction - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703719-ecergu-zapuskaut-na-16-punktah-propusku-v-zahidnomu-napramku-smigal.html
The Chop Border Squad will be borne
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703708-copskij-prikordonnij-zagin-pozivatimetsa-cerez-zvinuvacenna-u-smerti-vedmeda.html
In Munich there was an event dedicated to Ukraine and people who help it
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3703694-u-munheni-vidbuvsa-zahid-prisvacenij-ukraini-ta-ludam-aki-ij-dopomagaut.html
The excellence of education was the first vice -rector of Chernihiv Polytechnic
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703714-eksministr-osviti-skarlet-stav-persim-prorektorom-cernigivskoi-politehniki.html
The SBU prevented Iran engines to military transport aircraft
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703716-sbu-zapobigla-vivezennu-v-iran-dviguniv-do-vijskovotransportnih-litakiv.html
Serbia and Kosovo leaders renew negotiations to normalize EU -supporting relationships
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703717-lideri-serbii-ta-kosova-ponovluut-peregovori-sodo-normalizacii-vidnosin-za-pidtrimki-es.html
Government improves a single digital system management system
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3703730-urad-udoskonalue-edinu-cifrovu-sistemu-upravlinna-procesom-vidbudovi.html
The Council adopted a law on termination of navigation at the time of martial law
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703720-rada-uhvalila-zakon-pro-pripinenna-sudnoplavstva-na-cas-voennogo-stanu.html
US House Speaker urged Russia to leave Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703722-spiker-palati-predstavnikiv-ssa-zaklikav-rosiu-piti-z-ukraini.html
Blokhin received the Order of "Legend of Ukrainian Football"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703725-blohin-otrimav-orden-legenda-ukrainskogo-futbolu.html
The government launches a corporatization procedure
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703726-urad-zapuskae-proceduru-korporatizacii-energoatomu.html
In the Nikolaev area, a project of a house for 1700 apartments for displaced persons was developed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3703665-na-mikolaivsini-rozrobili-proekt-budinku-na-1700-kvartir-dla-pereselenciv.html
Luke Modrich rejected the proposal "Al-Drag"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703729-modric-vidhiliv-propoziciu-alnasra.html
Ukraine launched a modernized power line with Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703731-ukraina-zapustila-modernizovanu-liniu-elektroperedaci-z-polseu.html
The Kherson Ova begins to develop a project of complex restoration of the region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3703733-hersonska-ova-pocinae-rozroblati-proekt-kompleksnogo-vidnovlenna-oblasti.html
The Kenyan Cult Leader Put before the Court for Death 100 Secignities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703734-lider-kenijskogo-kultu-postav-pered-sudom-cerez-smert-100-sektantiv.html
Israel states that the Gaza Sector has released 22 rockets in its territory - there are victims
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703737-izrail-zaavlae-so-sektor-gazi-vipustiv-po-jogo-teritorii-22-raketi-e-postrazdali.html
The Council supported a law on taxation of controlled foreign companies
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703738-rada-pidtrimala-zakonoproekt-pro-opodatkuvanna-kontrolovanih-inozemnih-kompanij.html
In the power of terroborons denied the death of the commander of the dancers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703740-u-silah-teroboroni-sprostuvali-zagibel-komanduvaca-tancuri.html
In Irpen opened the built -up after enemy artob archers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3703741-v-irpeni-vidkrili-vidbudovanij-pisla-vorozih-artobstriliv-viddil-policii.html
Dovzhenko-Center's claim to Derzhkino: the court began to hear the case
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3703745-pozov-dovzenkocentru-do-derzkino-sud-pocav-rozglad-spravi.html
Almost 8.9 thousand new coronavirus cases were recorded in Ukraine in a week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703746-v-ukraini-za-tizden-zafiksuvali-majze-89-tisaci-novih-vipadkiv-koronavirusu.html
Ukraine came out of another CIS agreement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703748-ukraina-vijsla-se-z-odniei-ugodi-snd.html
In Zaporozhye, Ukrainian fighters destroyed a hostile drone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703750-na-zaporizzi-ukrainski-bijci-znisili-vorozij-bezpilotnik.html
In the Donbass, almost 200 prisoners were placed in the Sizo because of the refusal of Russian passports - human rights activists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703751-na-donbasi-majze-200-uvaznenih-pomistili-v-sizo-cerez-vidmovu-vid-pasportiv-rf-pravozahisniki.html
The government has created the Valley Stryi Industrial Park in Lviv Region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703752-urad-stvoriv-industrialnij-park-dolina-strij-na-lvivsini.html
The new Ambassador of Ukraine to Latvia began its work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703754-novij-posol-ukraini-v-latvii-rozpocav-svou-robotu.html
Border guards repelled the attack in Bakhmut, the Russians have departed with losses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703758-prikordonniki-vidbili-ataku-u-bahmuti-rosiani-vidijsli-z-vtratami.html
Ombudsman's office named the most common violations in the settlements of displaced persons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703757-ofis-ombudsmena-nazvav-najposirenisi-porusenna-u-miscah-poselenna-pereselenciv.html
US seeks China forced Russia to end war - Ambassador
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703759-ssa-pragnut-abi-kitaj-zmusiv-rosiu-pripiniti-vijnu-posol.html
Next year Ukraine can take the starting phase of Dwiitalia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703760-nastupnogo-roku-ukraina-moze-prijnati-startovij-etap-dziro-ditalia.html
The Government has appointed the Provisional Head of the State Forest Agency
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703761-urad-priznaciv-timcasovogo-kerivnika-derzlisagentstva.html
The Council will create a working commission to resolve the situation with military payments
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703762-u-radi-stvorat-robocu-komisiu-dla-vreguluvanna-situacii-z-viplatami-vijskovim.html
The government has expanded the list of displaced persons entitled to temporary housing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703763-urad-rozsiriv-perelik-pereselenciv-aki-maut-pravo-na-timcasove-zitlo.html
The All -Russian Athletics Federation has refused to take Sevastopol and Crimea to its composition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703764-vserosijska-federacia-legkoi-atletiki-vidmovilasa-prijmati-do-svogo-skladu-sevastopol-ta-krim.html
Ministry of Finance: State budget deficit in four months - almost 253 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703766-minfin-deficit-derzbudzetu-za-cotiri-misaci-majze-253-milardi.html
Field Multiplication: About 70 thousand hectares have already been surveyed in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703769-rozminuvanna-poliv-v-ukraini-obstezili-vze-blizko-70-tisac-gektariv.html
The Russians fired a village in Kherson region, wounded teenager
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703773-rosiani-obstrilali-selo-na-hersonsini-poranenij-pidlitok.html
In Kharkiv region, two mechanizers died and died in the field
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703718-na-harkivsini-pidirvalisa-u-poli-dvoe-mehanizatoriv.html
Ukraine's women's national team has determined the extended composition at the Golden Volleyball European League match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703777-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-viznacila-rozsirenij-sklad-na-matci-zolotoi-evroligi-z-volejbolu.html
In the occupied Crimea, the Court left under the arrest of a human rights activist Jepperov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3703778-v-okupovanomu-krimu-sud-zalisiv-pid-arestom-pravozahisnika-dzepparova.html
Ukraine in April reduced the export of agricultural products - UKAB by one third
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703780-ukraina-u-kvitni-na-tretinu-skorotila-eksport-agroprodukcii-ukab.html
NATO at the Summit in Vilnius should provide Ukraine with security guarantees - Moravetsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703782-nato-na-samiti-u-vilnusi-mae-nadati-ukraini-garantii-bezpeki-moraveckij.html
Denmark will allocate to Ukraine about $ 250 million for military needs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703784-dania-vidilit-ukraini-blizko-250-miljoniv-na-vijskovi-potrebi.html
Ukraine has terminated with Syria Agreement on Trade, Economic and Technical Cooperation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703786-ukraina-rozirvala-z-sirieu-ugodu-pro-torgovelnu-ekonomicnu-i-tehnicnu-spivpracu.html
Road Roads restored the direct connection of Lviv - Truskavets - Skhidnytsia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3703792-dorozniki-vidnovili-prame-spolucenna-lviv-truskavec-shidnica.html
The Russians fired the village in Chernihiv region, seven homes were damaged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703793-rosiani-obstrilali-selo-na-cernigivsini-poskodzeni-sim-budinkiv.html
The enemy comes in four directions, the most fierce battles - for Bakhmut and Marinka
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703794-vorog-nastupae-na-cotiroh-napramkah-najzapeklisi-boi-za-bahmut-i-marinku.html
Zelensky for the first time in history spoke with the President of the Comomus Islands
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703796-zelenskij-uperse-v-istorii-pogovoriv-z-prezidentom-komorskih-ostroviv.html
The occupational leadership of Zaporizhzhya NPP is urgently asked for "vacation"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703798-okupacijne-kerivnictvo-zaporizkoi-aes-ekstreno-prositsa-u-vidpustki.html
Snow Maidu made it to the second circle of ITF tennis tournament in Spain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703799-snigur-probilasa-do-drugogo-kola-tenisnogo-turniru-itf-v-ispanii.html
The loosest blows of the occupiers on civilians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703595-smertonosni-udari-zapodiani-ukraincam-vid-pocatku-velikoi-vijni.html
Chernihiv region received four school buses from France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703801-cernigivsina-otrimala-cotiri-skilni-avtobusi-vid-francii.html
Zelensky met with the head of Parliament of Portugal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703804-zelenskij-zustrivsa-z-golovou-parlamentu-portugalii.html
The Government has improved the order of registration of military personnel in captivity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703803-urad-udoskonaliv-poradok-oformlenna-dovidok-pro-perebuvanna-vijskovih-u-poloni.html
The Ministry of Finance has placed the T -bills another 12 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703806-minfin-rozmistiv-ovdp-se-na-12-milardiv.html
In the estuary
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703807-na-limanskokupanskomu-napramku-vorog-die-obaclivise-i-ne-jde-na-sturm-cerevatij.html
Sudan's military groups agreed the truce from 4 to 11 May
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703808-vijskovi-ugrupovanna-sudanu-pogodili-peremira-z-4-po-11-travna.html
Started Podkast with fairy tales and stories about Mariupol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3703811-startuvav-podkast-iz-kazkami-ta-istoriami-pro-mariupol.html
Prohibition on fish and timber from Russia: The Council calls for the world to expand sanctions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703814-zaborona-na-ribu-i-derevinu-z-rosii-rada-zaklikae-svit-rozsiriti-sankcii.html
KOSKOKUK RESPONSUKS IN THE SEEFINALY of WTA tournament in Madrid became famous
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703815-stali-vidomi-supernici-kostuk-u-pivfinali-turniru-wta-v-madridi.html
In Donetsk, a family with five children whose father was killed during shelling was evacuated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703817-na-doneccini-evakuuvali-rodinu-z-patma-ditmi-batko-akih-zaginuv-pid-cas-obstrilu.html
Multi -enthusiastic test errors can be corrected by May 7
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703818-pomilki-pri-reestracii-na-multipredmetnij-test-mozna-vipraviti-do-7-travna.html
Moravetsky reacted to threats to Polish Avivation in Moscow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703819-moraveckij-vidreaguvav-na-pogrozi-polskomu-poslu-v-moskvi.html
The Council adopted a law on service in local self -government bodies
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703822-rada-uhvalila-zakon-pro-sluzbu-v-organah-miscevogo-samovraduvanna.html
PCC will decide on the transition to a new calendar in May - Epiphany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703824-pcu-viznacitsa-z-perehodom-na-novij-kalendar-u-travni-epifanij.html
Ukraine is preparing a large sanction package for the Russian Federation - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703827-ukraina-gotue-velikij-sankcijnij-paket-dla-rf-zelenskij.html
In support of the victims as a result of rocket stroke on Pavlograd was allocated 9 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703829-na-pidtrimku-postrazdalih-vnaslidok-raketnogo-udaru-po-pavlogradu-vidilili-9-miljoniv.html
In the occupied Crimea, the case of civil journalist Danilovich was returned to the court of first instance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3703830-v-okupovanomu-krimu-spravu-zurnalistki-danilovic-povernuli-u-sud-persoi-instancii.html
In Odesa region, the Ukrainian military blown up a sea mine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703832-na-odesini-ukrainski-vijskovi-pidirvali-morsku-minu.html
The enemy fired at Nikopol region four times, there is a destruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703836-vorog-cotiri-razi-obstrilav-nikopolsinu-e-rujnuvanna.html
"Customs visa": In seven months, almost 4.5 thousand transit declarations were issued
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703833-mitnij-bezviz-za-sim-misaciv-oformili-majze-45-tisaci-tranzitnih-deklaracij.html
In Ukraine, 13 unique samples of amber were introduced to the historic fund of gemstone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703834-v-ukraini-13-unikalnih-zrazkiv-burstinu-vnesli-do-istoricnogo-fondu-dorogocinnogo-kaminna.html
The European Commission has banned the import of individual agricultural products from Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3703840-evrokomisia-zaboronila-import-okremih-agroproduktiv-z-ukraini.html
Tkachenko announced the work of the MKIP commission in Pochaiv Lavra
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703838-tkacenko-anonsuvav-robotu-komisii-mkip-u-pocaivskij-lavri.html
Epiphanius does not see the point in a possible association with the UOC MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703841-epifanij-ne-bacit-sensu-v-mozlivomu-obednanni-z-upc-mp.html
Zelensky: There will be many negotiations and international events that will strengthen our defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703847-zelenskij-bude-bagato-peregovoriv-i-miznarodnih-zahodiv-aki-posilat-nasu-oboronu.html
In Spain, the cartoon "Mavka. Forest Song »for the first week of rolled up more than € 321 500
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3703846-v-ispanii-multfilm-mavka-lisova-pisna-za-persij-tizden-prokatu-zibrav-ponad-3215-tisaci.html
In Uganda, a soldier killed a minister who guarded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703848-v-ugandi-soldat-ubiv-ministra-akogo-ohoronav.html
The Council adopted a law on quality assurance of higher education
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703852-rada-uhvalila-zakon-sodo-zabezpecenna-akosti-visoi-osviti.html
On the Eastern Front, the enemy concentrates efforts on the capture of Bakhmut and Marinka - Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703854-na-shidnomu-fronti-vorog-koncentrue-zusilla-na-zahoplenni-bahmuta-ta-marinki-minoboroni.html
Matches of the 24th round of the Football Premier League of Ukraine will be held on May 3-4
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3702725-matci-24go-turu-futbolnoi-premerligi-ukraini-projdut-34-travna.html
Vienna will show documentaries about Russian Crimes in Ukraine in the Vienna Cinema in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3703856-u-kinoteatri-vidna-pokazut-dokumentalni-filmi-pro-voenni-zlocini-rf-v-ukraini.html
On the basis of the invaders near Simferopol there was an explosion - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3703859-na-bazi-zagarbnikiv-poblizu-simferopola-stavsa-vibuh-zmi.html
BP in the first reading adopted a bill on reform in the advertising market
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703861-vr-u-persomu-citanni-uhvalila-zakonoproekt-pro-reformu-na-rinku-reklami.html
Residents Tot can take Russian passports to keep their lives - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3703864-ziteli-tot-mozut-brati-rosijski-pasporti-abi-zberegti-sobi-zitta-danilov.html
In the Bryansk region, for the second time in two days, the tracks were blown up - the freight train came down from the rails
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703863-u-branskij-oblasti-vdruge-za-dvi-dobi-pidirvali-zaliznicni-kolii-z-rejok-zijsov-vantaznij-potag.html
The Russian Federation in cyberspace, as well as on the battlefield, tries to attack civilian infrastructure - the State Security Service
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3703865-rf-u-kiberprostori-ak-i-na-poli-bou-namagaetsa-atakuvati-civilnu-infrastrukturu-derzspeczvazku.html
The European Commission tomorrow will present an Act for the Production of Ammunition for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703867-evrokomisia-zavtra-predstavit-akt-z-pidtrimki-virobnictva-boepripasiv-dla-ukraini.html
Moldova's expression was charged with airport concession
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703868-ekspremeru-moldovi-visunuli-zvinuvacenna-cerez-koncesiu-aeroportu.html
The enemy fired at artillery and mortars from four more settlements of Sumy region and Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703869-vorog-obstrilav-z-artilerii-ta-minometiv-se-cotiri-naseleni-punkti-sumsini-i-cernigivsini.html
La Liga: Barcelona for the most part minimally beat Osasun
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703871-la-liga-barselona-u-bilsosti-minimalno-obigrala-osasunu.html
White House: We are glad to hear from speaker McCarthy words to support Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703872-bilij-dim-mi-radi-pocuti-vid-spikera-makkarti-slova-na-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
Russian troops fired two settlements in Kherson region, is dead and wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703873-vijska-rf-obstrilali-dva-selisa-na-hersonsini-e-zagiblij-i-poranena.html
Pentagon confirmed that he would continue to assist Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703876-pentagon-pidtverdiv-so-prodovzit-nadavati-dopomogu-ukraini.html
President awarded 63 military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703877-prezident-nagorodiv-63-vijskovih.html
Putin, Lukashenko and other dictators were not invited to the coronation of Charles III - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703882-putina-lukasenka-ta-insih-diktatoriv-ne-zaprosili-na-koronaciu-carlza-iii-zmi.html
Yermak met with Ukrainian and foreign journalists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3703883-ermak-zustrivsa-z-ukrainskimi-j-inozemnimi-zurnalistami.html
APL: "Arsenal" with Zinchenko beat the "Chelsea" wise
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703884-apl-arsenal-iz-zincenkom-peregrav-celsi-mudrika.html
A meeting with families of captured Marines took place at the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodynamy-polonenyh-morskyh-pihotyncziv/
Condemned Kharkiv, who gave the enemy the position of air defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/zasudzheno-harkivyanyna-yakyj-zdavav-vorogu-pozycziyi-ppo/
The occupier complains of forced fund raising in the unit - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/okupant-skarzhytsya-na-prymusovyj-zbir-koshtiv-u-pidrozdili-perehoplennya-gur/
"White Angels" provided bread of all residents of the frontal village of Tornsky Liman Community
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/bili-yangoly-zabezpechyly-hlibom-vsih-meshkancziv-pryfrontovogo-sela-torske-lymanskoyi-gromady/
We develop innovations and cybersecurity: Ukraine and Japan have signed a memorandum of cooperation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/rozvyvayemo-innovacziyi-ta-kiberbezpeku-ukrayina-ta-yaponiya-pidpysaly-memorandum-pro-spivpraczyu/
Coordinating Headquarters on Defense of Prisoners
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-z-pytan-povodzhennya-z-vijskovopolonenym-proviv-vyyiznu-zustrich-z-predstavnykamy-globsec/
Narrative of the day from the Russian media: "Our main task: to defeat all enemies"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/naratyv-dnya-vid-rosijskyh-zmi-nashe-golovne-zavdannya-zavdaty-porazky-vsim-vorogam/
乌克兰总统以个人勇气和奉献精神授予捍卫者
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/prezydent-ukrayiny-nagorodyv-zahysnykiv-za-osobystu-muzhnist-i-samoviddanist/
Aviation of Defense Forces struck seven blows on the positions of the invaders and destroyed the UAV "Orlan-10"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-sim-udariv-po-pozycziyah-okupantiv-ta-znyshhyla-bpla-orlan-10/
The occupiers reinforce counterintelligence and police regimes to Tot
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/okupanty-posylyuyut-kontrrozviduvalnyj-ta-policzejskyj-rezhymy-na-tot/
Defense forces repelled 41 attacks in Liman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/syly-oborony-vidbyly-41-ataku-na-lymanskomu-bahmutskomu-avdiyivskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah/
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated nearly 500 invaders, destroyed 9 artistem
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-9-artsystem/
Alexei Reznikov had a telephone conversation with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Iceland - thanked for his support
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/oleksij-reznikov-mav-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-ministrom-zakordonnyh-sprav-islandiyi-podyakuvav-za-pidtrymku/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Ukraine has gained an advantage in confrontation of cyberattacks and information aggression of the Russian Federation - NSDC
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/ukrayina-zdobula-perevagu-u-protystoyanni-kiberatakam-ta-informaczijnij-agresiyi-rf-rnbo/
NATO Membership in NATO: State Department adheres to open door policy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/chlenstvo-ukrayiny-v-nato-derzhdep-dotrymuyetsya-polityky-vidkrytyh-dverej/
At night, the army of the Russian Federation fired at the border of Sumy region and Chernihiv region from mortars and artillery barrels
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/vnochi-armiya-rf-obstrilyala-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-i-chernigivshhyny-z-minometiv-ta-stvolnoyi-artyleriyi/
President of Poland: Ukraine's membership in the European Union is one of the main priorities of Poland's presidency in the EU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/prezydent-polshhi-chlenstvo-ukrayiny-v-yevrosoyuzi-odyn-iz-golovnyh-priorytetiv-golovuvannya-polshhi-v-yes/
More than 600 explosive items have been neutralized per day of Pyrotechnics of SESS
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-600-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-3/
Has worked a single register of missing persons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/zapraczyuvav-yedynyj-reyestr-znyklyh-bezvisty-osib/
Made a number of necessary decisions for effective defense in the Bakhmut direction - Alexander Syrsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/uhvalyly-nyzku-neobhidnyh-rishen-dlya-efektyvnoyi-oborony-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-oleksandr-syrskyj/
During the day, rescuers have almost 300 times left for the elimination of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-majzhe-300-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv/
Round table "Contribution of Ukraine and Ukrainians to Victory in World War II"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/kruglyj-stil-vnesok-ukrayiny-ta-ukrayincziv-u-peremogu-v-ii-svitovij-vijni/
Poland is interested in repeling Ukraine with Russian aggression - Andrzej Duda
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/polshha-zaczikavlena-v-tomu-aby-ukrayina-dala-vidsich-rosijskij-agresiyi-andzhej-duda/
Procedure for providing servicemen for health vacation: clarification
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/poryadok-nadannya-vijskovosluzhbovczyam-vidpustky-za-stanom-zdorovya-rozyasnennya/
As a result of enemy shelling, 85 infrastructure objects were affected
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/vnaslidok-obstriliv-rosarmiyeyu-urazheno-85-obyektiv-infrastruktury/
President of Ukraine: Our state has already proven that it is able to win
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/prezydent-ukrayiny-nasha-derzhava-vzhe-dovela-shho-vmiye-peremagaty/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 84 thousand military crimes have been documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-84-tysyachi-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
With the participation of the military orchestra, the concert round "Art Artillery. Together to victory!"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/za-uchastyu-vijskovogo-orkestru-startuvav-konczertnyj-tur-mysteczka-artyleriya-razom-do-peremogy/
The former "Don Cossack" was suspected of cooperation with the occupation administration in Lisichansk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/kolyshnomu-donskomu-kozaku-ogolosheno-pidozru-za-spivpraczyu-z-okupaczijnoyu-administracziyeyu-v-lysychansku/
The captivity of the Ukrainian military is officially confirmed only by the Ministry of Defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/poranenyh-vazhkohvoryh-czyvilnyh-zhinok-i-ditej-rf-povynna-vidpustyty-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
More than 20 "calibers": the Russian Federation holds the rocket carrier in the Black Sea, four more - in the Mediterranean
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/ponad-20-kalibriv-rf-utrymuye-raketonosij-u-chornomu-mori-shhe-chotyry-u-seredzemnomu/
The former Yanukovych's former Head of Security for the Assistance to the Occupants in Kherson is informed of the suspicion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-kolyshnomu-kerivnyku-ohorony-yanukovycha-za-dopomogu-okupantam-na-hersonshhyni/
Alexei Reznikov: The Russian Federation can voice another "goodwill gesture" under the pretext of man -made disaster
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/oleksij-reznikov-rf-mozhe-ozvuchyty-chergovyj-zhest-dobroyi-voli-pid-pryvodom-tehnogennoyi-katastrofy/
In Kharkiv, an exponent who swore allegiance to the aggressor state will be judged
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/u-harkovi-sudytymut-ekspolicziyanta-yakyj-prysyagnuv-na-virnist-derzhavi-agresoru/
The current aggression of the Russian Federation is a consequence of the non -punishment of the Soviet regime for solving the Second World War
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/nynishnya-agresiya-rf-ye-naslidkom-nepokarannya-radyanskogo-rezhymu-za-rozvyazannya-ii-svitovoyi-vijny/
The enemy informant who "cited" Russian missiles in Slavyansk was detained
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/zatrymano-vorozhogo-informatora-yakyj-navodyv-rosijski-rakety-na-slovyansk/
Border fires: in Sumy region, houses, educational and infrastructure are destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/obstrily-prykordonnya-na-sumshhyni-zrujnovani-budynky-zaklad-osvity-ta-infrastruktury/
In Kiev began to test early alert systems received from Israel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/u-kyyevi-rozpochaly-testuvaty-systemy-rannogo-opovishhennya-otrymani-vid-izrayilyu/
8 Guards of the offensive are formed and will come under the command of defense forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/8-brygad-gvardiyi-nastupu-sformovani-i-nadijdut-pid-komanduvannya-syl-oborony/
New Zealand instructors are preparing Ukrainian defenders to protect the country from Russian aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/novozelandski-instruktory-gotuyut-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv-zahyshhaty-krayinu-vid-agresiyi-rf/
The enemy is constantly changing his tactics - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/protyvnyk-postijno-zminyuye-svoyu-taktyku-yurij-ignat/
The priority of Ukrainian defenders in Invictus Games is a rehabilitation component
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/priorytetom-uchasti-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv-v-invictus-games-ye-reabilitaczijna-skladova/
China for the first time support the UN resolution in which Russia is called aggressor
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/kytaj-vpershe-pidtrymav-rezolyucziyu-oon-v-yakij-rosiyu-nazvano-agresorom/
Border shelling: In 4 hours in Sumy region and Chernihiv, more than 50 explosions were heard
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/obstrily-prykordonnya-za-4-godyny-na-sumshhyni-i-chernigivshhyni-prolunalo-ponad-50-vybuhiv/
The enemy uses false goals for the sake of dispersing attention and exhausting our air defense system - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/vorog-vykorystovuye-hybni-czili-zadlya-rozoseredzhuvannya-uvagy-ta-vysnazhuvannya-nashoyi-systemy-ppo-yurij-ignat/
The Council supported the construction of the National Military Cemetery in Bykivna
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/rada-pidtrymala-budivnycztvo-naczionalnogo-vijskovogo-kladovyshha-u-bykivni/
The Russians are approaching the Guinness Record for setting Bakhmut's capture dates - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/rosiyany-nablyzhayutsya-do-rekordu-ginnesa-shhodo-vstanovlennya-dat-iz-zahoplennya-bahmuta-sergij-cherevatyj/
In Ukraine continued martial law and mobilization
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/v-ukrayini-prodovzhyly-voyennyj-stan-i-mobilizacziyu/
Officially: The Verkhovna Rada recognized the political regime in Russia "Rashism"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/oficzijno-verhovna-rada-vyznala-politychnyj-rezhym-u-rosiyi-rashyzmom/
The attempt to take illegal export to Iran engines to military transport aircraft has been stopped
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/zupynena-sproba-nelegalnogo-vyvezennya-v-iran-dvyguniv-do-vijskovo-transportnyh-litakiv/
In Kharkiv presented a Ukrainian UAV called Sirko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/u-harkovi-prezentuvaly-pershyj-ukrayinskyj-bpla-pid-nazvoyu-sirko/
Military doctors received modern equipment from Poland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/vijskovi-medyky-otrymaly-suchasnu-aparaturu-vid-polshhi/
In the Liman-Kupian direction, the enemy mostly uses regular armed forces of the Russian Federation-Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/na-lymansko-kupyanskomu-napryamku-vorog-zdebilshogo-vykorystovuye-regulyarni-zbrojni-syly-rf-sergij-cherevatyj/
Ukrainian "Storm" and "Lightning" is still ahead - Cyril Budanov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/ukrayinski-burya-i-blyskavka-shhe-poperedu-kyrylo-budanov/
The officer of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation was convicted, who incited a citizen of Ukraine to state betrayal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/zasudzheno-oficzera-generalnogo-shtabu-zs-rf-yakyj-pidburyuvav-gromadyanyna-ukrayiny-do-derzhavnoyi-zrady/
The enemy has caused 3 missile and 30 aviation strikes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/protyvnyk-zavdav-3-raketnyh-ta-30-aviaczijnyh-udariv/
The enemy focused on the main efforts on Liman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/vorog-zoseredyv-osnovni-zusyllya-na-lymanskomu-bahmutskomu-avdiyivskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah/
For the first time in history: President of Ukraine met with the President of the Union
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/vpershe-v-istoriyi-prezydent-ukrayiny-zustrivsya-z-prezydentom-soyuzu-komorskyh-ostroviv/
The enemy fired massively settlements in Zaporizhzhya and Kherson directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/vorog-masovo-obstrilyuye-naseleni-punkty-na-zaporizkomu-ta-hersonskomu-napryamkah/
Anna Malyar: Wounded who cannot perform combat tasks and brought to commanders will be appointed to other positions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/ganna-malyar-poranenyh-yaki-ne-mozhut-vykonuvaty-bojovi-zavdannya-i-vyvedeni-v-rozporyadzhennya-komandyriv-budut-pryznachaty-na-inshi-posady/
The Head of State met with the chairman of Parliament of Portugal Augushta Santush Silva
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/glava-derzhavy-proviv-zustrich-iz-golovoyu-parlamentu-portugaliyi-augushtu-santushem-silvoyu/
On the Eastern Front, the enemy concentrates the main efforts on the capture of Bakhmut and Marinka - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/na-shidnomu-fronti-vorog-konczentruye-osnovni-zusyllya-na-zahoplenni-bahmuta-ta-maryinky-ganna-malyar/
Alexei Reznikov had a telephone conversation with Finland's Defense Minister
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/oleksij-reznikov-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-ministrom-oborony-finlyandiyi/
In the face of the active phase of war it is impossible to make an accurate calculation of losses - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/v-umovah-aktyvnoyi-fazy-vijny-nemozhlyvo-zdijsnyty-tochnyj-pidrahunok-vtrat-ganna-malyar/
The Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine called on other countries to impose sanctions on "Rosatom"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/verhovna-rada-ukrayiny-zaklykala-inshi-krayiny-naklasty-sankcziyi-na-rosatom/
The Government has improved the order of registration of certificates of stay of servicemen in captivity
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/uryad-udoskonalyv-poryadok-oformlennya-dovidok-pro-perebuvannya-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-u-poloni/
We have already taken a huge step to improve the work of military medical commissions-Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/namy-vzhe-zrobleno-velycheznyj-krok-shhodo-pokrashhennya-roboty-vijskovo-likarskyh-komisij-ganna-malyar/
In Cherkasy region children were taught military affairs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/na-cherkashhyni-ditej-navchaly-vijskovij-spravi/
Russians use the Stalinist method of "migration of peoples", fearing resistance from our citizens - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/na-tymchasovo-okupovanyh-terytoriyah-ukrayiny-rosiyany-zastosovuyut-stalinskyj-metod-pereselennya-narodiv-poboyuyuchys-oporu-z-boku-nashyh-gromadyan-ganna-malyar/
We are preparing a large sanction package, the decision is soon - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/gotuyemo-velykyj-sankczijnyj-paket-rishennya-vzhe-nezabarom-prezydenta-ukrayiny/
Direct loss of Ukraine during the Second World War amounted to about 7 million people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/pryami-vtraty-ukrayiny-pid-chas-ii-svitovoyi-vijny-sklaly-blyzko-7-mln-osib/
Changed to the Armed Forces Statute to improve the treatment of military personnel during martial law
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/vneseni-zmini-do-statutu-zsu-shhodo-udoskonalennya-pytan-likuvannya-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-pid-chas-diyi-voyennogo-stanu/
Short. War. Day 433
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/korotko-vijna-den-433/
In the Kyiv region and in the capital there are air defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703887-na-kiivsini-pracue-ppo.html
In Ukraine - from 2 ° to 21 ° heat, mostly without precipitation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703638-v-ukraini-zavtra-vid-2-do-21-tepla-perevazno-bez-opadiv.html
Despite the fierce fighting, the situation at the front in Ukraine remains static - Pentagon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703880-popri-zapekli-boi-situacia-na-fronti-v-ukraini-zalisaetsa-staticnou-pentagon.html
In Kiev and the region - air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703886-u-kievi-ta-oblasti-povitrana-trivoga.html
Israeli Aviation strikes Gaza Sector in response to rocket fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703885-aviacia-izrailu-zavdae-udariv-po-sektoru-gazi-u-vidpovid-na-raketnij-obstril.html
Israeli Aviation strikes Gaza Sector in response to rocket fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3703885-aviacia-izrailu-zavdae-udariv-po-sektoru-gazi-u-vidpovid-na-raketnij-obstril.html
In Kiev and the region - air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703886-u-kievi-ta-oblasti-povitrana-trivoga.html
Despite the fierce fighting, the situation at the front in Ukraine remains static - Pentagon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703880-popri-zapekli-boi-situacia-na-fronti-v-ukraini-zalisaetsa-staticnou-pentagon.html
In Ukraine - from 2 ° to 21 ° heat, mostly without precipitation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3703638-v-ukraini-zavtra-vid-2-do-21-tepla-perevazno-bez-opadiv.html
In the Kyiv region and in the capital there are air defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3703887-na-kiivsini-pracue-ppo.html
The representation of the President of Ukraine to the Autonomous Republic of Crimea discussed youth policy after the peninsula is de -occupying
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/u-predstavnycztvi-prezydenta-ukrayiny-v-ar-krym-obgovoryly-molodizhnu-polityku-pislya-deokupacziyi-pivostrova/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====