乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-07-07

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

The occupiers want to take out the historical artifacts of Chersonese from Crimea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/okupanty-hochut-vyvezty-istorychni-artefakty-hersonesa-z-krymu/
Over the past day, Ukrainian aviation has struck 13 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/za-mynulu-dobu-ukrayinska-aviacziya-zavdala-13-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
In four directions per day there were 38 combat clashes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/na-chotyroh-napryamkah-za-dobu-vidbulosya-38-bojovyh-zitknen/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy showed the consequences of a rocket strike of the Russian Federation in Lviv
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/volodymyr-zelenskyj-pokazav-naslidky-raketnogo-udaru-rf-po-lvovu/
Our defenders repelled all the enemy attacks in Kupyansk - the construction of the General Staff
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/na-zaporizkomu-ta-hersonskomu-napryamkah-protyvnyk-obstrilyav-ponad-40-naselenyh-punktiv/
In the Bakhmut direction we push the enemy on the southern and northern flank - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-my-vidtisnyayemo-protyvnyka-na-pivdennomu-ta-pivnichnomu-flangah-sergij-cherevatyj/
Air defense was active against drones in Kyiv and Mykolaiv regions, near Kryvyi Rih
https://t.me/war_monitor/8612
Missile blow to Lviv: are dead and injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/raketnyj-udar-po-lvovu-ye-zagybli-ta-poraneni/
With the support of the NATO Program, the Armed Forces Project started on psychological rehabilitation and stability of the military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/za-pidtrymky-programy-nato-u-zsu-startuvav-proyekt-z-psyhologichnoyi-reabilitacziyi-ta-stijkosti-vijskovyh/
Armed Forces Servicemen are trained in fire training in the framework of Interflex Operation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/novozelandski-instruktory-v-ramkah-operacziyi-interfleks-provodyat-navchannya-vijskovyh-zsu-z-vognevoyi-pidgotovky/
The main narrative promoted by the Russian media: "Kiev is preparing to attack the ZPP"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/osnovnyj-naratyv-shho-prosuvayut-rosijski-zmi-kyyiv-gotuyetsya-atakuvaty-zaes/
The drone army launches a charity initiative with Ukrzaliznytsia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/armiya-droniv-zapuskaye-blagodijnu-inicziatyvu-z-ukrzaliznyczeyu/
A serviceman of the Russian Federation compares the accuracy of conducting fire of two armies - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/vijskovosluzhbovecz-rf-porivnyuye-tochnist-vedennya-vognyu-dvoh-armij-perehoplennya-gur/
The occupiers have struck five Shahd UAVs - two of them were destroyed by Ukrainian air defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/okupanty-zavdaly-udaru-pyatma-bpla-typu-shahed-dva-z-nyh-znyshheno-ukrayinskoyu-ppo/
Defense forces per day eliminated 600 invaders, destroyed 22 artsystems and 9 air defense means
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-600-okupantiv-znyshhyly-22-artsystemy-ta-9-zasobiv-ppo/
7 out of 10 calibers were destroyed: Air Force told about the night attack of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/znyshheno-7-iz-10-kalibriv-povitryani-syly-rozpovily-pro-nichnu-ataku-rf/
Ukrainian defenders showed a mortar unit combat work
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-pokazaly-bojovu-robotu-minometnogo-pidrozdilu/
Ukrainian composer performed musical works on a Russian rocket from Hurricane RSSU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/ukrayinskyj-kompozytor-vykonav-muzychni-tvory-na-rosijskij-raketi-vid-rszv-uragan/
The refusal of the racists to translate the fifth unit of the ZPP into a state of cold stop can lead to a large -scale release of radiation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/vidmova-rashystiv-perevodyty-pyatyj-energoblok-zaes-v-stan-holodnyj-zupyn-mozhe-pryzvesty-do-masshtabnogo-vykydu-radiacziyi/
US will support reforms in Ukraine on the way to NATO - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732947-ssa-pidtrimaut-reformi-v-ukraini-na-slahu-do-nato-bilij-dim.html
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St.
https://t.me/lumsrc/5295
Lesya Turenko went down in history by winning the longest tibreik on Grand Slam
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732946-curenko-uvijsla-v-istoriu-vigravsi-najtrivalisij-tajbrejk-na-grand-slam.html
Zelensky arrived in Turkey for talks with Erdogan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732945-zelenskij-pribuv-u-tureccinu-na-peregovori-z-erdoganom.html
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Blessed, Coal, Golden Niva, Shakhtar ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5296
"Dudaryk" at the festival in Latvia performed the anthem of Ukraine with 15 thousand choirs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3732944-dudarik-na-festivali-u-latvii-vikonav-gimn-ukraini-iz-15-tisacami-horistiv.html
JSC Zaporizhzhia And Kherson DirecTion Rusian Army Shelled Malinovka, Guliaypole, Iron Monk ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5297
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5298
Director of Kyivbudrestructure is suspected of stealing on elevators repair
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3732881-direktora-kiivbudrekonstrukcii-pidozruut-u-rozkradanni-na-remonti-liftiv.html
The IMF has improved economic forecasts for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732879-mvf-pokrasiv-ekonomicni-prognozi-sodo-ukraini.html
Ukrainian rowers won "gold" and "silver" at the start of the Youth World Cup 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732956-ukrainski-vesluvalniki-vigrali-zoloto-ta-sriblo-na-starti-molodiznogo-cs2023.html
Kiev received six more metro cars from Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3732785-kiiv-otrimav-se-sist-vagoniv-metro-iz-polsi.html
The chairman of the Supreme Court says there is no reason to prevent the work of the judges-figures of the case of Knyazev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732783-golova-verhovnogo-sudu-kaze-so-nemae-pidstav-ne-dopuskati-do-roboti-suddivfigurantiv-spravi-knazeva.html
Ukraine pledged to perform more structural beacons under the IMF program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732958-ukraina-zobovazalasa-vikonati-bilse-strukturnih-maakiv-za-programou-mvf.html
Special Tribune on Russian aggression against Ukraine should be in the Hague - Ambassador
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732954-spectribunal-sodo-agresii-rf-proti-ukraini-mae-buti-v-gaazi-posol.html
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled Krasne First, Figolivka, Novomlinsk, two -year, with ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5291
In the Kyiv region, as a result of bad weather, 50 settlements have been deactivated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732952-na-kiivsini-vnaslidok-negodi-znestrumleni-50-naselenih-punktiv.html
The NBU applied for 30 banking institutions in June
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732950-nbu-u-cervni-zastosuvav-sankcii-do-30-bankivskih-ustanov.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Verkhnokamy...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5292
Pakistan's protests took place after the Koran burning in Sweden
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732876-u-pakistani-vidbulisa-akcii-protestu-pisla-spalenna-koranu-u-svecii.html
In the Bakhmut direction of defense forces advanced in the south even more than a kilometer - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732948-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-sili-oboroni-prosunulisa-na-pivdni-se-bils-ak-na-kilometr-malar.html
Lesya Turenko went down in history by winning the longest tibreik on Grand Slam
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732946-curenko-uvijsla-v-istoriu-vigravsi-najtrivalisij-tajbrejk-na-grand-slam.html
2 killed as debris of Shahed drone crashed on a vehicle on the highway in Dnipropetrovsk region
https://t.me/dnipro_now/43592
Death toll of Russian missile strike in Lviv increased to 10
https://t.me/andriysadovyi/1583
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Stari Vyrky, Iskryskivsch...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5290
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Ceramics, Zhalane, Berdyshi, Avdiivka, Pervomaisk ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5294
Russian army conducted missile strike with S-300 missiles at Zaporizhzhia
https://t.me/espresotb/67300
Zelensky: We expect concrete steps from NATO towards Ukraine during the upcoming Vilnius Summit
https://twitter.com/AsharqNewsBrk/status/1677303196471926786
Germany will not supply cluster ammunition to Ukraine as it is a signatory to a convention ba...
https://twitter.com/idreesali114/status/1677314418575659018
Ukrinform is on Threads!
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3732298-ukrinform-e-na-threads.html
In Zaporizhzhya, bad weather damaged the power lines, a bridge collapsed in Frankivsk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732980-u-zaporizzi-cerez-negodu-poskodzeni-liniii-elektroperedac-u-frankivsku-obvalivsa-mist.html
Zelensky meets with Erdogan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732982-zelenskij-provodit-zustric-z-erdoganom.html
Zaluzhny and Shaplla visited the group of Khortytsia and Tavriya troops
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732985-zaluznij-i-saptala-vidvidali-ugrupovanna-vijsk-hortica-j-tavria.html
Kalinina will play in the second circle of the paired discharge of the Wimbledon tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732984-kalinina-zigrae-u-drugomu-koli-parnogo-rozradu-vimbldonskogo-turniru.html
The Netherlands Government Coalition has broken up because of differences in migration policy - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732986-uradova-koalicia-niderlandiv-rozpalasa-cerez-rozbiznosti-sodo-migracijnoi-politiki-zmi.html
The "court" in Crimea fined human rights activist Japarov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3732780-sud-u-krimu-ostrafuvav-pravozahisnika-dzeparova.html
White House's Sullivan on cluster munitions: Ukraine has provided written assurances it would...
https://twitter.com/idreesali114/status/1677382806018871297
Kateryna Bindl went out to the second circle of the steam net of Wimbledon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732782-katerina-bajndl-vijsla-do-drugogo-kola-parnoi-sitki-vimbldonskogo-turniru.html
Colin H. Kahl, undersecretary of defense for policy, briefs the media at the Pentagon on a ne...
https://twitter.com/skynews/status/1677389088125493262
NATO closely monitors the development of the situation around the Zaporizhzhya NPP - Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732789-nato-uvazno-stezit-za-rozvitkom-situacii-navkolo-zaporizkoi-aes-stoltenberg.html
New $800m U.S. aid package revealed for Ukraine: it includes the much anticipated DPICM clust...
https://twitter.com/jimmysecuk/status/1677392564704497664
They detained a man who "drained" information about the Armed Forces units that protect the South Ukrainian NPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732784-zatrimali-colovika-akij-zlivav-dani-pro-pidrozdili-zsu-so-zahisaut-pivdennoukrainsku-aes.html
Zelensky in Prague gave a symbolic key to the Czech Senate
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732786-zelenskomu-u-prazi-podaruvali-simvolicnij-kluc-vid-senatu-cehii.html
The Russian army fired at Zaporozhye
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732793-armia-rf-obstrilala-zaporizza.html
Honor presented a budget tablet for Europe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3732794-honor-predstaviv-budzetnij-planset-dla-evropi.html
President Zelensky met with President Erdogan in Turkey
https://t.me/V_Zelenskiy_official/6894
The probable terrorist attack on the ZPP will not have radiation consequences, but will hit the economy - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732795-imovirnij-terakt-na-zaes-ne-matime-radiacijnih-naslidkiv-ale-vdarit-po-ekonomici-ekspert.html
The wife of the political prisoner Esipenko received a diploma of the National Processes for the protection of freedom of speech - NSU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732797-druzina-politvazna-esipenka-otrimala-diplom-nacpremii-za-zahist-svobodi-slova-nszu.html
The White House commented on the negotiations of US exitors with Russia about Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732798-u-bilomu-domi-prokomentuvali-peregovori-ekscinovnikiv-ssa-z-rosieu-pro-ukrainu.html
Russian artillery shelling Kherson
https://t.me/kherson_non_fake/8874
Prometheus learned rivals in the European Cup of the 2023/24 season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732801-prometej-diznavsa-supernikiv-u-evrokubku-sezonu-202324.html
The IAEA has rotated three Ukrainian NPPs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732803-magate-provela-rotacii-na-troh-ukrainskih-aes.html
Austria and Switzerland officially joined the "European Heavenly Shield"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732804-avstria-ta-svejcaria-oficijno-priednalisa-do-evropejskogo-nebesnogo-sita.html
The Heads of the UGCC and the Catholic Church of Poland have signed appeals about the Volyn tragedy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732808-glavi-ugkc-ta-katolickoi-cerkvi-polsi-pidpisali-zvernenna-sodo-volinskoi-tragedii.html
Sanctions against Russia will increase over time - European Commission
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732807-sankcii-proti-rosii-z-casom-posiluvatimutsa-evrokomisia.html
In Greece, unknown in the hoods threw the consulate of France with paint bottles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732810-u-grecii-nevidomi-v-kapusonah-zakidali-konsulstvo-francii-plaskami-z-farbou.html
Alexei Reznikov and Lloyd Austin has verified the clock before the next Ramstein
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/oleksij-reznikov-ta-llojd-ostin-zviryly-godynnyky-pered-nastupnym-ramshtajnom/
"Timely, large -scale and very needed": Zelensky thanked the US for a new defensive package
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732988-zelenskij-podakuvav-ssa-za-novij-oboronnij-paket-vcasnij-masstabnij-i-duze-potribnij.html
Prices for fuel and auto gas in gas station networks continue to grow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732811-cini-na-palne-ta-avtogaz-u-merezah-azs-prodovzuut-zrostati.html
The MKIP considers the issue of returning E-certificates to books and cinema
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3732812-u-mkip-rozgladaut-pitanna-povernenna-esertifikativ-na-knigi-ta-kino.html
A man who staged a shooting on Holosiivsky Avenue was detained in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3732813-u-kievi-zatrimali-colovika-akij-vlastuvav-strilaninu-na-golosiivskomu-prospekti.html
Lubin: most bodies of dead in Olenivka - identified
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732822-lubinec-bilsist-til-zagiblih-v-olenivci-identifikovani.html
Solsky discussed with colleagues from four countries the logistics of Ukrainian grain exports to the EU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732823-solskij-obgovoriv-z-kolegami-iz-cotiroh-krain-logistiku-eksportu-ukrainskogo-zerna-do-es.html
The Ministry of Finance predicts GDP growth this year up to 3%
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732821-minfin-prognozue-cogoric-zrostanna-vvp-do-3.html
At the feast of songs in Riga for the first time in 150-year history, a non-Latite work was performed-the Anthem of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3732824-na-svati-pisni-v-rizi-vperse-v-150ricnij-istorii-vikonali-nelatiskij-tvir-gimn-ukraini.html
In Sumy unfinished, police sought drug addicts, and found a new moon who raped the niece
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732826-u-sumskij-nedobudovi-policia-sukala-narkomaniv-a-znajsli-molodika-akij-gvaltuvav-pleminnicu.html
In Kiev, they record those for training to prepare for national resistance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3732829-u-kievi-zapisuut-ohocih-na-navcanna-z-pidgotovki-do-nacionalnogo-sprotivu.html
The Dnipro Regional State Administration explained why they still have a scandal in the purchase of drums
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3732832-zakupivla-barabaniv-u-dniprovskij-rda-poasnili-comu-zvilnenij-cinovnik-znovu-u-nih-pracue.html
Germany handed over another military assistance package to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732836-nimeccina-peredala-cergovij-paket-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
Media: Real Madrid agreed with a five -year contract with Mbappe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732834-zmi-real-pogodiv-patiricnij-kontrakt-iz-mbappe.html
Yermak on the possibility of negotiations with the Russian Federation: Time for mediation has expired
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732831-ermak-sodo-mozlivosti-peregovoriv-z-rf-cas-na-mediaciu-spliv.html
Duda: Ukraine's membership will strengthen NATO's military power
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732845-duda-clenstvo-ukraini-zmicnit-vijskovu-mogutnist-nato.html
Defense forces are moving in the Tavriya direction, the Russians lost almost two mouths a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732844-sili-oboroni-prosuvautsa-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-rosiani-za-dobu-vtratili-majze-dvi-roti.html
US and China discussed global economic and financial issues
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732847-ssa-i-kitaj-obgovorili-globalni-ekonomicni-ta-finansovi-pitanna.html
The Russians released four managed airbombs on Cossack and Merry in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732856-rosiani-vipustili-cotiri-kerovani-aviabombi-po-kozackomu-ta-veselomu-na-hersonsini.html
Ukraine is interested in buying and production with Slovakia for miners - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732851-ukraina-zacikavlena-u-kupivli-ta-virobnictvi-zi-slovaccinou-tehniki-dla-rozminuvanna-zelenskij.html
In the Chernihiv region divers were taken from the gums of the body of two teenage girls
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732849-na-cernigivsini-vodolazi-distali-z-desni-tila-dvoh-divcatpidlitkiv.html
The weekend in Ukraine will be hot, places - thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732709-vihidni-v-ukraini-budut-spekotnimi-miscami-grozi.html
Epiphanius consecrated a monastery in Drohobych, who went from the UOC MP to the PCCU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732852-epifanij-osvativ-monastir-u-drogobici-akij-perejsov-z-upc-mp-do-pcu.html
NATO Secretary General: Ukraine at the end of the war should get fuses from repeating the attack of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732853-gensek-nato-ukraina-na-moment-zaversenna-vijni-mae-otrimati-zapobizniki-vid-povtorenna-ataki-rf.html
Valery Luchkevich is a player "Kolos"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732854-valerij-luckevic-gravec-kolosa.html
In Zhytomyr region, the pharmaceutical company was exposed that sell medicines to the Russian army
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732835-na-zitomirsini-vikrili-farmkompaniu-aka-prodavala-medikamenti-rosijskij-armii.html
The Men's team of Ukraine on beach football won its selection group at the 2024 World Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732859-colovica-zbirna-ukraini-z-plaznogo-futbolu-vigrala-svou-grupu-vidboru-na-cs2024.html
Six fast food visitors were hospitalized in Lviv with poisoning
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732862-u-lvovi-gospitalizuvali-z-otruennam-sistoh-vidviduvaciv-fastfudu.html
The weekend will partially restrict traffic on Lipkivsky Street
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3732863-vihidnimi-castkovo-obmezat-ruh-po-vulici-lipkivskogo.html
In Syria, the "Wagner" was blocked during Prigogine - Reuters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732979-u-sirii-blokuvali-vagnerivciv-pid-cas-zakolotu-prigozina-reuters.html
Chaputova: Ukraine has shown that great powers cannot always dictate their will
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732866-caputova-ukraina-pokazala-so-veliki-derzavi-ne-zavzdi-mozut-diktuvati-svou-volu.html
The government has allocated more than ₴ 16 billion subsidies for a few weeks in a few weeks.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3732865-urad-za-kilka-tizniv-vidiliv-regionam-ponad-16-milardiv-subvencii-na-vidnovlenna-smigal.html
Zelensky - About NATO Summit: Russia is very fond of weakness and separation in the Alliance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732871-zelenskij-pro-samit-nato-rosia-duze-rozrahovue-na-slabkist-i-rozednanist-v-alansi.html
Prozorro Market became a platform for most medicines purchases
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732873-prozorro-market-stav-platformou-dla-zakupivel-bilsosti-likarskih-zasobiv.html
NATO countries can separately decide whether to give Ukraine cassette ammunition - Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732875-kraini-nato-okremo-mozut-virisuvati-ci-davati-ukraini-kasetni-boepripasi-stoltenberg.html
In Vilnius, the open air opened an exhibition about the Holodomor and the Russian War in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3732817-u-vilnusi-prosto-neba-vidkrili-vistavku-pro-golodomor-i-rosijsku-vijnu-v-ukraini.html
The court fined the priest of the UOC -MP, who at the funeral of the military cross beat the "opponent" from the PCU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732880-sud-ostrafuvav-svasennika-upc-mp-akij-na-pohoroni-vijskovogo-hrestom-pobiv-oponenta-z-pcu.html
The government approved the attraction from the EIB additional ₴ 1.1 billion to the development and restoration of regions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3732884-urad-shvaliv-zalucenna-vid-eib-dodatkovih-11-milarda-na-proekti-z-rozvitku-ta-vidnovlenna-regioniv.html
The Kyiv Camerall ensemble was headed by Bohdan Pivnenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3732889-ansambl-kiivska-kamerata-ocolila-bogdana-pivnenko.html
Kalinina gave way to Andreesk on Wimbledon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732887-kalinina-postupilas-andreesku-ta-zaversila-vistupi-na-vimbldoni.html
Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Peter Pavel met with a Ukrainian boy treated in the Czech Republic
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/volodymyr-zelenskyj-i-petr-pavel-zustrilysya-z-ukrayinskym-hlopchykom-yakyj-likuyetsya-v-chehiyi/
In Kiev, a single emergency number 112 was fully worked
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3732867-u-kievi-povnocinno-zapracuvav-edinij-ekstrenij-nomer-112.html
Zelensky: pro -Russian views are a prosearorist position
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732882-zelenskij-prorosijski-pogladi-ce-proteroristicna-pozicia.html
Eurovision-2024 will be held in Swedish Malme
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3732888-evrobacenna2024-prohoditime-u-svedskomu-malme.html
The government allowed to export 20,000 tons of sugar to Romania
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732892-urad-dozvoliv-eksportuvati-20-tisac-tonn-cukru-do-rumunii.html
The Netherlands played one of the leadership roles in the F -16 Coalition for Ukraine - Ambassador
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732894-niderlandi-vidigrali-odnu-z-liderskih-rolej-u-koalicii-f16-dla-ukraini-posol.html
In Georgia, the Russians illegally detained six citizens
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732895-u-gruzii-rosiani-nezakonno-zatrimali-sistoh-gromadan.html
Chapotova shared expectations from NATO summit for Slovakia and Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732896-caputova-podililasa-ocikuvannami-vid-samitu-nato-dla-slovaccini-i-ukraini.html
In Melitopol, occupiers want to impose Russian version of history to students
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732900-v-melitopoli-okupanti-hocut-navazati-skolaram-rosijsku-versiu-istorii.html
Swedish BMP Stridsfordon 90 already in Ukraine - Reznikov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732995-svedski-bmp-stridsfordon-90-vze-v-ukraini-reznikov.html
Moravetsky: Russia will play the Volyn Card until all about the tragedy is clarified
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732902-rosia-rozigruvatime-volinsku-kartu-poki-ne-bude-zasovano-vse-pro-tragediu-moraveckij.html
The Government has approved the procedure for establishing the fact of civilian participation in the protection of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732903-urad-zatverdiv-poradok-vstanovlenna-faktu-ucasti-civilnih-u-zahisti-ukraini.html
In the Carpathian region, fifty people were evacuated from flooded territories
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732904-na-prikarpatti-z-pidtoplenih-teritorij-evakuuvali-pivsotni-ludej.html
Ukraine can lose up to $ 800 million a month due to the reduction of grain exports - IMF
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732906-ukraina-moze-vtracati-do-800-miljoniv-somisaca-cerez-skorocenna-eksportu-zerna-mvf.html
The DBR finds out how the explosives got to the Shevchenkivsky District Court of Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3732908-dbr-zasovue-akim-cinom-do-sevcenkivskogo-rajsudu-kieva-potrapila-vibuhika.html
Sakura was planted in Vinnitsa in memory of the missile fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732909-u-vinnici-visadili-sakuri-v-pamat-pro-zagiblih-vid-raketnogo-obstrilu.html
Tsurenko went out to the fourth circle of Wimbledon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732911-curenko-vijsla-do-cetvertogo-kola-vimbldona.html
In Iziuma closed the protective structures of Polovtsian grandmothers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732912-v-izumi-zakrili-zahisnimi-konstrukciami-poloveckih-bab.html
In the capital, 21% of shelters need repair - Klitschko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3732915-u-stolici-21-ukrittiv-potrebuut-remontu-klicko.html
Zelensky discussed with Slovak parliamentarians the formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732913-zelenskij-obgovoriv-zi-slovackimi-parlamentariami-formulu-miru.html
NATO Summit in Vilnius should not become another continuation of the Open Door Policy - Ambassador
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732916-samit-nato-u-vilnusi-ne-mae-stati-cergovim-prodovzennam-politiki-vidkritih-dverej-posol.html
In the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Britain warned Russia from a terrorist attack at the Zaporozhye NPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732919-u-mzs-britanii-zasteregli-rosiu-vid-teraktu-na-zaporizkij-aes.html
In China, the Internet Company was fined by over $ 980 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732920-u-kitai-internetkompaniu-ostrafuvali-na-ponad-980-miljoniv.html
NAPC started testing the portal for corruption exposers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732925-nazk-rozpocalo-testuvanna-portalu-dla-vikrivaciv-korupcii.html
The enemy focused on five directions, there are heavy battles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732921-vorog-zoserediv-zusilla-na-pati-napramkah-jdut-vazki-boi.html
The government has allocated an additional ₴ 85 million for salaries to Kherson region teachers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732926-urad-vidiliv-dodatkovo-85-miljoniv-na-zarplati-vcitelam-hersonsini.html
Kiev power plans to open the Podolsk-Resurrection Bridge in a few months
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3732927-vlada-kieva-planue-vidkriti-podilskovoskresenskij-mist-za-kilka-misaciv.html
Klitschko announced the launch of the subway station on the vineyard next year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3732930-klicko-anonsuvav-zapusk-stancii-metro-na-vinogradar-nastupnogo-roku.html
The CEC declared the illegitimacy of "elections" on temporarily captured territories
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732929-cvk-zaavila-pro-nelegitimnist-viboriv-na-timcasovo-zahoplenih-rosieu-teritoriah.html
The algorithm of action in case of hostile attack on the Kiev hydroelectric power station is fully worked out - police
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3732935-algoritm-dij-na-vipadok-vorozoi-ataki-na-kiivsku-ges-povnistu-vidpracovanij-policia.html
In Ukraine, large -scale air alarm - Miga flew in Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732963-ukrainou-siritsa-povitrana-trivoga-v-rosii-zletiv-mig.html
In June, the Ministry of Reintegration transferred 42.1 million hryvnias to families of prisoners
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/u-chervni-minreintegracziyi-pererahuvalo-421-mln-gryven-simyam-polonenyh/
Ukraine at a summit in Vilnius can count on a more powerful signal than Bucharest - US Ambassador
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732938-ukraina-na-samiti-u-vilnusi-moze-rozrahovuvati-na-potuznisij-signal-niz-u-buharesti-posol-ssa.html
Mondelez, Mars and Pepsico Last year had "crazy sales" in Russia - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732940-mondelez-mars-i-pepsico-torik-mali-saleni-prodazi-u-rosii-zmi.html
"Dudaryk" at the festival in Latvia performed the anthem of Ukraine with 15 thousand choirs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3732944-dudarik-na-festivali-u-latvii-vikonav-gimn-ukraini-iz-15-tisacami-horistiv.html
Zelensky arrived in Turkey for talks with Erdogan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732945-zelenskij-pribuv-u-tureccinu-na-peregovori-z-erdoganom.html
US will support reforms in Ukraine on the way to NATO - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732947-ssa-pidtrimaut-reformi-v-ukraini-na-slahu-do-nato-bilij-dim.html
In the Bakhmut direction of defense forces advanced in the south even more than a kilometer - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732948-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-sili-oboroni-prosunulisa-na-pivdni-se-bils-ak-na-kilometr-malar.html
Pakistan's protests took place after the Koran burning in Sweden
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732876-u-pakistani-vidbulisa-akcii-protestu-pisla-spalenna-koranu-u-svecii.html
The NBU applied for 30 banking institutions in June
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732950-nbu-u-cervni-zastosuvav-sankcii-do-30-bankivskih-ustanov.html
In the Kyiv region, as a result of bad weather, 50 settlements have been deactivated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732952-na-kiivsini-vnaslidok-negodi-znestrumleni-50-naselenih-punktiv.html
Special Tribune on Russian aggression against Ukraine should be in the Hague - Ambassador
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732954-spectribunal-sodo-agresii-rf-proti-ukraini-mae-buti-v-gaazi-posol.html
Ukraine pledged to perform more structural beacons under the IMF program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732958-ukraina-zobovazalasa-vikonati-bilse-strukturnih-maakiv-za-programou-mvf.html
Ukrainian rowers won "gold" and "silver" at the start of the Youth World Cup 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732956-ukrainski-vesluvalniki-vigrali-zoloto-ta-sriblo-na-starti-molodiznogo-cs2023.html
Pentagon announced a new package of assistance to Ukraine with cassette ammunition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732977-pentagon-ogolosiv-pro-novij-paket-dopomogi-ukraini-z-kasetnimi-boepripasami.html
Ukrinform is on Threads!
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3732298-ukrinform-e-na-threads.html
In Ukraine, large -scale air alarm - Miga flew in Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732963-ukrainou-siritsa-povitrana-trivoga-v-rosii-zletiv-mig.html
The American city of Albukerke has handed two cars for the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732966-amerikanske-misto-albukerke-peredalo-dvi-avtivki-dla-zsu.html
The White House confirmed a willingness to give Ukraine cassette ammunition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732967-bilij-dim-pidtverdiv-gotovnist-nadati-ukraini-kasetni-boepripasi.html
Lviv authorities have allocated 100 million to eliminate the consequences of rocket fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732973-vlada-lvova-vidilila-100-miljoniv-na-likvidaciu-naslidkiv-raketnogo-obstrilu.html
The government has changed the order of paying assistance to the victims of Kakhovskaya Hydroment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732965-urad-zminiv-poradok-viplat-dopomogi-postrazdalim-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
The Basketball Youth Team defeated Georgia at the euro-2023 start
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732974-molodizna-zbirna-ukraini-z-basketbolu-rozgromila-gruziu-na-starti-evro2023.html
The enemy enhances his propaganda in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/protyvnyk-posylyuye-svoyu-propagandu-na-hersonshhyny/
Svitolina made her way to 1/8 of Wimbledon's finals by beating Australian Open Kenin Champion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732976-svitolina-vijsla-do-18-finalu-vimbldona-obigravsi-cempionku-australian-open-kenin.html
In Zaporizhzhya, bad weather damaged the power lines, a bridge collapsed in Frankivsk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732980-u-zaporizzi-cerez-negodu-poskodzeni-liniii-elektroperedac-u-frankivsku-obvalivsa-mist.html
Zelensky meets with Erdogan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732982-zelenskij-provodit-zustric-z-erdoganom.html
Zaluzhny and Shaplla visited the group of Khortytsia and Tavriya troops
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732985-zaluznij-i-saptala-vidvidali-ugrupovanna-vijsk-hortica-j-tavria.html
Kalinina will play in the second circle of the paired discharge of the Wimbledon tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732984-kalinina-zigrae-u-drugomu-koli-parnogo-rozradu-vimbldonskogo-turniru.html
The Netherlands Government Coalition has broken up because of differences in migration policy - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732986-uradova-koalicia-niderlandiv-rozpalasa-cerez-rozbiznosti-sodo-migracijnoi-politiki-zmi.html
"Timely, large -scale and very needed": Zelensky thanked the US for a new defensive package
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732988-zelenskij-podakuvav-ssa-za-novij-oboronnij-paket-vcasnij-masstabnij-i-duze-potribnij.html
In Syria, the "Wagner" was blocked during Prigogine - Reuters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732979-u-sirii-blokuvali-vagnerivciv-pid-cas-zakolotu-prigozina-reuters.html
Swedish BMP Stridsfordon 90 already in Ukraine - Reznikov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732995-svedski-bmp-stridsfordon-90-vze-v-ukraini-reznikov.html
The weekend in Ukraine will be hot, places - thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732709-vihidni-v-ukraini-budut-spekotnimi-miscami-grozi.html
Fifteen Ukrainian regions will rebuild 26 settlements in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/pyatnadczyat-ukrayinskyh-regioniv-vidbuduyut-26-naselenyh-punktiv-na-hersonshhyni/
The number of dead as a result of rocket strike of Russian invaders in Lviv increased
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/kilkist-zagyblyh-unaslidok-raketnogo-udaru-rosijskyh-okupantiv-po-lvovu-zrosla/
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated more than 500 invaders, destroyed 20 Artisystems and 12 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-ponad-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-20-artsystemu-i-12-bbm/
The American city of Albukerke has handed two cars for the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732966-amerikanske-misto-albukerke-peredalo-dvi-avtivki-dla-zsu.html
Shahaneda Night attack on Ukraine: Air defense forces destroyed 12 out of 18 shock drones
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/nichna-ataka-shahediv-na-ukrayinu-syly-ppo-znyshhyly-12-z-18-udarnyh-droniv/
The EU has reached an Agreement Agreement to increase the production of ammunition in order to feed Ukraine and replenish your stocks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/u-yes-dosyagly-ugody-shhodo-zbilshennya-vyrobnycztva-boyeprypasiv-aby-doozbroyity-ukrayinu-ta-popovnyty-zapasy/
The House of Representatives of the Netherlands recognized the Holodomor with the genocide of Ukrainians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/palata-predstavnykiv-niderlandiv-vyznala-golodomor-genoczydom-ukrayincziv/
The enemy fired at C-300 missiles settlements on the right bank of the Dnieper
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/vorog-obstrilyav-raketamy-s-300-naseleni-punkty-na-pravomu-berezi-dnipra/
10 dead and 45 wounded: Search and rescue work in Lviv is completed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/10-zagyblyh-ta-45-poranenyh-poshukovo-ryatuvalni-roboty-u-lvovi-zaversheno/
The White House confirmed a willingness to give Ukraine cassette ammunition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732967-bilij-dim-pidtverdiv-gotovnist-nadati-ukraini-kasetni-boepripasi.html
President of Ukraine - NATO Membership: A clear invitation will be a demonstration of the brave of the Alliance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/prezydent-ukrayiny-pro-chlenstvo-v-nato-chitke-zaproshennya-stane-demonstracziyeyu-smilyvosti-alyansu/
Alexei Reznikov: Ukrainian OPC should become one of the economy drivers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/oleksij-reznikov-ukrayinskyj-opk-maye-staty-odnym-z-drajveriv-ekonomiky/
The Ministry of Defense of Ukraine prepared the concept of transformation of the defense sector - Alexey Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/ministerstvo-oborony-ukrayiny-pidgotuvalo-konczepcziyu-transformacziyi-sektoru-oborony-oleksij-reznikov/
Pyrotechnics per day were neutralized over 500 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/pirotehniky-za-dobu-zneshkodyly-ponad-500-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
US Secretary of State About Missile Attack in Lviv: Another example of Kremlin cruelty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/derzhsekretar-ssha-pro-raketnu-ataku-po-lvovu-shhe-odyn-pryklad-zhorstokosti-kremlya/
Lviv authorities have allocated 100 million to eliminate the consequences of rocket fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732973-vlada-lvova-vidilila-100-miljoniv-na-likvidaciu-naslidkiv-raketnogo-obstrilu.html
120 settlements of Ukraine fired Rosarmia for the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/120-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-obstrilyala-rosarmiya-za-mynulu-dobu-2/
FSB agent who collected secret information on the repair of the Armed Forces, threatens life imprisonment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/agentu-fsb-yakyj-zbyrav-tayemnu-informacziyu-shhodo-remontu-tehniky-zsu-zagrozhuye-dovichne-uvyaznennya/
The Ukrainian Army makes the impossible, but we need more weapons - the Secretary of the NSDC
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/ukrayinska-armiya-robyt-nemozhlyve-ale-nam-potribno-bilshe-zbroyi-sekretar-rnbo/
In Ukraine, rehabilitation centers for victims of Russian aggression will be created
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/v-ukrayini-stvoryat-reabilitaczijni-czentry-dlya-postrazhdalyh-vid-rosijskoyi-agresiyi/
We're off. The initiative is now - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/my-nastupayemo-inicziatyva-zaraz-u-nas-volodymyr-zelenskyj-pro-kontrnastup/
More than 95 thousand war crimes have documented the Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/ponad-95-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv-zadokumentuvav-ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-2/
Your blood can fight - the Ministry of Health of Ukraine advised how to become a donor of blood
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/tvoya-krov-mozhe-voyuvaty-moz-ukrayiny-poradylo-yak-staty-donorom-krovi/
The government has changed the order of paying assistance to the victims of Kakhovskaya Hydroment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732965-urad-zminiv-poradok-viplat-dopomogi-postrazdalim-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Anna Malyar reminds you of information silence during a counter -offensive
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/ganna-malyar-nagaduye-pro-informaczijnu-tyshu-pid-chas-kontrnastupu/
The special unit of the GRO of Ukraine Kraken provides humanitarian assistance to residents of Kharkiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/speczpidrozdil-gur-mo-ukrayiny-kraken-nadaye-gumanitarnu-dopomogu-meshkanczyam-harkivshhyny/
In the Tavriysk direction our defenders destroyed 6 enemy warehouses with ammunition - Valery Shershn
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-nashi-zahysnyky-znyshhyly-6-vorozhyh-skladiv-iz-boyeprypasamy-valerij-shershen/
The occupiers focus efforts in four directions, 30 combat clashes took place per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/okupanty-zoseredzhuyut-zusyllya-na-chotyroh-napryamkah-za-dobu-vidbulos-30-bojovyh-zitknen/
Defense forces in a week neutralized over 4,000 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/syly-oborony-za-tyzhden-zneshkodyly-ponad-4-tysyachi-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-2/
The threat of catastrophe to the ZPP is not completely removed until the Russian invaders - Cyril Budanov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/zagroza-katastrofy-na-zaes-povnistyu-ne-znyata-doky-tam-rosijski-okupanty-kyrylo-budanov/
Monthly for attacks on our cities and villages occupants use up to hundreds of missiles of different types - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/shhomisyaczya-dlya-atak-na-nashi-mista-ta-sela-okupanty-zastosovuyut-do-sotni-raket-riznyh-typiv-yurij-ignat/
A resident of South Ukrainian will go to court - informed the enemy about the location of the Armed Forces near the South Ukrainian NPP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/zhytel-yuzhnoukrayinska-pide-pid-sud-informuvav-voroga-shhodo-roztashuvannya-zsu-bilya-pivdennoukrayinskoyi-aes/
In the Bakhmut direction, the defense forces continue to keep the initiative and move on flanks - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-syly-oborony-prodovzhuyut-utrymuvaty-inicziatyvu-ta-prosuvayutsya-na-flangah-sergij-cherevatyj/
The Basketball Youth Team defeated Georgia at the euro-2023 start
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732974-molodizna-zbirna-ukraini-z-basketbolu-rozgromila-gruziu-na-starti-evro2023.html
Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the Czech political establishment in Prague - thanked for the sustainable support of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/volodymyr-zelenskyj-u-prazi-zustrivsya-z-politychnym-isteblishmentom-chehiyi-podyakuvav-za-stalu-pidtrymku-ukrayiny/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy announced a meeting with Recep Erdogan. Will discuss the exchange of prisoners and grain initiative
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/volodymyr-zelenskyj-anonsuvav-zustriv-iz-redzhepom-erdoganom-obgovoryuvatymut-obmin-polonenymy-ta-zernovu-inicziatyvu/
The President of Ukraine will visit Slovakia today
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/prezydent-ukrayiny-sogodni-zdijsnyt-vizyt-do-slovachchyny/
The Czech Republic provides Ukraine with shock helicopters and hundreds of thousands of large -caliber ammunition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/chehiya-nadaye-ukrayini-udarni-vertoloty-ta-sotni-tysyach-velykokalibernyh-boyeprypasiv/
A collaborator who stole and sent the Kherson to Russian torture will be held for 8 years
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/kolaborant-yakyj-vykradav-ta-dopravlyav-hersoncziv-do-rosijskyh-kativen-provede-za-gratamy-8-rokiv/
Ukraine and the Czech Republic have signed a memorandum in the field of military-technical cooperation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/ukrayina-ta-chehiya-pidpysaly-memorandum-u-sferi-vijskovo-tehnichnogo-spivrobitnycztva/
Belarus undermines the safety of Euro -Atlantic space: the heads of Lithuania, Latvia and Poland have warned a letter from NATO Secretary General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/bilorus-pidryvaye-bezpeku-yevroatlantychnogo-prostoru-glavy-lytvy-latviyi-ta-polshhi-poperedyly-lystom-genseka-nato/
Russia does not allow the ICRC to Ukrainian prisoners of war to control the conditions of their maintenance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/rosiya-ne-daye-mkchh-kontrolyuvaty-umovy-utrymannya-ukrayinskyh-vijskovolonenyh/
A new rehabilitation center was launched for Ukrainian defenders as part of the Recovery Project
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/dlya-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv-zapraczyuvav-novyj-reabilitaczijnyj-czentr-u-ramkah-proyektu-recovery/
In favor of the Ministry of Defense, the court charged UAH 3.9 million from penalties from the offender
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/na-koryst-minoborony-sud-styagnuv-z-pidpryyemstva-porushnyka-39-mln-grn-shtrafnyh-sankczij/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Slovak President: discussed defensive cooperation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/volodymyr-zelenskyj-zustrivsya-iz-prezydentkoyu-slovachchyny-obgovoryly-oboronnu-spivpraczyu/
Russia has reduced the number of rocket carriers in the Black Sea to one
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/rosiya-zmenshyla-kilkist-raketonosiyiv-u-chornomu-mori-do-odnogo-2/
The enemy unsuccessfully tried to step on the five 8217;
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/vorog-bezuspishno-namagavsya-nastupaty-na-pyatoh-napryamkah/
Ukraine needs a long -range weapon not only for offensive operations, but also for defense - President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/ukrayina-potrebuye-dalekobijnoyi-zbroyi-ne-lyshe-dlya-nastupalnyh-operaczij-a-j-dlya-oborony-prezydent/
Anna Malyar about the Bakhmut situation: an enemy trapped, our troops have advanced in some areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/ganna-malyar-pro-sytuacziyu-u-bahmuti-vorog-u-pastczi-nashi-vijska-prosunulys-na-deyakyh-dilyankah/
Ukrainian Embassy in Azerbaijan organizes a flash mob to support servicemen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/ukrayinske-posolstvo-v-azerbajdzhani-organizovuye-fleshmob-dlya-pidtrymky-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
The Ministry of Defense told about the loss of Russians in Melitopol and Berdyansk directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/u-minoborony-rozpovily-pro-vtraty-rosiyan-na-melitopolskomu-ta-berdyanskomu-napryamkah/
NATO Vilnius Summit will make Ukraine stronger - the Alliance Secretary General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/vilnyuskyj-samit-nato-zrobyt-ukrayinu-sylnishoyu-gensek-alyansu/
Today, to be pro -Ukrainian means to be pro -European, and the pro -Russian position is a proserorist - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/sogodni-buty-proukrayinskym-oznachaye-buty-proyevropejskym-a-prorosijska-pozycziya-ye-proterorystychnoyu-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Treatment, rehabilitation, vacation: who is entitled to Mathose in 2023
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/likuvannya-reabilitacziya-vidpustka-hto-maye-pravo-na-matdopomogu-v-2023-roczi/
Pentagon announced a new package of assistance to Ukraine with cassette ammunition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732977-pentagon-ogolosiv-pro-novij-paket-dopomogi-ukraini-z-kasetnimi-boepripasami.html
Our art has destroyed the management point, seven artzobs and the Rushist Reb Station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/nasha-arta-znyshhyla-punkt-upravlinnya-sim-artzasobiv-ta-stancziyu-reb-rashystiv/
Ukraine and Slovakia have signed a contract for the production of Zuzana 2
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/ukrayina-ta-slovachchyna-pidpysaly-kontrakt-na-vyrobnycztvo-sau-zuzana-2/
Olenivka terrorist attack: Ukraine managed to return the bodies of Ukrainian defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/terakt-v-olenivczi-ukrayini-vdalosya-povernuty-tila-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv/
Above the raisin was the flags of the DShV and the Sicheslav Brigade
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/nad-izyumom-zamajorily-prapory-dshv-ta-sicheslavskoyi-brygady/
Ruslan Stefanchuk discussed with the Bundestag President of Ukraine and the EU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/ruslan-stefanchuk-obgovoryv-z-prezydentkoyu-bundestagu-vstup-ukrayiny-do-nato-ta-yes/
Among the militarys of the Russian Federation increases the number of refusals to participate in hostilities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/sered-vijskovyh-rf-zrostaye-kilkist-vidmov-vid-uchasti-u-bojovyh-diyah/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with Rezhep Erdogan in Turkey
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/volodymyr-zelenskyj-zustrivsya-iz-redzhepom-erdoganom-u-turechchyni/
The US has announced a new military assistance package for Ukraine, which, in particular, included cassette ammunition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/ssha-ogolosyly-pro-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-dlya-ukrayiny-do-yakogo-zokrema-uvijshly-kasetni-boyeprypasy/
Ready for battle: Alexei Reznikov showed Swedish BMP who came to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/gotovi-do-boyu-oleksij-reznikov-pokazav-shvedski-bmp-yaki-prybuly-v-ukrayinu/
Short. War. Day 499
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/korotko-vijna-den-499/
Svitolina made her way to 1/8 of Wimbledon's finals by beating Australian Open Kenin Champion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732976-svitolina-vijsla-do-18-finalu-vimbldona-obigravsi-cempionku-australian-open-kenin.html
British Writer Garding: War in Ukraine is a story about how the world has changed forever
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732996-britanskij-pismennik-garding-vijna-v-ukraini-istoria-pro-te-ak-svit-zminivsa-nazavzdi.html
British Writer Garding: War in Ukraine is a story about how the world has changed forever
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732996-britanskij-pismennik-garding-vijna-v-ukraini-istoria-pro-te-ak-svit-zminivsa-nazavzdi.html
Ukraine and Turkey have signed a memorandum of understanding in strategic industries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732998-ukraini-j-tureccina-pidpisali-memorandum-pro-vzaemorozuminna-u-strategicnih-galuzah-promislovosti.html
Erdogan: Ukraine deserves NATO membership
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732999-ukraina-zaslugovue-na-clenstvo-v-nato-erdogan.html
Zelensky discussed with Erdogan the liberation of Ukrainians from Russian captivity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733000-zelenskij-obgovoriv-z-erdoganom-zvilnenna-ukrainciv-z-rosijskoi-nevoli.html

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====