乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-08

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

“Ukraine and the world are against Russian aggression. Sanctions in action ” - the CZR of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-sankcziyi-v-diyi-szr-ukrayiny/
Police intensified patrols near the Kiev Hydroelectric Power
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720290-policia-posilila-patruluvanna-bila-kiivskoi-ges.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Zelensky reproached international organizations for zero support
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720300-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-zelenskij-doriknuv-miznarodnim-organizaciam-za-nul-pidtrimki.html
The mercenaries of the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation called "Storm" reported suspicion - SBU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/najmanczyam-ugrupovan-minoborony-rf-pid-nazvoyu-shtorm-povidomyleno-pro-pidozru-sbu/
The enemy hit Cherkasy region, eight people wounded - ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720297-rosia-zavdala-udaru-po-umansini-visim-ludej-poraneni-ova.html
Zelensky: Underwater in the south were the burial grounds of animals, at least two of them - with a anthrax
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720295-zelenskij-pid-vodou-na-pivdni-opinilis-mogilniki-tvarin-sonajmense-dva-z-nih-iz-sibirkou.html
Rolan Harros: Schwontek will protect the title in the 2023 finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720294-rolan-garros-svontek-zahisatime-titul-u-finali2023.html
The government has simplified the procedure for registration of passport documents
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/uryad-sprostyv-proczeduru-oformlennya-pasportnyh-dokumentiv/
Kherson Ova opened a "hotline" to help the victims
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720293-hersonska-ova-zapustila-garacu-liniu-dla-dopomogi-postrazdalim.html
The Russian army fired at Sumy Region 13 times in a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720296-rosijska-armia-za-den-13-raziv-obstrilala-prikordonna-sumsini.html
Kakhovka water - Vilkul stopped in the reservoir southern
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720292-u-vodoshovise-pivdenne-perestala-nadhoditi-kahovska-voda-vilkul.html
NATO decisions on expansion should be in the interests of the Allies and Ukraine - Stephanyshyn
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720291-risenna-nato-sodo-rozsirenna-maut-vidpovidati-interesam-souznikiv-j-ukraini-stefanisina.html
Poland has handed over pumps and water tanks to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/polshha-peredala-ukrayini-nasosy-i-czysterny-dlya-vody/
The water level in the Kakhovka reservoir dropped below the "dead point" - Ukrhydroenergo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720299-riven-vodi-u-kahovskomu-vodoshovisi-opustivsa-nizce-mertvoi-tocki-ukrgidroenergo.html
The invaders were not ready for the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/okupanty-ne-buly-gotovi-do-naslidkiv-pidryvu-grebli-kahovskoyi-ges/
Russian agent in Ukraine is eradicated with a frantic pace - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720312-rosijsku-agenturu-v-ukraini-vikorinuut-salenimi-tempami-danilov.html
In the US, the Hollywood actor was detained for participating in the Capitol's storm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720010-u-ssa-zatrimali-gollivudskogo-aktora-za-ucast-u-sturmi-kapitolia.html
Another minus 730 occupants, 18 tanks and 28 artsystems: daily loss of enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/shhe-minus-730-okupantiv-18-tankiv-ta-28-artsystem-dobovi-vtraty-voroga/
Greta Tunberg demands to punish Russia for ecocide in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720315-greta-tunberg-vimagae-pokarati-rosiu-za-ekocid-v-ukraini.html
Zavatska was unable to go out to the 1/4 finals of the Challenger's WTA in Croatia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720317-zavacka-ne-zmogla-vijti-do-14-finalu-cellendzera-wta-v-horvatii.html
Dmytro Kuleba discussed with NATO Secretary -General Future Summit in Vilnius: Ukraine is a valuable asset for the Alliance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/dmytro-kuleba-obgovoryv-iz-gensekom-nato-majbutnij-samit-u-vilnyusi-ukrayina-czinnyj-aktyv-dlya-alyansu/
The President held a meeting on water provision of Dnipropetrovsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720319-prezident-proviv-naradu-sodo-zabezpecenna-vodou-dnipropetrovskoi-oblasti.html
Danilov: The consequences of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station for Russia will be catastrophic
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720318-danilov-naslidki-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-dla-rosii-budut-katastroficnimi.html
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: UN condemned by Russia's evacuation areas from the disaster zone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720320-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-v-oon-zasudili-obstrili-rosieu-rajoniv-evakuacii-iz-zoni-katastrofi.html
The International Court of Hague allowed Lithuania to join Ukraine against Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720152-miznarodnij-sud-u-gaazi-dozvoliv-litvi-vstupiti-u-spravu-ukraina-proti-rosii.html
The National Council has granted a speech permit in Kherson's Army FM Radio Stations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720156-nacrada-nadala-dozvil-na-movlenna-v-hersoni-radiostancii-armia-fm.html
Majlis: In Crimea - problems in cities that receive water from the North Crimean Canal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3720157-u-krimu-problemi-z-vodou-v-mistah-aki-otrimuut-ii-z-pivnicnokrimskogo-kanalu.html
Zhytomyr exhibits old devices and rare globes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3720160-u-zitomiri-eksponuut-starovinni-priladi-ta-raritetni-globusi.html
Russian soldiers in the north of Crimea do not allow farmers to cultivate fields - human rights activists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3720161-rosijski-vijskovi-na-pivnoci-krimu-ne-puskaut-fermeriv-obroblati-pola-pravozahisniki.html
China stated that he was ready to assist the victims as a result of the destruction of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720162-kitaj-zaaviv-so-gotovij-nadati-dopomogu-postrazdalim-unaslidok-rujnuvanna-kahovskoi-ges.html
Klitschko signed Nikoryak's statement about dismissal from the post of Director of the KSCA Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3720163-klicko-pidpisav-zaavu-nikoraka-pro-zvilnenna-z-posadi-direktora-departamentu-kmda.html
The United Kingdom has introduced new sanctions against Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720165-velika-britania-zaprovadila-novi-sankcii-proti-bilorusi.html
In the captured Volnovak, the explosions and the disappearance of communication are reported
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720167-u-zahoplenij-volnovasi-povidomlaut-pro-vibuhi-ta-zniknenna-zvazku.html
467 inhabitants of flooded villages were evacuated in Mykolaiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720168-na-mikolaivsini-evakuuvali-467-ziteliv-pidtoplenih-sil.html
Cato and Puc won "Rolan Harros" in the mixture
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720170-kato-i-puc-vigrali-rolan-garros-u-miksti.html
Britain is devoted to the long -term support of Ukraine - Sunak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720316-britania-viddana-dovgostrokovij-pidtrimci-ukraini-sunak.html
Evacuation shelling: Among the nine victims in Kherson - German volunteer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720171-obstril-pid-cas-evakuacii-sered-devati-postrazdalih-u-hersoni-nimeckij-volonter.html
Zelensky changed the head of the Gostomel military administration in Kyiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720172-zelenskij-zminiv-golovu-gostomelskoi-vijskovoi-administracii-na-kiivsini.html
Belgium will provide Ukraine with generators to overcome the consequences
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720173-belgia-nadast-ukraini-generatori-dla-podolanna-naslidkiv-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Education: In Ukraine, the first payments for housing repair have started
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3720174-evidnovlenna-v-ukraini-startuvali-persi-viplati-dopomogi-na-remont-zitla.html
Carnation: I would like to fade from Joshua Batsi
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720175-gvozdik-a-hotiv-bi-poboksuvati-z-dzosua-buatsi.html
Romania obliged the Russian embassy to cut the staff by 51 posts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720179-rumunia-zobovazala-rosijske-posolstvo-skorotiti-stat-na-51-posadu.html
On the flanks under Bakhmut, the forces of defense advanced for 1600 meters - the abdomen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720181-na-flangah-pid-bahmutom-sili-oboroni-prosunulis-na-1600-metriv-cerevatij.html
The IMF will make a decision on the next tranche for Ukraine at the end of June
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720176-mvf-uhvalit-risenna-pro-nastupnij-trans-dla-ukraini-naprikinci-cervna.html
Alexei Reznikov: Russia does not cease to remind the world that it is a terrorist state
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/oleksij-reznikov-rosiya-ne-perestaye-nagaduvaty-svitu-shho-vona-terorystychna-derzhava/
In Kiev exposed an underground network of gambling establishments
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3720184-u-kievi-vikrili-pidpilnu-merezu-gralnih-zakladiv.html
A large number of mines drifting down the Dnieper after blasting the dam of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station - military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720185-velika-kilkist-min-drejfue-za-tecieu-dnipra-pisla-pidrivu-grebli-kahovskoi-ges-vijskovi.html
Canadian instructors teach the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces to capture and keep buildings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720187-kanadski-instruktori-vcat-novobranciv-zsu-zahoplennu-ta-utrimannu-budivel.html
Taurian direction: enemy loss per day - over three companies and 57 pieces of equipment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720183-tavrijskij-napramok-vtrati-voroga-za-dobu-ponad-tri-roti-i-57-odinic-tehniki.html
The IMF prepares a detailed assessment of the consequences
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720186-mvf-gotue-dokladnu-ocinku-naslidkiv-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Klitschko put the duties of the Director of the KSCA Department on Irina Chernenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3720188-klicko-poklav-vikonanna-obovazkiv-direktora-departamentu-kmda-na-irinu-cernenko.html
The Western military has no doubt that the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station was blown up by Russia - the Polish General
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720191-zahidni-vijskovi-ne-sumnivautsa-so-kahovska-ges-bula-pidirvana-rosieu-polskij-general.html
Moraes has achieved a termination of a contract with "Corinthian" through court
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720190-moraes-domigsa-rozirvanna-kontraktu-z-korintians-cerez-sud.html
Future reparations of Russia should compensate for losses due to Kakhovsky Ecocide - Ukraine in the OSCE
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720192-majbutni-reparacii-rosii-maut-vidskoduvati-zbitki-cerez-kahovskij-ekocid-ukraina-v-obse.html
The deputy of the Rivne Regional Council exposed on a bribe was reported suspicion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720199-vikritomu-na-habari-deputatu-rivnenskoi-oblradi-ogolosili-pidozru.html
The Western Ukrainian Export Forum in Lviv has collected 600 participants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720200-zahidnoukrainskij-eksportnij-forum-u-lvovi-zibrav-600-ucasnikiv.html
Without water from the Dnieper in Crimea there will be problems with rice fields and industry - Majlis
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3720204-bez-vodi-z-dnipra-u-krimu-budut-problemi-z-silskim-gospodarstvom-i-promislovistu-medzlisu.html
Ukrainian Bindle won by Russian Astakhov in the 1/8 finals of the WTA tournament in Croatia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720205-ukrainka-bajndl-peremogla-rosianku-astahovu-v-18-finalu-turniru-wta-v-horvatii.html
In Ukraine for the first time issued a license for energy storage
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720206-v-ukraini-vperse-vidali-licenziu-na-zberiganna-energii.html
OP discussed the interaction of Ukraine with the states of Central and South America
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720207-v-op-obgovorili-posilenna-vzaemodii-ukraini-z-derzavami-centralnoi-ta-pivdennoi-ameriki.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
In Ukraine, the prices for milk - manufacturers' associations have decreased
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720208-v-ukraini-znizilisa-cini-na-moloko-asociacia-virobnikiv.html
Kyiv region sent the first party of help to Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720210-kiivsina-vidpravila-na-hersonsinu-persu-partiu-dopomogi.html
Youth World Cup 2023 Football: Uruguay will play in the final
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720322-molodiznij-cs2023-z-futbolu-urugvaj-zigrae-u-finali.html
In the occupied Berdyansk, an explosion came
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720215-v-okupovanomu-berdansku-prolunav-vibuh.html
State reconstruction should take place at the expense of 80% of private capital - Ministry of Economy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3720211-vidbudova-derzavi-mae-vidbuvatisa-kostom-80-privatnogo-kapitalu-minekonomiki.html
The Ambassador of Ukraine to Germany visited the victims of a hostel in the dormitory
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720216-posol-ukraini-v-nimeccini-vidvidav-postrazdalih-vid-pozezi-u-gurtozitku-v-turingii.html
In Ukraine, civil servants diminished - the Data of the Ministry of Finance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720217-v-ukraini-pomensalo-derzsluzbovciv-dani-minfinu.html
In Riga, a rally at the Embassy of the Terrorist Country was condemned to condemn the Kakhovskaya Hydroe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3720218-u-rizi-na-zasudzenna-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-projsov-miting-u-posolstva-krainiterorista.html
Nato-Ukraine commission held a meeting on Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power-About Prompt assistance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720225-komisia-natoukraina-provela-zasidanna-sodo-kahovskoi-ges-domovilisa-pro-operativnu-dopomogu.html
The Russian army has lost more than 100,000 soldiers in Ukraine in half a year - the US in the OSCE
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720223-rosijska-armia-za-piv-roku-vtratila-v-ukraini-ponad-100-tisac-soldativ-ssa-v-obse.html
In Kirovohrad region, the epidemic supervision of reservoirs to prevent cholera outbreak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720226-na-kirovogradsini-posilili-epidemicnij-naglad-za-vodojmami-zadla-nedopusenna-spalahu-holeri.html
Spanish conductor Ramon Torrelido will give a concert in Ukraine for the first time
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3720227-ispanskij-dirigent-ramon-torreledo-vperse-dast-koncert-v-ukraini.html
Lisogor: from the beginning of the invasion of 50% of Lugansk teachers - either abroad or in occupation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720228-lisogor-iz-pocatku-vtorgnenna-50-uciteliv-lugansini-abo-za-kordonom-abo-v-okupacii.html
Poltava region transferred 100 tons of drinking water for residents of Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720233-poltavsina-peredala-100-tonn-pitnoi-vodi-dla-ziteliv-hersonsini.html
More than 3.3 thousand dwellings remain flooded as a result
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720230-ponad-33-tisaci-osel-zalisautsa-pidtoplenimi-vnaslidok-pidrivu-rosianami-kahovskoi-ges.html
The Russian army concentrated forces in four directions, heavy fights continue
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720232-armia-rf-zoseredila-sili-na-cotiroh-napramkah-trivaut-vazki-boi.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Ukraine has handed NATO a list of urgent humanitarian needs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720234-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-ukraina-peredala-nato-spisok-terminovih-gumanitarnih-potreb.html
USAID will provide ₴ 22.5 million assistance to the victims of Kakhovskaya Hydroe Business
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720239-usaid-nadast-225-miljona-dopomogi-postrazdalim-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-gospodarstvam.html
In Congo rebel-extremists committed another mass murder
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720242-u-kongo-povstanciekstremisti-vcinili-cergove-masove-vbivstvo.html
Ukrzaliznytsia will open cargo hubs for business throughout Ukraine, the first is planned - in Vinnitsa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720240-ukrzaliznica-vidkrie-vantazni-habi-dla-biznesu-po-vsij-ukraini-persij-planuut-u-vinnici.html
Ukrainian volunteer Yaroslav Zhuk is tortured in the Rostov detention center - Lubinets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720241-ukrainskogo-volontera-aroslava-zuka-katuut-u-rostovskomu-sizo-lubinec.html
Putin's doubles are in closed places and under vigilant security - intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720314-dvijniki-putina-perebuvaut-u-zakritih-miscah-i-pid-pilnou-ohoronou-rozvidka.html
An expert group is created to hold the Russian Federation to the ecocide - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720305-stvoruetsa-ekspertna-grupa-dla-pritagnenna-rf-do-vidpovidalnosti-za-ekocid-zelenskij.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant: water level in the reservoir decreased by almost a meter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-riven-vody-na-vodoshovyshhi-zmenshyvsya-majzhe-na-metr/
Wayforpay Payment Service has passed the list - National Bank
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720243-platiznij-servis-wayforpay-projsov-perelicenzuvanna-nacbank.html
In Zaporozhye the Sea of Fish is not fixed, but there is a threat - ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720244-na-zaporizzi-moru-ribi-ne-zafiksovano-ale-zagroza-e-ova.html
The first payments under the Equation Program were received by residents of Kyiv and Donetsk region - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3720247-persi-viplati-za-programou-evidnovlenna-otrimali-ziteli-kiivsini-ta-doneccini-smigal.html
Ukrainian military completed training in Sweden
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720249-ukrainski-vijskovi-zaversili-navcanna-u-svecii.html
On the Left Bank of Kherson region, invaders displace the evacuees in military facilities - the General Staff
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720250-na-livoberezzi-hersonsini-zagarbniki-rozselaut-evakujovanih-po-vijskovih-obektah-genstab.html
Bukovina has already sent 10 tons of assistance to Kherson residents
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720252-bukovina-vze-vidpravila-10-tonn-dopomogi-meskancam-hersonsini.html
The enemy fired at Nikopol region five times, there is a victim
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720253-vorog-pat-raziv-obstrilav-nikopolsinu-e-postrazdalij.html
Transcarpathia build the first garbage processing plant for 27 communities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720254-na-zakarpatti-buduut-persij-smittepererobnij-zavod-na-27-gromad.html
The US has introduced special states against two IDIL leaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720256-ssa-zaprovadili-specsankcii-proti-dvoh-vatazkiv-igil.html
In the Beryslav district, a woman was killed as a result of Russian shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720257-u-berislavskomu-rajoni-vnaslidok-rosijskogo-obstrilu-zaginula-zinka.html
Czech Mukhov became the first finalist "Rolan Harros" -2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720259-ceska-muhova-stala-persou-finalistkou-rolan-garros2023.html
Filatov gave the rescuers his own yacht
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720260-filatov-podaruvav-ratuvalnikam-vlasnu-ahtu.html
Franko Theater Artists held five concerts in the eastern regions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3720261-artisti-teatru-imeni-franka-proveli-pat-koncertiv-u-shidnih-oblastah.html
NERCEP has simplified access to biomethane manufacturers to gas infrastructure
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720263-nkrekp-sprostila-dostup-virobnikiv-biometanu-do-gazovoi-infrastrukturi.html
Transcarpathia sent the first column of humanitarian aid to Kherson
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720265-zakarpatta-vidpravilo-do-hersona-persu-kolonu-gumanitarnoi-dopomogi.html
In the USA developed innovative fuel from milk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3720270-u-ssa-rozrobili-innovacijne-palne-z-moloka.html
The decision to undermine Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station was given personally by Putin - intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720269-risenna-pro-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-viddavav-osobisto-putin-rozvidka.html
Molchanov made his way to the semi -final of the paired discharge at the ATP tournament in Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720271-molcanov-probivsa-do-pivfinalu-parnogo-rozradu-na-turniri-atp-u-nimeccini.html
Britain will hold the first summit on the safety of artificial intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3720273-britania-provede-persij-samit-z-bezpecnosti-stucnogo-intelektu.html
An art exhibition "Entrance for Crazy" was opened in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3720274-u-kievi-vidkrilasa-hudozna-vistavka-vhid-tilki-dla-bozevilnih.html
In the UN responded to the criticism of Zelensky - the organization is not engaged in physical rescue of people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720276-v-oon-vidpovili-na-kritiku-zelenskogo-organizacia-ne-zajmaetsa-fizicnim-poratunkom-ludej.html
2 339 people have been evacuated from the flood zone in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720214-iz-zoni-pidtoplenna-na-hersonsini-evakuuvali-vze-2-334-ludini.html
Since the beginning of the war, Russia has made more than ten attempts attempted on Budanov - GUR
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720279-z-pocatku-vijni-rosia-vcinila-ponad-desat-sprob-zamahu-na-budanova-gur.html
Exmer Chernihiv received a work record with a dismissal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720280-eksmer-cernigova-otrimav-trudovu-iz-zapisom-pro-zvilnenna-z-posadi.html
The Ukrainian Football team arrived in Bremen for a match with Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720282-zbirna-ukraini-z-futbolu-pribula-do-bremena-na-matc-iz-nimeccinou.html
Agricultural Agricultural Damage from Kakhovsk Hydroe Power Management can reach $ 1.5 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720284-zbitki-agrosektora-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-mozut-sagnuti-15-milarda.html
Pomfir tape hit the best films list of 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3720286-stricka-pamfir-potrapila-do-spisku-najkrasih-filmiv-2023-roku.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant: Zelensky turned to the world ecological community
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720287-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-zelenskij-zvernuvsa-do-svitovoi-ekologicnoi-spilnoti.html
Ore came out in the first place in export by rail in May
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3720288-ruda-vijsla-na-perse-misce-v-eksporti-zalizniceu-u-travni.html
In Ukraine tomorrow will rain in the west and north, in the afternoon up to +29 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720040-v-ukraini-zavtra-dositime-na-zahodi-j-pivnoci-vden-do-29.html
Police intensified patrols near the Kiev Hydroelectric Power
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720290-policia-posilila-patruluvanna-bila-kiivskoi-ges.html
NATO decisions on expansion should be in the interests of the Allies and Ukraine - Stephanyshyn
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720291-risenna-nato-sodo-rozsirenna-maut-vidpovidati-interesam-souznikiv-j-ukraini-stefanisina.html
Kakhovka water - Vilkul stopped in the reservoir southern
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720292-u-vodoshovise-pivdenne-perestala-nadhoditi-kahovska-voda-vilkul.html
The Russian army fired at Sumy Region 13 times in a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720296-rosijska-armia-za-den-13-raziv-obstrilala-prikordonna-sumsini.html
Kherson Ova opened a "hotline" to help the victims
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720293-hersonska-ova-zapustila-garacu-liniu-dla-dopomogi-postrazdalim.html
Rolan Harros: Schwontek will protect the title in the 2023 finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720294-rolan-garros-svontek-zahisatime-titul-u-finali2023.html
Britain allocates 750 thousand pounds to support nuclear security in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/brytaniya-vydilyaye-750-tysyach-funtiv-dlya-pidtrymky-yadernoyi-bezpeky-v-ukrayini/
Zelensky: Underwater in the south were the burial grounds of animals, at least two of them - with a anthrax
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3720295-zelenskij-pid-vodou-na-pivdni-opinilis-mogilniki-tvarin-sonajmense-dva-z-nih-iz-sibirkou.html
The enemy hit Cherkasy region, eight people wounded - ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720297-rosia-zavdala-udaru-po-umansini-visim-ludej-poraneni-ova.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Zelensky reproached international organizations for zero support
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720300-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-zelenskij-doriknuv-miznarodnim-organizaciam-za-nul-pidtrimki.html
The water level in the Kakhovka reservoir dropped below the "dead point" - Ukrhydroenergo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720299-riven-vodi-u-kahovskomu-vodoshovisi-opustivsa-nizce-mertvoi-tocki-ukrgidroenergo.html
An expert group is created to hold the Russian Federation to the ecocide - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720305-stvoruetsa-ekspertna-grupa-dla-pritagnenna-rf-do-vidpovidalnosti-za-ekocid-zelenskij.html
Biden: I believe that we will have the necessary funding to support Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720302-bajden-viru-so-mi-matimemo-neobhidne-dla-pidtrimki-ukraini-finansuvanna.html
UPL. List of 33 best football players of the season-2022/23 according to Wyscout
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720301-upl-spisok-33-najkrasih-futbolstiv-sezonu202223-za-versieu-wyscout.html
Danilov does not exclude the possibility of individual bilateral agreements with NATO countries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720303-danilov-ne-viklucae-mozlivosti-individualnih-dvostoronnih-ugod-z-krainami-nato.html
Mariupol is now twice as high mortality than in Covid-19 peak-Andryushchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720038-u-mariupoli-zaraz-udvici-visa-smertnist-niz-u-pik-covid19-andrusenko.html
Cherkasy region shelling: Uman eliminated fires on the site of missile trays
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720309-obstril-cerkasini-v-umani-likviduvali-pozezi-na-misci-raketnih-vlucan.html
The "Want to Live" project receives more than three thousand applications from the Russian military - GUR
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720308-proekt-hocu-zit-somisaca-otrimue-ponad-tri-tisaci-zaavok-vid-rosijskih-vijskovih-gur.html
Almost 16,000 people can evacuate from the Kherson Right Bank
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720311-iz-pravoberezza-hersonsini-mozut-evakuuvati-majze-16-tisac-ludej.html
Youth World Cup 2023 Football: Uruguay will play in the final
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720322-molodiznij-cs2023-z-futbolu-urugvaj-zigrae-u-finali.html
Russian agent in Ukraine is eradicated with a frantic pace - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720312-rosijsku-agenturu-v-ukraini-vikorinuut-salenimi-tempami-danilov.html
In the US, the Hollywood actor was detained for participating in the Capitol's storm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720010-u-ssa-zatrimali-gollivudskogo-aktora-za-ucast-u-sturmi-kapitolia.html
Greta Tunberg demands to punish Russia for ecocide in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720315-greta-tunberg-vimagae-pokarati-rosiu-za-ekocid-v-ukraini.html
Zavatska was unable to go out to the 1/4 finals of the Challenger's WTA in Croatia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720317-zavacka-ne-zmogla-vijti-do-14-finalu-cellendzera-wta-v-horvatii.html
The President held a meeting on water provision of Dnipropetrovsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720319-prezident-proviv-naradu-sodo-zabezpecenna-vodou-dnipropetrovskoi-oblasti.html
Danilov: The consequences of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station for Russia will be catastrophic
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720318-danilov-naslidki-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-dla-rosii-budut-katastroficnimi.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: UN condemned by Russia's evacuation areas from the disaster zone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720320-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-v-oon-zasudili-obstrili-rosieu-rajoniv-evakuacii-iz-zoni-katastrofi.html
Britain is devoted to the long -term support of Ukraine - Sunak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720316-britania-viddana-dovgostrokovij-pidtrimci-ukraini-sunak.html
Putin's doubles are in closed places and under vigilant security - intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3720314-dvijniki-putina-perebuvaut-u-zakritih-miscah-i-pid-pilnou-ohoronou-rozvidka.html
Ukraine develops a funding program for the development of a defense-industrial complex
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/ukrayina-rozroblyaye-programu-finansuvannya-dlya-rozvytku-oboronno-promyslovogo-kompleksu/
White House about Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Persons: The reasons are being clarified but responsible for the destruction of Russia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/bilyj-dim-pro-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-prychyny-zyasovuyutsya-ale-vidpovidalna-za-rujnuvannya-rosiya/
Germany provided new military assistance to Ukraine: all -life, shells and reconnaissance drones
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/nimechchyna-nadala-ukrayini-novu-vijskovu-dopomogu-vsyudyhody-snaryady-ta-rozviduvalni-drony/
Ministry of Veterans conducted training for CNAP administrators on the quality of service provision to veterans services
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/minveteraniv-provelo-navchannya-dlya-administratoriv-cznapiv-shhodo-yakosti-nadannya-poslug-veteranam/
Biden: I believe that we will have the necessary funding to support Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720302-bajden-viru-so-mi-matimemo-neobhidne-dla-pidtrimki-ukraini-finansuvanna.html
The enemy has increased the presence of rocket launchers in the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/vorog-narostyv-prysutnist-raketonosiyiv-u-chornomu-mori-2/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 92 thousand military crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-92-tysyachi-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
The US Secretary of Defense met with colleagues from France and Britain who confirmed the firm devotion to Ukraine's support
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/ministr-oborony-ssha-zustrivsya-z-kolegamy-z-francziyi-ta-brytaniyi-yaki-pidtverdyly-tverdu-viddanist-pidtrymczi-ukrayiny/
Demand of Ukraine: Two aviation bombs were neutralized per day of pyrotechnics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/rozminuvannya-ukrayiny-za-dobu-pirotehniky-zneshkodyly-dvi-aviaczijni-bomby/
Russian terrorists fired 145 settlements of Ukraine, are dead and wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/rosijski-terorysty-obstrilyaly-145-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-ye-zagybli-ta-poraneni/
UPL. List of 33 best football players of the season-2022/23 according to Wyscout
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3720301-upl-spisok-33-najkrasih-futbolstiv-sezonu202223-za-versieu-wyscout.html
For defenders create a structure for coordinating the work of military psychologists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/dlya-zahysnykiv-stvoryuyut-strukturu-z-koordynacziyi-roboty-vijskovyh-psyhologiv/
Our task: after the war to return to the civilian life of mentally healthy people - Nazim Agayev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/nashe-zavdannya-pislya-vijny-povernuty-v-czyvilne-zhyttya-psyhichno-zdorovyh-lyudej-nazim-agayev/
"Every restored person is a capacity, it is an economy" - Oksana Zabitneva
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/kozhna-vidnovlena-lyudyna-cze-praczezdatnist-cze-ekonomika-oksana-zbitnyeva/
According to the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station there is a military-political leadership of the Russian Federation-Andriy Yusov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/za-teraktom-na-kahovskij-ges-stoyit-vijskovo-politychne-kerivnycztvo-rf-andrij-yusov/
In the south of Ukraine, the enemy significantly reduced the number of shelling - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/na-pivdni-ukrayiny-vorog-znachno-zmenshyv-kilkist-obstriliv-nataliya-gumenyuk/
Roszmi promote the narrative about the inaccuracy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/roszmi-prosuvayut-naratyv-pro-neprychetnist-rf-do-pidryvu-damby-kahovskoyi-ges-czpd/
The Russian soldier says that, fearing Ukrainian offensive, Russian soldiers do not return from vacations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/voyak-rf-rozpovidaye-shho-poboyuyuchys-ukrayinskogo-nastupu-rosijski-soldaty-ne-povertayutsya-z-vidpustok/
Danilov does not exclude the possibility of individual bilateral agreements with NATO countries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720303-danilov-ne-viklucae-mozlivosti-individualnih-dvostoronnih-ugod-z-krainami-nato.html
In the Nikolaev area, a pseudo -pseudoraut was detained, who assigned a million assembled on the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/na-mykolayivshhyni-zatrymano-psevdovolontera-yakyj-pryvlasnyv-miljon-zibranyj-na-zsu/
The couple of traitors will be judged, which after Kherson's de -occupation burned her Russian passports - DBR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/sudytymut-podruzhzhya-zradnykiv-yake-pislya-deokupacziyi-hersona-spalylo-svoyi-rosijski-pasporty-dbr/
In Britain, Canadian instructors teach the Armed Forces how to act in an urbanized area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/u-brytaniyi-kanadski-instruktory-navchayut-vijskovyh-zsu-yak-diyaty-v-urbanizovanij-misczevosti/
Defense forces struck 32 areas of concentration of the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/syly-oborony-protyagom-doby-urazyly-32-rajona-zoseredzhennya-voroga-znyshhyly-4-punkty-upravlinnya-2-zrk-i-5-skladiv-boyeprypasiv/
The President of Ukraine visited a pumping station flooded in Mykolaiv region due to the destruction of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/prezydent-ukrayiny-vidvidav-na-mykolayivshhyni-nasosnu-stancziyu-zatoplenu-cherez-rujnuvannya-kahovskoyi-ges/
Olesya Ogryzko: Ukrainians abroad - our Ambassadors army, which is responsible for the collective brand "Ukraine"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/olesya-ogryzko-ukrayinczi-za-kordonom-nasha-armiya-ambasadoriv-yaka-vidpovidaye-za-kolektyvnyj-brend-ukrayina/
The Armed Forces of the Armed Forces received 30 ambulances
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/medychni-syly-zsu-otrymaly-30-karet-shvydkoyi-dopomogy/
The Russian Federation implements provocations that create social tension among prisoners' families - coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/rf-realizuye-provokacziyi-yaki-stvoryuyut-soczialnu-naprugu-sered-rodyn-polonenyh-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
We are currently not only supporting and mental, but also recovery - military psychologist Alona Sidorenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/my-nyni-zajmayemos-ne-tilky-pidtrymkoyu-i-psyhichnym-suprovodom-a-j-vidnovlennyam-vijskovyj-psyholog-alona-sydorenko/
The occupiers were not fully aware
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/okupanty-povnoyu-miroyu-ne-usvidomlyuvaly-masshtabu-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-gur/
Mariupol is now twice as high mortality than in Covid-19 peak-Andryushchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720038-u-mariupoli-zaraz-udvici-visa-smertnist-niz-u-pik-covid19-andrusenko.html
28 settlements have been flooded in Kherson region, more than 2150 people evacuated
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/na-hersonshhyni-pidtopleni-28-naselenyh-punktiv-evakujovani-ponad-2150-osib/
Consequences of the Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power Plant: 20 settlements have been flooded, nearly 2000 people have been evacuated
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/naslidky-teraktu-na-kahovskij-ges-pidtopleno-20-naselenyh-punktiv-evakujovano-majzhe-2000-osib/
Anna Malyar told about the current situation on the front
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/ganna-malyar-rozpovila-pro-aktualnu-sytuacziyu-na-fronti/
Adjusted the fire at the deployment of the Armed Forces: detained Russian agent
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/koryguvala-vogon-po-misczyah-dyslokacziyi-zsu-zatrymano-rosijsku-agentku/
Since the beginning of a large -scale invasion of "Action" more than 20 electronic services appeared - Denis Shmigal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnogo-vtorgnennya-u-diyi-zyavylos-ponad-20-elektronnyh-poslug-denys-shmygal/
The head of state in Kherson region held a meeting to eliminate the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/glava-derzhavy-na-hersonshhyni-proviv-naradu-z-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
The UN will immediately increase the assistance of the victims from flooding the regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/oon-nevidkladno-zbilshyt-dopomogu-postrazhdalym-vid-zatoplennya-regionam-ukrayiny/
Why did the military chaplain take weapons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/chomu-vijskovyj-kapelan-vzyav-do-ruk-zbroyu/
Kherson region is provided with bactericidal agents for disinfection of drinking water - MOH
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/hersonshhyna-zabezpechena-bakteryczydnymy-zasobamy-dlya-znezarazhennya-pytnoyi-vody-moz/
14 employees of one of the fire and rescue units of Donetsk region have been reported
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-u-derzhzradi-14-praczivnykam-odnogo-z-pozhezhno-ryatuvalnyh-zagoniv-donechchyny/
In May, the Ministry of Reintegration transferred 20.8 million hryvnias for financial aid to evacuated displaced persons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/u-travni-minreintegracziyi-pererahuvalo-208-mln-gryven-na-groshovu-dopomogu-evakujovanym-pereselenczyam/
Cherkasy region shelling: Uman eliminated fires on the site of missile trays
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720309-obstril-cerkasini-v-umani-likviduvali-pozezi-na-misci-raketnih-vlucan.html
The Lviv Regional Center for Emergency Medical Aid has transferred humanitarian aid to Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/lvivskyj-oblasnyj-czentr-ekstrenoyi-medychnoyi-dopomogy-peredav-gumanitarnu-dopomogu-hersonshhyni/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy visited the victims as a result of the destruction of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/volodymyr-zelenskyj-vidvidav-postrazhdalyh-vnaslidok-rujnuvannya-kahovskoyi-ges/
That happens at the mouth of the Dnieper - an eyewitness comment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/shho-vidbuvayetsya-u-gyrli-dnipra-komentar-ochevydczya/
The impact of the occupiers on residents is rapid
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/vplyv-okupantiv-na-zhyteliv-tot-strimko-znyzhuyetsya-vony-vdayutsya-do-karalnyh-akczij-ganna-malyar/
26 combat clashes took place in the directions of the main effort of the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/na-napryamkah-osnovnyh-zusyl-voroga-vidbulos-26-bojovyh-zitknen/
The occupiers staged Kherson's shelling during the evacuation of civilians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/okupanty-vlashtuvaly-obstril-hersona-pid-chas-evakuacziyi-czyvilnyh/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 20 beats across the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-20-udariv-po-vorogu/
This look now has the Kakhovskaya Hydroe Background blown up by the Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/tak-vyglyadaye-zaraz-pidirvana-rosiyanamy-kahovska-ges/
Mines and unused ammunition have already been recorded in the sea in Odesa region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/u-akvatoriyi-morya-na-odeshhyny-vzhe-zafiksovani-miny-ta-nevykorystani-boyeprypasy-ova/
Sergei Cherevaty about the defense of Bakhmut: thanks to the successful operation of the defense force eliminated 81 thousand "Wagner"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/sergij-cherevatyj-pro-oboronu-bahmuta-zavdyaky-uspishnij-operacziyi-syly-oborony-likviduvaly-81-tysyachu-vagnerivcziv/
The "Want to Live" project receives more than three thousand applications from the Russian military - GUR
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720308-proekt-hocu-zit-somisaca-otrimue-ponad-tri-tisaci-zaavok-vid-rosijskih-vijskovih-gur.html
Ukraine creates history and protects the whole of Europe - Valdemaras Sarappinas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/ukrayina-tvoryt-istoriyu-ta-zahyshhaye-vsyu-yevropu-valdemaras-sarapinas/
The Russian Federation blocks access to the maintenance of Ukrainian defenders in captivity - Coordination Headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/rf-blokuye-dostup-do-miscz-utrymannya-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv-u-poloni-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
Our troops perform counter -attacks in the Bakhmut direction - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-tryvayut-kontratakuvalni-diyi-nashyh-vijsk-sergij-cherevatyj/
Belgium will provide Ukraine with emergency generators to overcome the consequences of the destruction of Kakhovka hydroelectric power station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/belgiya-nadast-ukrayini-avarijni-generatory-dlya-podolannya-naslidkiv-znyshhennya-kahovskoyi-ges/
Dmytro Kuleba: NATO will help Ukraine overcome the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/dmytro-kuleba-nato-dopomozhe-ukrayini-podolaty-naslidky-rosijskogo-teraktu-na-kahovskij-ges/
9 people were injured as a result of shelling by Kherson Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/9-osib-otrymaly-poranennya-vnaslidok-obstrilu-rosiyanamy-hersonu/
The government has changed a list of charitable assistance that is not taxed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/uryad-zminyv-perelik-blagodijnoyi-dopomogy-shho-ne-opodatkovuyetsya/
General Staff: Russians create a "live shield" from evacuated residents of temporarily occupied Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/genshtab-rosiyany-stvoryuyut-zhyvyj-shhyt-z-evakujovanyh-meshkancziv-hersonshhyny/
About two thousand people and 350 pieces of equipment were involved in the elimination of the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/operatyvna-informacziya-shhodo-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
The Cabinet of Ministers has approved the creation of an interagency working group on securing a security environment in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/kabmin-zatverdyv-stvorennya-mizhvidomchoyi-robochoyi-grupy-z-pytan-zabezpechennya-bezpekovogo-seredovyshha-v-ukrayini/
30 combat clashes took place over the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-vidbulos-30-bojovyh-zitknen/
Almost 16,000 people can evacuate from the Kherson Right Bank
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720311-iz-pravoberezza-hersonsini-mozut-evakuuvati-majze-16-tisac-ludej.html
Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine met with a delegation of the United States of America
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/zastupnyky-ministra-oborony-ukrayiny-zustrilysya-z-delegacziyeyu-spoluchenyh-shtativ-ameryky/
The leadership of the Kherson Regional State Administration appealed to the Ukrainians for help
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/kerivnycztvo-hersonskoyi-oda-zvernulosya-do-ukrayincziv-po-dopomogu/
In the Odessa of the Russian propagandist was sentenced to 10 years in prison
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/na-odeshhyni-rosijskogo-propagandysta-zasudzheno-do-10-rokiv-pozbavlennya-voli/
Crimean collaborator - Commander of the Marine Corps of the Russian Federation reported suspicion of murder of 7 civilians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/krymskomu-kolaborantu-komandyru-pidrozdilu-morskoyi-pihoty-chornomorskogo-flotu-vmf-rf-povidomleno-pidozru-za-vbyvstvo-7-czyvilnyh/
Usaid will provide financial assistance to Ukrainians affected by Kakhovsk Hydroelectric Power for 3 months
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/usaid-vprodovzh-3-h-misyacziv-nadavatymut-finansovu-dopomogu-ukrayinczyam-yaki-postrazhdaly-vnaslidok-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
The Kherson Ova launched a hot line to help affected citizens
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/u-hersonskij-ova-zapustyly-garyachu-liniyu-dlya-dopomogy-postrazhdalym-gromadyanam/
This ecocide is another atrocity that Russia has to answer - Greta Tunberg about undermining the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/czej-ekoczyd-ye-shhe-odnym-zvirstvom-za-yake-rosiya-maye-vidpovisty-greta-tunberg-pro-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges/
It is necessary to consolidate the world for Russia to be responsible for ecocide - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/neobhidno-konsoliduvaty-svit-shhob-rosiya-ponesla-vidpovidalnist-za-ekoczyd-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Kyiv region sent the first party of assistance for Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/kyyivshhyna-vidpravyla-pershu-partiyu-dopomogy-dlya-hersonshhyny/
Short. War. Day 470
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/08/korotko-vijna-den-470/
In the occupation of the investigation of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station is impossible - acid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720323-v-umovah-okupacii-rozsliduvanna-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-nemozlive-kislica.html
In the capital of Latvia, they presented a short film and opened an exhibition about the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3720221-u-stolici-latvii-predstavili-korotkometraznij-film-i-vidkrili-vistavku-pro-vijnu.html
In the capital of Latvia, they presented a short film and opened an exhibition about the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3720221-u-stolici-latvii-predstavili-korotkometraznij-film-i-vidkrili-vistavku-pro-vijnu.html
In the occupation of the investigation of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station is impossible - acid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3720323-v-umovah-okupacii-rozsliduvanna-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-nemozlive-kislica.html
In Khmelnytskyi, the suspect in the murder of Ukrainian in Poland was detained
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3720095-na-hmelniccini-zatrimali-pidozruvanogo-v-ubivstvi-ukrainki-u-polsi.html
Zelensky: Russia is governed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720324-zelenskij-rosieu-keruut-neludi-aki-osobisto-e-najbilsou-katastrofou-na-planeti.html
In Kiev and a number of areas - air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3720325-u-kievi-ta-nizci-oblastej-povitrana-trivoga.html
ZPP continues to pump coolant from the Kakhovka reservoir, although its level is already below the critical mark
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/09/zaes-prodovzhuye-vidkachuvaty-oholodzhuyuchu-vodu-z-kahovskogo-vodoshovyshha-hocha-riven-vody-vzhe-nyzhche-krytychnoyi-poznachky/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====