乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-07-09

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Shele Kolodyazhn, Novomolinsk, Dvorichny, West, Masuti ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5300
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasyukivka, Bogdanivka, Ivanivske, Kisschivka, Ole ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5302
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Ceramics, Zhalane, Avdiivka, Severne, Karlovka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5303
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Krasnohorivka, Maryinka and Pobyeda of Donetsk reg...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5304
At Shakhtarsk Directive Russian Army Sheled Novomikhailivka, Elizabethka, Bokhoynalenka, in ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5305
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Novodarivka, Levadne, Malynivka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5306
Russian artillery shelled Kherson
https://t.me/kherson_non_fake/8891
The clergy should become a driving force in the reconstruction of the released territories.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/duhovenstvo-maye-staty-rushijnoyu-syloyu-u-vidbudovi-zvilnenyh-terytorij-minreintegracziyi/
There was a joint training of the Lithuanian-Polish forces of special operations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/vidbulosya-spilne-navchannya-lytovsko-polskyh-syl-speczialnyh-operaczij/
The LNR participant was sentenced to 10 years behind bars - he sought Ukrainian positions in the Bakhmut district
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/uchasnyka-lnr-zasudzheno-do-10-rokiv-za-gratamy-vyshukuvav-ukrayinski-pozycziyi-v-bahmutskomu-rajoni/
In Kiev, a single number for all emergencies has been launched
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/u-kyyevi-zapraczyuvav-yedynyj-nomer-dlya-vsih-nadzvychajnyh-sytuaczij/
Austria and Switzerland joined the European Initiative to Protect the Sky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/avstriya-ta-shvejczariya-pryyednalysya-do-yevropejskoyi-inicziatyvy-zahystu-neba/
During the large -scale war, 9,000 civilians were killed in Ukraine, including 500 children - the UN
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/za-chas-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-vijny-v-ukrayini-zagynulo-9-tysyach-czyvilnyh-zokrema-500-ditej-oon/
66% of NATO Member States are negative about Russia - a survey
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/66-gromadyan-gromadyan-derzhav-chleniv-nato-negatyvno-stavlyatsya-do-rosiyi-opytuvannya/
Our aviation destroyed 4 SPRs and 1 enemy management point
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/nasha-aviacziya-znyshhyla-4-zrk-ta-1-punkt-upravlinnya-voroga/
In the northern direction of signs of formation of offensive groups of the enemy was not detected
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/na-pivnichnomu-napryamku-oznak-formuvannya-nastupalnyh-ugrupovan-protyvnyka-ne-vyyavleno/
500 days of the Great Liberation War
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/500-dniv-velykoyi-vyzvolnoyi-vijny/
Glory to everyone and everyone who is fighting for safety - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/500-dniv-povnomasshtabnoyi-vijny/
In the General Staff reported the number of beaten enemy drones over the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/u-genshtabi-povidomyly-pro-kilkist-zbytyh-vorozhyh-droniv-za-mynulu-dobu/
Selling Medicines Rosarmia: Pharmacological company was exposed in Zhytomyr region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/prodavala-medykamenty-rosarmiyi-vykryto-farmakologichnu-kompaniyu-na-zhytomyrshhyni/
Ukraine is making efforts to draw the world's attention to the problems of keeping in the captivity
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/ukrayina-dokladaye-zusyl-shhoby-zvernuty-uvagu-svitu-na-problemy-nezakonnogo-utrymannya-u-poloni-rf-czyvilnyh-ta-nekombatantiv-koordshtab/
The victims of Kakhovskaya Hydroe Hephew began to receive assistance from the state
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/postrazhdali-vid-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-pochaly-otrymuvaty-dopomogu-vid-derzhavy/
British Foreign Minister warned Russia from provocations at the Zaporozhye NPP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/glava-mzs-brytaniyi-zasterig-rosiyu-vid-provokaczij-na-zaporizkij-aes/
36 combat clashes - General Staff took place in the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/za-mynulu-dobu-vidbulos-36-bojovyh-zitknen-genshtab/
630 liquidated occupiers and 71 units of destroyed enemy weapons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/630-likvidovanyh-okupantiv-ta-71-odynyczya-znyshhenogo-vorozhogo-ozbroyennya/
Destates warriors showed how combat coordination is underway
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/08/voyiny-desantnyky-pokazaly-yak-prohodyat-bojove-zlagodzhennya/
The Russians fired at Berislav, the director of the hospital was injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733582-rosiani-obstrilali-berislav-postrazdav-direktor-likarni.html
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Novomikhailivka, Coal, Wondering, Golden ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5314
The Volleyball Women's Team Overcome Sweden for the second time and won the golden Eurolege
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733578-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-volejbolu-vdruge-zdolala-sveciu-i-stala-peremozniceu-zolotoi-evroligi.html
Azov Brigade: Return of commanders will increase the combat spirit of the unit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733573-brigada-azov-povernenna-komandiriv-pidvisit-bojovij-duh-pidrozdilu.html
In Zaporozhye the enemy began to change critical infrastructure - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733603-na-zaporizzi-vorog-pocav-minuvati-kriticnu-infrastrukturu-fedorov.html
In Poltava region the power supply was completely restored
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733599-na-poltavsini-povnistu-vidnovili-elektropostacanna.html
In Uzbekistan, negotiations with the Russian Federation on increasing the number of flights
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733601-v-uzbekistani-sprostuvali-peregovori-z-rf-pro-zbilsenna-kilkosti-aviarejsiv.html
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Fyholivka, Dvorichna, Kupyansk, Kyslivka, Kamyanka...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5309
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Verkhnokamy...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5310
Shooting at a Texas party: are dead and injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733591-strilanina-na-vecirci-u-tehasi-e-zagibli-j-poraneni.html
Kuleba spoke with Blinken: We work to make NATO's Summit Decisions winning for everyone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733587-kuleba-pogovoriv-z-blinkenom-pracuemo-sob-risenna-samitu-nato-buli-vigrasnimi-dla-vsih.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Kerramik, Berdyshi, Avdiivka, Pervomaisko And Sam ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5312
Energy turned the light of 50,000 families in Odesa region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733586-energetiki-povernuli-svitlo-50-tisacam-rodin-na-odesini.html
An enemy from heavy artillery hit Nikopol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733584-vorog-z-vazkoi-artilerii-vdariv-po-nikopolu.html
We have to pave the way for Ukraine to claim NATO -Biden membership
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733583-maemo-proklasti-slah-dla-ukraini-sob-vona-pretenduvala-na-clenstvo-v-nato-bajden.html
JSC Marinka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Neoelsk, Georgiyivka, Elizabeth, Krasnovka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5313
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanshchyna directions Russian army shelled Karpovych, Hremyach of C...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5308
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5316
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Novodarivka, Levadne, Malynivka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5315
White House activists urged the US to strengthen assistance to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733350-aktivisti-pid-bilim-domom-zaklikali-ssa-posiliti-dopomogu-ukraini.html
President Zelensky met with President of Poland Duda in Lutsk
https://t.me/espresotb/67454
The invaders fired at Kramatorsk at night
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733387-zagarbniki-vnoci-obstrilali-kramatorsk.html
After the rebellion of Wagner PEC, Putin tried to demonstrate power - British intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733388-pisla-zakolotu-pvk-vagner-putin-namagavsa-prodemonstruvati-silu-britanska-rozvidka.html
Igor Yovichevich became the new head coach "Al-Reda"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733607-igor-jovicevic-stav-novim-golovnim-trenerom-alraeda.html
As a result of Russian aggression in Ukraine, 494 children were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733390-unaslidok-rosijskoi-agresii-v-ukraini-zaginuli-494-ditini.html
In the Ivano-Frankivsk region, 229 yards remain flooded due to rainfall
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733391-v-ivanofrankivskij-oblasti-cerez-zlivi-zalisautsa-pidtoplenimi-229-dvoriv.html
Tsurenko and Svitolina are playing vouchers to 1/4 of Wimbledon's finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733393-curenko-ta-svitolina-sogodni-rozigraut-putivki-do-14-finalu-vimbldona.html
Ukrainian Svitolina defeated Belarusian Azarov and will play in the quarterfinals of Wimbledon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733616-ukrainka-svitolina-peremogla-bilorusku-azarovu-i-zigrae-u-cvertfinali-vimbldonu.html
The Russians fired nine regions of Ukraine in a day - erection of ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733395-rosiani-za-dobu-obstrilali-devat-regioniv-ukraini-zvedenna-ova.html
US Finance Minister commented on Brix countries to introduce a new currency
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3733381-ministr-finansiv-ssa-prokomentuvala-plani-krain-briks-zaprovaditi-novu-valutu.html
In Germany, there were clashes due to the Eritrean Festival, 26 police officers were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733396-u-nimeccini-stalisa-suticki-cerez-provedenna-eritrejskogo-festivalu-postrazdali-26-policejskih.html
Russia in 500 days of war against Ukraine has not reached any purpose - isw
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733398-rosia-za-500-dniv-vijni-proti-ukraini-ne-dosagla-zodnoi-meti-isw.html
Ukraine will hold a match in response to Sweden volleyball players in the Golden Euroleiga finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733407-ukraina-provede-matc-u-vidpovid-iz-volejbolistkami-svecii-u-finali-zolotoi-evroligi.html
Zelensky and Duda met in Lutsk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733409-zelenskij-ta-duda-zustrilisa-u-lucku.html
Vogue Ukraine Edition presented the book "Contemporary Ukrainian Prose and Poetry"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3733412-vogue-ukraine-edition-prezentuvalo-knigu-sucasna-ukrainska-proza-ta-poezia.html
In Israel, nearly 180,000 people came to protests against judicial reform
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733414-v-izraili-majze-180-tisac-ludej-vijsli-na-protesti-proti-sudovoi-reformi.html
Shazam app will now recognize songs in Tiktok, YouTube and Instagram
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3733418-dodatok-shazam-vidteper-rozpiznae-pisni-u-tiktok-youtube-ta-instagram.html
In Kharkiv region, 15 settlements remained without light without light
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733419-na-harkivsini-cerez-negodu-bez-svitla-zalisilisa-15-naselenih-punktiv.html
In Uzbekistan there are early presidential elections
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733421-v-uzbekistani-prohodat-dostrokovi-prezidentski-vibori.html
Stephanyshina about Zelensky's participation in NATO summit: No decisions have been made yet
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733622-stefanisina-pro-ucast-zelenskogo-u-samiti-nato-niakih-risen-se-ne-uhvaleno.html
The enemy partially returned to the positions that he occupied to the Kakhovskaya Hydrod
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733425-vorog-castkovo-povernuvsa-na-pozicii-aki-zajmav-do-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-gumenuk.html
In Finland resumed internal passport control through Biden's visit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733428-u-finlandii-vidnovili-vnutrisnij-pasportnij-kontrol-cerez-vizit-bajdena.html
In the Tavriysk direction a day, the Russians lost more than two mouths
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733429-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-za-dobu-rosiani-vtratili-ponad-dvi-roti.html
Apple in 2026 will release MacBook with a folding screen - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3733432-apple-u-2026-roci-vipustit-macbook-iz-rozkladnim-ekranom-zmi.html
Ministor, MES and Genesis trigger free IT courses for higher education teachers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3733433-mincifri-mon-i-kompania-genesis-zapuskaut-bezoplatni-itkursi-dla-vikladaciv-visiv.html
Ukrainian canoons won bronze at the youth World Cup 2023 on rowing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733435-ukrainski-kanoisti-vigrali-bronzu-na-molodiznomu-cs2023-z-vesluvanna.html
The situation remains quite complicated, the enemy applies managed ammunition - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733436-situacia-zalisaetsa-dosit-skladnou-vorog-zastosovue-kerovani-boepripasi-gumenuk.html
"Together we are stronger": Zelensky and Duda honored the memory of the victims of the Volyn tragedy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733437-razom-mi-silnisi-zelenskij-i-duda-vsanuvali-pamat-zertv-volinskoi-tragedii.html
Biden will make a public speech in Vilnius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733438-bajden-vistupit-iz-publicnou-promovou-u-vilnusi.html
Zelensky awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine to the founder of the intelligence group "Sulfur Banquets"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733439-zelenskij-prisvoiv-zvanna-geroa-ukraini-zasnovniku-rozvidgrupi-besketniki-sirka.html
In India's capital passed the strongest in 20 years of rains
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733442-u-stolici-indii-projsli-najsilnisi-za-20-rokiv-dosi.html
Elton John has completed a five -year farewell tour
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3733444-elton-dzon-zaversiv-patiricnij-prosalnij-tur.html
Russian artillery shelled Nikopol today
https://t.me/dneproperatyv/67584
There is no water in Konotop
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733453-u-konotopi-nemae-vodi-znestrumlenij-vodozabir.html
Explosions reported at Russian base north to Melitopol
https://t.me/ukrpravda_news/32985
France will buy the US anti -tank hellfire missiles for over $ 200 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733623-francia-kupit-u-ssa-protitankovi-raketi-hellfire-na-ponad-200-miljoniv.html
Carpathian-2 players will perform in the second league
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733457-futbolisti-karpat2-vistupatimut-u-drugij-lizi.html
The king stated that the movement of "Wagnerians" is a rotation rather than exit from the country
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733459-u-car-zaavili-so-peremisenna-vagnerivciv-e-rotacieu-a-ne-vihodom-iz-kraini.html
In Kharkiv during bad weather, more than 130 trees fell
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733460-u-harkovi-pid-cas-negodi-vpalo-bils-ak-130-derev.html
In Warsaw, police became a border between a pro -Russian rally and Ukrainian activists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733465-u-varsavi-policia-stala-kordonom-miz-prorosijskim-mitingom-i-ukrainskimi-aktivistami.html
Zelensky in Lutsk held a meeting on the situation on the border with Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733467-zelenskij-u-lucku-proviv-naradu-sodo-situacii-na-kordoni-z-bilorussu.html
A two -year -old boy was killed in an accident in an accident
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733469-na-kiivsini-u-dtp-zaginuv-dvoricnij-hlopcik.html
Peru has declared an emergency after an outbreak of a rare illness
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733472-u-peru-ogolosili-nadzvicajnu-situaciu-pisla-spalahu-ridkisnoi-hvorobi.html
The occupiers declare a whipped winged rocket near the Kerch Bridge - social network
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3733474-okupanti-zaavlaut-pro-zbitu-krilatu-raketu-bila-kercenskogo-mostu-socmerezi.html
Ukrainians in Poland can now get legal advice online
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733620-ukrainci-v-polsi-teper-mozut-otrimati-uridicni-konsultacii-onlajn.html
Zelensky about US elections: It is important for us to keep two -party support
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733625-zelenskij-pro-vibori-v-ssa-dla-nas-vazlivo-zberegti-dvopartijnu-pidtrimku.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
Zelensky and Duda discussed the future NATO summit in Vilnius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733476-zelenskij-i-duda-obgovorili-majbutnij-samit-nato-u-vilnusi.html
Kokoshko's pusher set up a record of track and field competitions in Portugal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733477-stovhatel-adra-kokosko-vstanoviv-rekord-zmagan-u-portugalii.html
The Rugby-7 women's team won the European Championship in Trophy Division
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733481-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-regbi7-vigrala-cempionat-evropi-u-divizioni-trophy.html
A Thousand Military and Air Defense: Vilnius turns into a fortress on the eve of NATO Summit - Reuters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733483-tisaci-vijskovih-ta-ppo-vilnus-peretvoruut-na-fortecu-naperedodni-samitu-nato-reuters.html
In Poltava region found pollution of the Psel River by an unknown substance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733484-na-poltavsini-viavili-zabrudnenna-ricki-psel-nevidomou-recovinou.html
BMW introduced smart -covers for motorcyclists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3733489-bmw-predstavila-smartokulari-dla-motociklistiv.html
The heat will fall in most regions of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733486-speka-spade-u-bilsosti-regioniv-ukraini.html
Austrian company will continue to buy gas in the Russian Federation by 2040
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3733495-avstrijska-kompania-prodovzit-kupuvati-gaz-u-rf-do-2040-roku.html
In Spain, the Conservative People's Party on the eve of the election increased the separation from the governing PSOE
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733498-v-ispanii-konservativna-narodna-partia-naperedodni-viboriv-zbilsila-vidriv-vid-kerivnoi-psoe.html
Kalinina completed the performance at the Wimbledon tournament ahead of time
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733499-kalinina-dostrokovo-zaversila-vistup-na-vimbldonskomu-turniri.html
In Transcarpathia detained the suspect in the corruption of an eight -year -old girl
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733500-na-zakarpatti-zatrimali-pidozruvanogo-u-rozbesenni-vosmiricnoi-divcinki.html
Water condition on six metropolitan beaches does not meet the standards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3733501-stan-vodi-na-sesti-stolicnih-plazah-ne-vidpovidae-normam.html
Russian troops fired at Kherson again, a woman affected
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733504-rosijski-vijska-znovu-obstrilali-herson-postrazdala-zinka.html
In Kiev, more than 170 civilians have been killed since the beginning of the war from the beginning of the war - Klitschko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3733508-u-kievi-vid-vorozih-atak-z-pocatku-vijni-zaginuli-ponad-170-civilnih-klicko.html
In Mexico found the body of a killed journalist of a leading newspaper
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733512-u-meksici-znajsli-tilo-vbitogo-zurnalista-providnoi-gazeti.html
In France, new military assistance parties to Ukraine were announced
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733513-u-francii-anonsuvali-novi-partii-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
The French company will help build modern power grids in the Zaporozhye region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3733514-francuzka-kompania-dopomoze-pobuduvati-sucasni-elektromerezi-u-zaporizkij-oblasti.html
A fire broke out at the gas station, three victims in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3733516-u-kievi-spalahnula-pozeza-na-azs.html
Stefanchuk in Riga met with the speaker of the Diet of Latvia - what was said
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733518-stefancuk-u-rizi-zustrivsa-zi-spikerom-sejmu-latvii-pro-so-govorili.html
Ukrainian Bindl gave way to the second round of Vimbledon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733519-ukrainka-bajndl-postupilasa-v-drugomu-koli-parnogo-vimbldona.html
The United States destroyed in Syria leader IDIL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733521-spoluceni-stati-znisili-u-sirii-vatazka-idil.html
Luke Ernandez has become a new PSG football player
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733525-luka-ernandes-stav-novim-futbolistom-psz.html
Ukrainian Turenko completed the performances at Wimbledon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733526-ukrainka-curenko-zaversila-vistupi-na-vimbldoni.html
Defense forces per week destroyed 4380 Russians and 26 tanks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733528-sili-oboroni-za-tizden-znisili-4380-rosian-ta-26-tankiv.html
Twitter users with blue ticks are spreading fakes about the Russian Federation in Ukraine - BBC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3733530-koristuvaci-twitter-iz-sinimi-galockami-posiruut-fejki-pro-vijnu-rf-v-ukraini-bbc.html
On the Brovarsky avenue blocked traffic through a fire at the gas station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3733531-na-brovarskomu-prospekti-perekrili-ruh-cerez-pozezu-na-azs.html
The fire at the gas station was eliminated in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3733536-u-kievi-likviduvali-pozezu-na-azs.html
Meta will pay more than $ 1 million compensation for viewing the correspondence of Israelis
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3733538-meta-zaplatit-ponad-1-miljon-kompensacii-za-pereglad-listuvanna-izrailtan.html
Dry vegetation burns in Odessa region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733540-na-odesini-palae-suha-roslinnist.html
Zelensky: We appreciate every life, remember history and we protect freedom together
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733549-zelenskij-cinuemo-kozne-zitta-pamataemo-istoriu-i-razom-zahisaemo-svobodu.html
Eco -activists hung a banner on the famous monument of Rhyme
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733542-ekoaktivisti-povisili-baner-na-vidomomu-monumenti-rima-ta-prikuvali-sebe-do-nogo.html
In Kherson region, two people were injured from the explosion trying to disassemble an unknown item
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733544-na-hersonsini-vnaslidok-vibuhu-travmuvalisa-dvoe-ludej-aki-namagalisa-rozibrati-nevidomij-predmet.html
Klitschko called the cause of the fire at the gas station - the car flew into the column
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3733546-klicko-nazvav-pricinu-pozezi-na-azs-avto-vletilo-u-kolonku.html
Zelensky: Priority - strengthening the entire northern border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733548-zelenskij-prioritet-zmicnenna-usogo-pivnicnogo-kordonu.html
Stefanchuk in Riga spoke about the future of Ukraine in the EU and NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733550-stefancuk-u-rizi-govoriv-pro-majbutne-ukraini-v-es-i-nato.html
The President thanked the soldiers who were distinguished in battles this week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733552-prezident-podakuvav-voinam-aki-cogo-tizna-vidznacilisa-u-boah.html
Syria took accreditation in BBC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733553-siria-zabrala-akreditaciu-u-bbc.html
Tretyakov signed a contract with Dnipro -1 - journalist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733556-tretakov-pidpisav-kontrakt-z-dniprom1-zurnalist.html
Wizz Air removed from a Ukrainian soldier with a prosthesis, the airline later apologized
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733559-wizz-air-znala-z-litaka-ukrainskogo-soldata-z-protezom-aviakompania-zgodom-vibacilasa.html
Ukrainian Onofriychuk became the second at the Junior Workshop on Artistic Gymnastics in Exercises with Maces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733558-ukrainka-onofrijcuk-stala-drugou-na-uniorskomu-cs-z-hudoznoi-gimnastiki-u-vpravah-z-bulavami.html
A ship with 299 rescued migrants arrived in the Italian port
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733563-do-italijskogo-portu-pribulo-sudno-z-299-vratovanimi-migrantami.html
An explosion came near Melitopol, before the invaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733564-bila-melitopola-prolunav-vibuh-poperedno-na-bazi-zagarbnikiv.html
The Russians want, but it is very difficult to commit a new Chernobyl on the ZPP - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733566-rosianam-hocetsa-ale-duze-skladno-vciniti-na-zaes-novij-cornobil-ekspert.html
President South Africa confirmed that the Brix Summit will take place “Physically”
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733567-prezident-par-pidtverdiv-so-samit-briks-vidbudetsa-fizicno.html
Tina Karol handed over to the Pope a 9-year-old boy from Mariupol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733568-tina-karol-peredala-papi-rimskomu-sodennik-9ricnogo-hlopcika-z-mariupola.html
In four directions a day there were 27 clashes, heavy fights continue
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733572-na-cotiroh-napramkah-za-dobu-vidbulisa-27-zitknen-trivaut-vazki-boi.html
The Ukrainian team for beach football was released at the 2024 World Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733575-zbirna-ukraini-z-plaznogo-futbolu-vijsla-na-cs2024.html
Ukraine has produced more shells in June than in the last year - Kamyshin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733576-ukraina-u-cervni-virobila-bilse-snaradiv-niz-za-ves-minulij-rik-kamisin.html
Honoring the memory of the victims of the Volyn tragedy by Zelensky and Duda is a symbolic gesture - historian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733577-vsanuvanna-pamati-zertv-volinskoi-tragedii-zelenskim-i-dudou-e-simvolicnim-zestom-istorik.html
The Volleyball Women's Team Overcome Sweden for the second time and won the golden Eurolege
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733578-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-volejbolu-vdruge-zdolala-sveciu-i-stala-peremozniceu-zolotoi-evroligi.html
Sentsov received a contusion during a counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733609-sencov-otrimav-kontuziu-pid-cas-kontrnastupu.html
Zaluzhny was awarded the title "Honorary Citizen of Yavorov"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733606-zaluznomu-prisvoili-zvanna-pocesnij-gromadanin-avorova.html
The Russians fired at Berislav, the director of the hospital was injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733582-rosiani-obstrilali-berislav-postrazdav-direktor-likarni.html
We have to pave the way for Ukraine to claim NATO -Biden membership
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733583-maemo-proklasti-slah-dla-ukraini-sob-vona-pretenduvala-na-clenstvo-v-nato-bajden.html
An enemy from heavy artillery hit Nikopol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733584-vorog-z-vazkoi-artilerii-vdariv-po-nikopolu.html
Energy turned the light of 50,000 families in Odesa region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733586-energetiki-povernuli-svitlo-50-tisacam-rodin-na-odesini.html
Kuleba spoke with Blinken: We work to make NATO's Summit Decisions winning for everyone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733587-kuleba-pogovoriv-z-blinkenom-pracuemo-sob-risenna-samitu-nato-buli-vigrasnimi-dla-vsih.html
Shooting at a Texas party: are dead and injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733591-strilanina-na-vecirci-u-tehasi-e-zagibli-j-poraneni.html
In Uzbekistan, negotiations with the Russian Federation on increasing the number of flights
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733601-v-uzbekistani-sprostuvali-peregovori-z-rf-pro-zbilsenna-kilkosti-aviarejsiv.html
In Poltava region the power supply was completely restored
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733599-na-poltavsini-povnistu-vidnovili-elektropostacanna.html
In Zaporozhye the enemy began to change critical infrastructure - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3733603-na-zaporizzi-vorog-pocav-minuvati-kriticnu-infrastrukturu-fedorov.html
Igor Yovichevich became the new head coach "Al-Reda"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733607-igor-jovicevic-stav-novim-golovnim-trenerom-alraeda.html
Zaluzhny was awarded the title "Honorary Citizen of Yavorov"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733606-zaluznomu-prisvoili-zvanna-pocesnij-gromadanin-avorova.html
Ukrainians in Poland can now get legal advice online
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733620-ukrainci-v-polsi-teper-mozut-otrimati-uridicni-konsultacii-onlajn.html
In Poland, a minibus with Ukrainians crashed into a truck, there is a dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733610-u-polsi-mikroavtobus-s-ukraincami-vrizavsa-u-vantazivku-e-zagibla.html
The Armed Forces are fixed on the reached boundaries: the Ministry of Defense told about the offensive in the south
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733613-zsu-zakripluutsa-na-dosagnutih-rubezah-u-minoboroni-rozpovili-pro-nastup-na-pivdni.html
When the Armed Forces reach the Crimea, Putin wants to negotiate - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733615-koli-zsu-dijdut-do-krimu-putin-zahoce-peregovoriv-zelenskij.html
Ukrainians in Poland can now get legal advice online
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733620-ukrainci-v-polsi-teper-mozut-otrimati-uridicni-konsultacii-onlajn.html
NATO states in front of the summit hurry to agree on the format of security guarantees for Ukraine - Politico
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733618-derzavi-nato-pered-samitom-pospisaut-uzgoditi-format-garantij-bezpeki-dla-ukraini-politico.html
Ukrainian Svitolina defeated Belarusian Azarov and will play in the quarterfinals of Wimbledon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3733616-ukrainka-svitolina-peremogla-bilorusku-azarovu-i-zigrae-u-cvertfinali-vimbldonu.html
Stephanyshina about Zelensky's participation in NATO summit: No decisions have been made yet
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733622-stefanisina-pro-ucast-zelenskogo-u-samiti-nato-niakih-risen-se-ne-uhvaleno.html
France will buy the US anti -tank hellfire missiles for over $ 200 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3733623-francia-kupit-u-ssa-protitankovi-raketi-hellfire-na-ponad-200-miljoniv.html
Zelensky about US elections: It is important for us to keep two -party support
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733625-zelenskij-pro-vibori-v-ssa-dla-nas-vazlivo-zberegti-dvopartijnu-pidtrimku.html
Sentsov received a contusion during a counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733609-sencov-otrimav-kontuziu-pid-cas-kontrnastupu.html
The army of the Russian Federation is firing on Ukraine daily, and the citizens of Israel have to be aware of it, arriving at the celebration of Rosh Ha-Shan
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/armiya-rf-shhodenno-obstrilyuye-ukrayinu-i-gromadyany-izrayilyu-mayut-cze-usvidomlyuvaty-prybuvayuchy-na-svyatkuvannya-rosh-ga-shana/
The head of state reported the appointment of Hero of Ukraine Colonel Alexander Pivnenko by the Commander of the National Guard
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/glava-derzhavy-povidomyv-pro-pryznachennya-geroya-ukrayiny-polkovnyka-oleksandra-pivnenka-komanduvachem-naczionalnoyi-gvardiyi/
The project of the European Union for a million 155 mm shells is already completely on the march-Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/proyekt-yevropejskogo-soyuzu-na-miljon-155-mm-snaryadiv-vzhe-povnistyu-na-marshi-oleksij-reznikov/
The Government has approved the procedure for establishing the fact of direct participation of civilians in the protection of Ukraine for granting appropriate statuses
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/za-inicziatyvy-minveteraniv-uryad-zatverdyv-poryadok-vstanovlennya-faktu-bezposerednoyi-uchasti-czyvilnyh-osib-u-zahysti-ukrayiny-dlya-nadannya-vidpovidnyh-statusiv/
Russia for a long time does not stop attempting to appropriation of Ukrainian culture that in no way belongs to it
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/rosiya-protyagom-dovgogo-chasu-ne-prypynyaye-sprob-pryvlasnennya-ukrayinskoyi-kultury-yaka-zhodnym-chynom-yij-ne-nalezhyt/
There was a meeting of the coordination headquarters on the protection of the rights of the child in the conditions of martial law
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/vidbulosya-zasidannya-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-z-pytan-zahystu-prav-dytyny-v-umovah-voyennogo-stanu/
Austria among countries that are constantly supporting Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/avstriya-sered-krayin-yaki-postijno-pidtrymuyut-ukrayinu/
In Poland, a minibus with Ukrainians crashed into a truck, there is a dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733610-u-polsi-mikroavtobus-s-ukraincami-vrizavsa-u-vantazivku-e-zagibla.html
Fair show: Border Aeraconian Intelligence Light
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/fayer-shou-zapalyuyut-prykordonni-aerorozvidnyky/
Issuance of the disadvantage of the missing persons should be as simplified as possible
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/vydacha-posvidchennya-sim%ca%bcyam-znyklyh-bezvisty-maye-buty-maksymalno-sproshhena/
None of the scenarios of developments in the ZPP creates a radiation threat to the population
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/zhoden-zi-sczenariyiv-rozvytku-podij-na-zaes-ne-stvoryuye-radiaczijnoyi-zagrozy-naselennyu/
Defense forces continue offensive in Melitopol and Berdyansk directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/syly-oborony-prodovzhuyut-vedennya-nastupalnoyi-operacziyi-na-melitopolskomu-ta-berdyanskomu-napryamkah-2/
Aviation of Defense Forces over the past day has made 7 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/nashi-voyiny-mynuloyi-doby-vrazyly-11-artzasobiv-voroga-3-zasoby-ppo-ta-2-stancziyi-reb/
The Armed Forces are fixed on the reached boundaries: the Ministry of Defense told about the offensive in the south
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733613-zsu-zakripluutsa-na-dosagnutih-rubezah-u-minoboroni-rozpovili-pro-nastup-na-pivdni.html
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated about 600 invaders, destroyed 20 Artisystems
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-blyzko-600-okupantiv-znyshhyly-20-artsystem/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
F-16 is able to take off from our airfields and intercept goals over the entire territory of Ukraine-Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/f-16-zdatni-zlitaty-z-bud-yakyh-nashyh-aerodromiv-i-perehoplyuvaty-czili-nad-usiyeyu-terytoriyeyu-ukrayiny-yurij-ignat/
DShV command showed how our artillerymen destroy the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/komanduvannya-dshv-pokazalo-yak-nashi-artylerysty-nyshhat-okupantiv/
In 500 days of full -scale war, 298 Ukrainians and Ukrainians were awarded the highest title of Hero of Ukraine - President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/za-500-dniv-povnomasshtabnoyi-vijny-298-ukrayinczyam-i-ukrayinkam-prysvoyeno-najvyshhe-zvannya-geroya-ukrayiny-prezydent/
Defense forces destroyed 11 enemy artillery
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/syly-oborony-znyshhyly-11-artylerijskyh-zasobiv-protyvnyka/
The call should be canceled, and the former "military commodity" should become CNAP - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/pryzov-maye-buty-skasovano-a-kolyshni-voyenkomaty-mayut-staty-cznapamy-oleksij-reznikov/
When the Armed Forces reach the Crimea, Putin wants to negotiate - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733615-koli-zsu-dijdut-do-krimu-putin-zahoce-peregovoriv-zelenskij.html
Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Andrzej Duda honored memory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/volodymyr-zelenskyj-i-andzhej-duda-vshanuvaly-pamyat-zhertv-volynskoyi-tragediyi/
Children of military personnel and domestic displaced persons can get grants to study
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/granty-na-navchannya-dlya-ditej-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-i-vnutrishnih-pereselencziv/
Your Spirit is stronger than the body: veterans' sports competitions took place in the capital
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/tvij-duh-sylnishyj-za-tilo-u-stolyczi-vidbulysya-sportyvni-zmagannya-veteraniv/
Since the beginning of a large -scale invasion, Ukraine has received 12.8 thousand tons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/z-pochatku-povnomasshtabnoyi-vijny-ukrayina-otrymala-128-tys-tonn-medychnoyi-gumanitarnoyi-dopomogy/
A meeting with the families of the Sicheslav Brigade service took place on the coordination
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/u-koordshtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodynamy-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-sicheslavskoyi-brygady/
500 days of determination of Ukrainian sports
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/500-dniv-rishuchosti-ukrayinskogo-sportu/
Up to three million hryvnias can be obtained in support of veteran business
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/na-pidtrymku-veteranskogo-biznesu-mozhna-otrymaty-do-troh-miljoniv-gryven/
There are heavy fights in Donetsk region: more than 30 combat clashes took place during the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/na-donechchyni-tryvayut-vazhki-boyi-protyagom-doby-vidbulos-ponad-30-bojovyh-zitknen/
In the Taurian direction of defense forces move forward - Valery Shershn
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-syly-oborony-prosuvayutsya-vpered-valerij-shershen/
In the southern direction of defense forces destroyed the enemy SCC "Beech" and the station of the Reb - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/cherez-sylnyj-shtorm-u-chornomu-mori-vsi-raketonosiyi-rf-zavedeno-do-punktiv-bazuvannya-nataliya-gumenyuk/
Ukrainians in Poland can now get legal advice online
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3733620-ukrainci-v-polsi-teper-mozut-otrimati-uridicni-konsultacii-onlajn.html
Land troops demonstrated the wonderful work of our soldiers in the Bakhmut direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/suhoputni-vijska-prodemonstruvaly-chudovu-robotu-nashyh-voyiniv-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku/
In the Black Sea on a battle duty five enemy ships
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/u-chornomu-mori-na-bojovomu-cherguvanni-pyat-vorozhyh-korabliv/
In Volyn, the President held a meeting on the socio-economic and security situation in the region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/na-volyni-prezydent-proviv-naradu-shhodo-soczialno-ekonomichnoyi-ta-bezpekovoyi-sytuacziyi-v-regioni/
The consequences of Russian shelling as of 09:00 on July 9
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/naslidky-rosijskyh-obstriliv-stanom-na-0900-9-lypnya/
We appreciate every life, remember history and together protect freedom - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/czinuyemo-kozhne-zhyttya-pamyatayemo-istoriyu-i-razom-zahyshhayemo-svobodu-prezydent-ukrayiny/
The hostile rocket launchers are ready in the places of base, and the landing ships of the enemy are transported by car - Dmitry Pletenchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/vorozhi-raketonosiyi-perebuvayut-u-gotovnosti-v-misczyah-bazuvannya-a-desantni-korabli-voroga-perevozyat-legkovyky-dmytro-pletenchuk/
RPS-7 Ingul is able to detect enemy radars, air defense systems and aircraft from a long distance-Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/rps-7-ingul-zdatna-vyyavlyaty-vorozhi-radary-systemy-ppo-ta-litaky-z-velykoyi-vidstani-oleksij-reznikov/
Mathogos to families of prisoners, interned, missing persons: who is entitled?
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/matdopomoga-simyam-polonenyh-internovanyh-znyklyh-bezvisty-hto-maye-pravo/
Defense forces struck 2 areas of focus of enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/syly-oborony-urazyly-2-rajony-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
Weapons of victory. BM "Oplot" - a tank of domestic production
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/zbroya-peremogy-bm-oplot-tank-vitchyznyanogo-vyrobnycztva/
In Starobilsk invaders are forced to receive Russian passports
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/u-starobilsku-okupanty-zmushuyut-gromadyan-ukrayiny-otrymuvaty-rosijski-pasporty/
A new badge is approved to reward sergeants and sergeants
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/zatverdzheno-novyj-nagrudnyj-znak-dlya-nagorodzhennya-serzhantiv-ta-starshyn/
An exhibition about the war in Ukraine in Ukraine opened a street artist from France Christian Gemie.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/u-kyyevi-vidkrylasya-vystavka-pro-vijnu-v-ukrayini-vulychnogo-hudozhnyka-z-francziyi-kristiana-gemi/
Petro Chernyk: Casket ammunition is a symmetrical response to the enemy and great help to our defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/petro-chernyk-kasetni-boyeprypasy-symetrychna-vidpovid-vorogu-ta-velyka-dopomoga-nashym-zahysnykam/
"The faces of our winners will be just like that" - the General Staff showed photos
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/oblychchya-nashyh-peremozhcziv-budut-same-taki-genshtab-pokazav-foto-muzhnih-voyiniv-zsu/
27 combat clashes took place in Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/na-donechchyni-vidbulos-27-bojovyh-zitknen/
As our defenders conquered another position
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/suhoputni-vijska-pokazaly-yak-nashi-zahysnyky-vidvoyuvaly-shhe-odnu-pozycziyu/
The Navy told what their artillerymen dreamed of
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/u-vms-rozpovily-pro-shho-mriyut-yihni-artylerysty/
The public campaign is ongoing to renam one of the streets in honor of the Chibbieev brothers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/tryvaye-publichna-kampaniya-shhodo-perejmenuvannya-odniyeyi-z-vulycz-na-chest-brativ-chybinyeyevyh/
In OK "South", infantry training continues
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/09/v-ok-pivden-tryvaye-pidgotovka-pihotyncziv/
NATO states in front of the summit hurry to agree on the format of security guarantees for Ukraine - Politico
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733618-derzavi-nato-pered-samitom-pospisaut-uzgoditi-format-garantij-bezpeki-dla-ukraini-politico.html
The invaders prohibit the inhabitants of that to communicate from the territory controlled by Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733630-zagarbniki-zaboronaut-meskancam-tot-spilkuvatis-z-pidkontrolnoi-ukraini-teritorii.html
Germany is preparing to block Ukraine's application for NATO membership
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733629-nimeccina-gotuetsa-zablokuvati-zaavku-ukraini-na-clenstvo-v-nato-zmi.html
Ermak about the Russian Federation: It is not Pushkin's country or one of the strongest armies in the world, but a terrorists country
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733628-ermak-pro-rf-ce-ne-kraina-puskina-ci-odniei-z-najsilnisih-armij-u-sviti-a-kraina-teroristiv.html
Steinmeyer supported Ukraine's transmission of cassette ammunition from the United States
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733627-stajnmaer-pidtrimav-peredacu-ukraini-kasetnih-boepripasiv-vid-ssa.html
President does not exclude that in Russia there may be another rebellion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733626-prezident-ne-viklucae-so-v-rosii-moze-statisa-se-odin-zakolot.html
The Russians fired at two communities in Sumy - Ova a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733611-rosiani-za-den-obstrilali-dvi-gromadi-na-sumsini-ova.html
The Russians fired at two communities in Sumy - Ova a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733611-rosiani-za-den-obstrilali-dvi-gromadi-na-sumsini-ova.html
President does not exclude that in Russia there may be another rebellion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733626-prezident-ne-viklucae-so-v-rosii-moze-statisa-se-odin-zakolot.html
Steinmeyer supported Ukraine's transmission of cassette ammunition from the United States
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733627-stajnmaer-pidtrimav-peredacu-ukraini-kasetnih-boepripasiv-vid-ssa.html
Ermak about the Russian Federation: It is not Pushkin's country or one of the strongest armies in the world, but a terrorists country
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733628-ermak-pro-rf-ce-ne-kraina-puskina-ci-odniei-z-najsilnisih-armij-u-sviti-a-kraina-teroristiv.html
Germany is preparing to block Ukraine's application for NATO membership
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733629-nimeccina-gotuetsa-zablokuvati-zaavku-ukraini-na-clenstvo-v-nato-zmi.html
The invaders prohibit the inhabitants of that to communicate from the territory controlled by Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3733630-zagarbniki-zaboronaut-meskancam-tot-spilkuvatis-z-pidkontrolnoi-ukraini-teritorii.html
Zelensky: Ukraine should get clear security guarantees until it is in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3733631-zelenskij-ukraina-povinna-otrimati-citki-garantii-bezpeki-poki-vona-ne-v-nato.html
Impressive photos of Ukrainian defenders showed OK East "
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/10/vrazhayuchi-foto-roboty-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv-pokazalo-ok-shid/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====