乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-07-05

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Kupiansk and Lyman directions Russian army shelled Petro-Ivanivka, Novomlynsk, Kupyansk of...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5265
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Kramatorsk, Konstantinovka, Vasukivka, Bogdanivka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5266
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Kerramik, Avdiivka, Severne, Water Andes Nevelsk ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5267
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St.
https://t.me/lumsrc/5268
AT Shakhtarsk Directive Russian Army Sheled Blavodatne, Vukhledar, Bokhoynalen, Shakhotrsk ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5269
Zaporizhzhia And Kherson Directioz Rusian Army Shelled Gulyaipilsk, Belogoiria, Little Tok ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5270
Questions have arisen while passing VLK - call the hotline
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/vynykly-pytannya-pry-prohodzhenni-vlk-telefonuj-na-garyachu-liniyu/
The situation with external power supply remains very vulnerable - the IAEA
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/sytuacziya-iz-zovnishnimy-elektropostachannyam-zaes-zalyshayetsya-duzhe-vrazlyvoyu-magate/
Chernihiv Oblast: A mobile mobile class from mine safety started
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/chernigivska-oblast-rozpochav-robotu-peresuvnyj-mobilnyj-klas-z-minnoyi-bezpeky/
Over the past day, our warriors destroyed 16 Shahaneda in the air battle
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/u-protypovitryanomu-boyu-nashi-voyiny-znyshhyly-16-shahed-iv/
Spokesperson of Tavriya direction Defense forces claims Russian troops using lewisite in combat
https://t.me/Tsaplienko/35136
There are 9 enemy attacks in the Bakhmut direction, on Marinski - 15
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-vidbyto-9-atak-protyvnyka-na-maryinskomu-15/
In Luhansk region, the occupiers staged two hospitals in children's wellness camps
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/na-luganshhyni-okupanty-vlashtuvaly-dva-shpytali-u-dytyachyh-ozdorovchyh-taborah/
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated nearly 800 invaders, destroyed 32 artsystems and 6 RSZV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-800-okupantiv-znyshhyly-32-artsystemy-i-6-rszv/
Defense Ministers of Poland and Germany: We need to find the best solutions to help Ukraine as soon as possible
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ministry-oborony-polshhi-ta-nimechchyny-nam-potribno-yaknajshvydshe-znajty-najkrashhi-rishennya-dlya-dopomogy-ukrayini/
Russian invaders destroyed 585 cultural infrastructure - MKIP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/rosijski-okupanty-znyshhyly-585-obyektiv-kulturnoyi-infrastruktury-mkip/
“Every shot exactly in the target!”: SCO snipers in Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/kozhen-postril-tochno-v-czil-kadry-roboty-snajperiv-sso-u-bahmuti/
Special robots are planned to be transferred to Americans to Vinnytsia Rescuers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/speczialnyh-robotiv-rozminovuvachiv-planuyut-peredaty-amerykanczi-vinnyczkym-ryatuvalnykam/
RVIA units struck three SPRs and enemy Reb Station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/pidrozdily-rvia-urazyly-try-zrk-ta-stancziyu-reb-protyvnyka/
In Lithuania, international exercises of the MSO "Strong and One - 2023" began
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/u-lytvi-tryvayut-mizhnarodni-navchannya-sso-sylni-ta-yedyni-2023/
Ukrainian law enforcement officers in France borrowed the experience of investigating military crimes against children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ukrayinski-pravoohoronczi-u-francziyi-perejmaly-dosvid-rozsliduvannya-voyennyh-zlochyniv-stosovno-ditej/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a telephone conversation with NATO Secretary General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/volodymyr-zelenskyj-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-generalnym-sekretarem-nato/
Switzerland increases the support of recovery of Ukrainian schools
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/shvejczariya-zbilshuye-pidtrymku-vidnovlennya-ukrayinskyh-shkil/
The Ministry of Health reminded the actions in the event of a radiation accident
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/u-moz-nagadaly-pro-diyi-u-razi-radiaczijnoyi-avariyi/
Germany and Denmark will pass the Leopard tanks to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/nimechchyna-i-daniya-peredadut-ukrayini-tanky-leopard/
At a summit in Vilnius NATO will make changes to the Alliance Planning System
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/na-samiti-u-vilnyusi-nato-vnese-zminy-u-systemu-planuvannya-alyansu/
“Our results: we move on, the enemy is no” - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/nashi-rezultaty-my-prosuvayemos-vorog-ni-ganna-malyar/
The world sees that the only source of danger to the Zaporizhzhya NPP is Russia itself - the President of Ukraine's appeal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/svit-bachyt-shho-yedynym-dzherelom-nebezpeky-dlya-zaporizkoyi-aes-ye-same-rosiya-zvernennya-prezydenta-ukrayiny/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy: there is no space for maneuvers in the battlefield
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/volodymyr-zelenskyj-u-rosiyi-nemaye-prostoru-dlya-manevriv-na-poli-boyu/
More than 500 UAVs will be transferred to the Armed Forces - Mikhail Fedorov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ponad-500-bpla-peredadut-dlya-zsu-myhajlo-fedorov/
The situation in the area of responsibility OK "South" remains difficult and tense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/obstanovka-v-zoni-vidpovidalnosti-ok-pivden-zalyshayetsya-skladnoyu-ta-napruzhenoyu/
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Reed, Berdish, Steppe, Avdiivka, thin ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5276
Explosion in Kyiv Court: The offender was killed on the spot
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3731961-vibuh-u-sudi-kieva-pravoporusnik-zaginuv-na-misci.html
An explosion in the Shevchenko Court was injured in two law enforcement officers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3731954-vnaslidok-vibuhu-u-sevcenkivskomu-sudi-postrazdali-dvoe-pravoohoronciv.html
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Acute, Marinka And P ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5277
Klimenko arrived in the Shevchenkivsky District Court of Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3731953-do-sevcenkivskogo-rajsudu-kieva-pribuv-klimenko.html
In Sumy region, the UOC -MP Temple will be judged by the State Education Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731932-na-sumsini-za-derzzradu-suditimut-nastoatela-hramu-upc-mp.html
Explosion in Shevchenkivsky Court: In the radius of a kilometer, the roads were blocked
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3731935-vibuh-u-sevcenkivskomu-sudi-u-radiusi-kilometra-perekrili-dorogi.html
At Shakhtarsk direction Russian army shelled Novomykhailivka, Vuhledar, Novoukrainka, Prech...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5278
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Levadne, Olhivske, Malynivka, Hul...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5279
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5280
Russians instead of energy now attack other goals - General Staff
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731830-rosiani-zamist-energetiki-teper-atakuut-insi-cili-genstab.html
The gambling business has paid almost ₴ 3 billion taxes - MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731997-gralnij-biznes-vid-pocatku-roku-splativ-majze-3-milardi-podatkiv-deputat.html
Poland's Export-Credit Agency may join in military risk insurance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731998-eksportnokreditne-agentstvo-polsi-moze-dolucitis-do-strahuvanna-voennih-rizikiv.html
OSCE proposes to replace the peacekeeping mission in an unrecognized Transnistria with an international civilian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731995-obse-proponue-zaminiti-mirotvorcu-misiu-v-neviznanomu-pridnistrovi-na-miznarodnu-civilnu.html
The shelling of the Belozersk community in Kherson region: the number of wounded increased to five
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731996-obstril-bilozerskoi-gromadi-na-hersonsini-kilkist-poranenih-zrosla-do-5.html
The Armed Forces are moving in conditions of enemy preference in weapons - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731994-zsu-prosuvautsa-v-umovah-perevagi-voroga-u-ozbroenni-malar.html
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Odradne, Novomlynsk, Dvorichna, Zapadne, Kupyansk,...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5273
Citizens and business this year purchased military bonds for ₴ 59.2 billion - NBU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731959-gromadani-ta-biznes-cogoric-pridbali-vijskovih-obligacij-na-592-milarda-nbu.html
Movement by Degtyarivska Street near the Shevchenkivsky District Court resumed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3731991-ruh-vuliceu-degtarivskou-poblizu-sevcenkivskogo-rajsudu-vidnovili.html
Russia's crimes against Ukrainian children are not spontaneous or accidental - States in the UN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731987-zlocini-rosii-proti-ukrainskih-ditej-ne-e-spontannimi-ci-vipadkovimi-stati-v-oon.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Verkhnokamy...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5274
1 person wounded as result of shelling in Kozacha Lopan overnight
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/26512
The Russian army attacked the village of Novoukrainka in the Bohodukhiv district with a dron...
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/26513
Russian aviation dropping guided bombs at Zmiivka village of Kherson region for the 2nd day i...
https://twitter.com/hochu_dodomu/status/1676490977094127616
Death toll of Kakhovka Dam collapse in occupied parts of Kherson region increased to 50
https://t.me/rusbrief/133362
Kaliber missile launches reported from the Black Sea
https://t.me/war_monitor/8537
FSB detained a man in Koreiz, accused him in saboteur activity on behalf of Ukraine
https://t.me/bazabazon/19213
FSB detained a man at Sakhalin, accused him in saboteur activity on behalf of Ukraine
https://t.me/sputnikossetia/32783
Russian bloggers reporting withdrawal from Klishchiivka
https://t.me/Sladkov_plus/8089
The Armed Forces of Ukraine have success during offensive in Klishchiivka area in the Bakhmut...
https://t.me/lachentyt/31393
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanshchyna directions Russian army shelled Hirsch, Karpovych, Mykhal...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5272
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Markovo, Bogdanivka, Chrome, Ivanovo ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5275
Explosions reported near Yasynuvata
https://t.me/novosti_donbass24/50477
President Zelensky held military command meeting to discuss military situation and situation ...
https://t.me/ukrinform_news/103946
Explosions were reported in Tokmak
https://t.me/war_monitor/8544
The Russian War touched all 7.5 million Ukrainian children - Kyslitsa in the UN Security Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731983-rosijska-vijna-torknulasa-vsih-75-miljona-ukrainskih-ditej-kislica-v-radbezi-oon.html
The debts of the Minnapad and other security forces were classified at the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/na-rf-zasekretyly-borgy-minnapadu-ta-inshyh-sylovykiv/
IAEA: IAEA experts at Ukraine's Zaporizhzhya nuclear power plant have inspected parts of the ...
https://twitter.com/iaeaorg/status/1676592251231772675
Zelensky called Latin America and Argentina to support the formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732015-zelenskij-zaklikav-latinsku-ameriku-i-argentinu-pidtrimati-formulu-miru.html
3 person were wounded as result of shelling in Ivanivka, Sadove and Antonivka of Zaporizhzhia...
https://t.me/suspilnekherson/28733
Shooting reported at Schevchenkovsky district court in Kyiv
https://t.me/Novoeizdanie/55871
Police confirm explosion inside building of Schevchenkovsky district court in Kyiv
https://t.me/liganet/28931
Wednesday will be able to take part in the World Water Sports Championship - head coach of jumpers in water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732018-sereda-zmoze-vzati-ucast-u-cempionati-svitu-z-vodnih-vidiv-sportu-golovnij-trener-stribuniv-u-vodu.html
Prison terms received two captured fighters who helped the Russian Federation to capture Debaltseve and Popasna - the SBU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/tyuremni-stroky-otrymaly-dvoye-polonenyh-bojovykiv-yaki-dopomogly-rf-zahopyty-debalczeve-i-popasnu-sbu/
Yermak had a telephone conversation with the Secretary of State of the Holy See
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732019-ermak-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-derzsekretarem-svatogo-prestolu.html
SCOs showed how successfully destroy the artillery of the racists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/sso-pokazaly-yak-vdalo-nyshhat-artyleriyu-rashystiv/
The National Guard started an investigation into an explosion in the Shevchenkivsky District Court
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3732020-u-nacgvardii-rozpocali-sluzbove-rozsliduvanna-za-faktom-vibuhu-v-sevcenkivskomu-rajsudi.html
Zelensky: Justice is the victory of Ukraine in the war and the sentences of killers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732021-zelenskij-spravedlivist-ce-peremoga-ukraini-u-vijni-i-viroki-vbivcam.html
Explosions were reported in Makiivka
https://t.me/war_monitor/8550
In the Netherlands, a person was killed through a storm, two more injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731836-u-niderlandah-unaslidok-stormu-zaginula-ludina-se-dvoe-tazko-travmovani.html
An exhibition of French street artist Christian Gemi, known as C215, will be held in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3731837-u-kievi-vidbudetsa-vistavka-francuzkogo-vulicnogo-hudoznika-kristiana-gemi-vidomogo-ak-c215.html
Ukraine needs F -16 to effectively fight the Fleet of the Russian Federation in the Black Sea - Gromov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731796-ukraini-potribni-f16-dla-efektivnoi-borotbi-z-flotom-rf-u-cornomu-mori-gromov.html
The Pope was handed over the Buchan coin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731838-papa-rimskij-peredali-bucansku-monetu.html
Energy in Kiev was transferred to increased readiness - because of probable bad weather
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3731840-energetikiv-u-kievi-pereveli-u-pidvisenu-gotovnist-cerez-jmovirnu-negodu.html
PCCs are almost ready to switch to the New Laple calendar - Epiphany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731843-pcu-prakticno-gotova-do-perehodu-na-novoulianskij-kalendar-epifanij.html
This year residents of Kiev received ₴ 73 million financial assistance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3731844-cogoric-ziteli-kieva-otrimali-73-miljoni-materialnoi-dopomogi.html
"There is no one left in the village, there are no people" - the rashist complains of mobilization
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/v-seli-vzhe-nikogo-ne-zalyshylosya-nemaye-lyudej-perehoplennya-gur/
Air defense was active in Dnipro city
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/55818
In Germany, Ukrainians made a pilgrimage to Blessed Oedigna, the grandchildren of Yaroslav the Wise
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3731787-u-nimeccini-ukrainci-zdijsnili-palomnictvo-do-blazennoi-edigni-onucki-aroslava-mudrogo.html
The occupiers are going to rob "Chersonese Tavriysky"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3731845-okupanti-zbirautsa-pograbuvati-hersones-tavrijskij.html
The number of judges in the new Kyiv District Court is planned to be determined at a GRP meeting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731847-kilkist-suddiv-u-novomu-kiivskomu-okruznomu-sudi-planuut-viznaciti-na-zasidanni-vrp.html
UZA increased the forecast of this year's oil and cereals to 69 million tons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731850-uza-zbilsila-prognoz-cogoricnogo-vrozau-olijnih-ta-zernovih-do-69-miljoniv-tonn.html
The "yellow tape" movement stated that the "elections" of the invaders in Luhansk region were preparing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731851-ruh-zovta-stricka-zaaviv-so-gotuetsa-zrivati-vibori-zagarbnikiv-na-lugansini.html
In Britain, the Armed Forces recruits are mastering fire training skills
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731852-u-britanii-novobranci-zsu-opanovuut-navicki-z-vognevoi-pidgotovki.html
The Bulgaria Government will reform special services - will expose Russian agents
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731853-urad-bolgarii-provede-reformu-specsluzb-vikrivatimut-rosijskih-agentiv.html
The Northern Appeal Court of Appeal of Kyiv rejected the appeal of the UOC MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3732022-pivnicnij-apelacijnij-gospodarskij-sud-kieva-vidhiliv-apelacijnu-skargu-upc-mp.html
Russian hackers paralyzed the work of the port in Japan - require ransom
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731856-rosijski-hakeri-paralizuvali-robotu-portu-v-aponii-vimagaut-vikup.html
Exensor Lutsenko leaves the army because of his disability
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731857-eksgenprokuror-lucenko-jde-z-armii-cerez-invalidnist.html
Russians fired Vovchansk - a wounded man
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731859-rosiani-obstrilali-vovcansk-poranenij-colovik.html
The Minister of Health of the Russian Federation came to Hungary
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731861-do-ugorsini-priihav-iz-vizitom-ministr-ohoroni-zdorova-rf.html
DBR last year opened 12 criminal cases against judges for the State Deferee
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731869-dbr-torik-porusilo-12-kriminalnih-sprav-proti-suddiv-za-derzzradu.html
In Vinnitsa exposed an attacker who made money on wounded defenders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731870-u-vinnici-vikrili-zlovmisnika-akij-nazivavsa-na-poranenih-zahisnikah.html
Russia forms new military units and units as a strategic reserve - General Staff
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731807-rosia-formue-novi-vijskovi-castini-ta-pidrozdili-ak-strategicnij-rezerv-genstab.html
Britain in the OSCE accused Russia of hypocrisy about crimes in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731872-britania-v-obse-zvinuvatila-rosiu-u-licemirstvi-sodo-zlociniv-v-ukraini.html
Sholtz called the Ukrainian counter -offensive clear and well -organized
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731873-solc-nazvav-ukrainskij-kontrnastup-citkim-ta-dobre-organizovanim.html
On the roads of Odessa through heat in the daytime will prohibit the movement of trucks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731874-na-dorogah-odesini-cerez-speku-v-dennij-cas-zaboronat-ruh-vantazivok.html
In the port of Berdyansk an explosion came
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731876-u-portu-berdanska-prolunav-vibuh.html
Germany handed rescuers ten metal detectors to mine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731879-nimeccina-peredala-ratuvalnikam-desat-metalodetektoriv-dla-rozminuvanna.html
In Beijing commented on the cancellation of Borrel's visit: we wait at a convenient time for both sides
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731880-u-pekini-prokomentuvali-skasuvanna-vizitu-borrela-cekaemo-u-zrucnij-dla-oboh-storin-cas.html
About the citizenship of GRP judges receive information from the SBU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731878-pro-gromadanstvo-suddiv-vrp-otrimue-informaciu-vid-sbu.html
"Wagnerivtsi" in Belarus can resort to provocations in the border - Gromov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731785-vagnerivci-u-bilorusi-mozut-vdavatisa-do-provokacij-u-prikordonni-gromov.html
"PSG" released Christophe Galtaier
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731883-psz-zvilniv-kristofa-galte.html
Defense forces for a day neutralized in the Tavriya direction nearly 250 Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731884-sili-oboroni-za-dobu-zneskodili-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-majze-250-rosian.html
Russian athletes were declared at the Panarabian Games as Syrian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731887-rosijskih-sportsmenok-zaavili-na-panarabskih-igrah-ak-sirijskih.html
Berlin has not yet agreed to transfer Taurus missiles to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731888-berlin-poki-ne-dijsov-zgodi-sodo-peredaci-ukraini-raket-taurus.html
Defense forces on the northern approaches to Bakhmut reflected a number of territories - Syrsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731889-sili-oboroni-na-pivnicnih-pidstupah-do-bahmuta-vidbili-nizku-teritorij-sirskij.html
There will be no fuel deficit in Ukraine - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731890-v-ukraini-ne-bude-deficitu-palnogo-smigal.html
Svitolina Ukrainian Match on Wimbledon was moved through the rain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731891-matc-ukrainki-svitolinoi-na-vimbldoni-perenesli-cerez-dos.html
Georgia's ambassador confirmed that he would leave Ukraine because of the Saakashvili situation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732024-posol-gruzii-pidtverdiv-so-viide-z-ukraini-cerez-situaciu-iz-saakasvili.html
Zelensky discussed with President Guinea-Bisau Destructive actions of Wagner PEC in Africa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731895-zelenskij-obgovoriv-iz-prezidentom-gvineibisau-destruktivni-dii-pvk-vagner-v-africi.html
In Scotland, the royal valuables of Charles III are handed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731896-u-sotlandii-vrucaut-korolivski-kostovnosti-carlzu-iii.html
IT Army of Ukraine blocked the work of online services of the Russian railway
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3731900-it-army-of-ukraine-zablokuvala-robotu-onlajnservisiv-rosijskoi-zaliznici.html
WAKS allowed to continue by October 16 pre -trial investigation in Knyazev's case
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731901-vaks-dozvoliv-prodovziti-do-16-zovtna-dosudove-rozsliduvanna-u-spravi-knazeva.html
Ukrenergo calls from 16:00 to 23:00 not to use air conditioning
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731902-ukrenergo-zaklikae-z-1600-do-2300-ne-koristuvatisa-kondicionerom.html
General Staff: Russians are most actively transferring equipment and soldiers to Zaporozhye and Donetsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731744-rosiani-najaktivnise-perekidaut-tehniku-i-soldativ-na-zaporizza-ta-doneccinu-genstab.html
A free evacuation train will run from Donetsk region to Zhytomyr region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/iz-donechchyny-na-zhytomyrshhynu-kursuvatyme-bezkoshtovnyj-evakuaczijnyj-poyizd/
Post -press of Ukraine at the Council of Europe presented thanks to the staff of the Ukrainian school in Strasbourg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3731906-postpred-ukraini-pri-radi-evropi-vruciv-podaki-kolektivu-ukrainskoi-skoli-u-strasburzi.html
The Congo opened honorary consulates in Transcarpathia, Lviv and Rivne region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731907-kongo-vidkrilo-pocesni-konsulstva-na-zakarpatti-lvivsini-ta-rivnensini.html
Kyivka, which spread the work of air defense on social networks, received a conventional term
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3731909-kianka-aka-posiruvala-robotu-ppo-u-socmerezah-otrimala-umovnij-termin.html
Schmigal believes that you do not need to raise tariffs for heat and water before the end of the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731913-smigal-vvazae-so-ne-treba-pidvisuvati-tarifi-na-teplo-ta-vodu-do-zaversenna-vijni.html
In Kiev, an explosion came in a court premises
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3731914-u-kievi-v-primisenni-sudu-prolunav-vibuh.html
In Kherson region, three people were injured in Russian shelling day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731915-na-hersonsini-za-den-vid-rosijskih-obstriliv-postrazdali-troe-ludej.html
How to overcome corruption in courts: GRP believes that it needs a disciplinary function
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731918-nemozlivist-vrp-zdijsnuvati-disciplinarnu-funkciu-e-odnieu-z-pricin-korupcii-usik.html
The Ukrainian team of Igor Neskoreny conducted an open workout
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731899-ukrainska-zbirna-igor-neskorenih-provela-vidkrite-trenuvanna.html
Taxes will no longer increase by the end of the war - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731919-podatki-do-kinca-vijni-ne-pidvisuvatimut-smigal.html
Russia was unable to sell its helicopters to the African country - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731920-rosia-ne-zmogla-prodati-svoi-vertoloti-afrikanskij-kraini-zmi.html
Ukrainian Kostyuk overcame sakari in the first round of Wimbledon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731923-ukrainka-kostuk-zdolala-sakkari-v-persomu-koli-vimbldonu.html
Zelensky has imposed sanctions against 18 legal entities registered in Cyprus, in the Russian Federation and Luxembourg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731929-zelenskij-vviv-sankcii-proti-18-uridicnih-osib-zareestrovanih-na-kipri-u-rf-ta-luksemburzi.html
In the Podmell of the Medzibiz Castle, a clip performed by an eight -year school was made
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3731927-u-pidzemelli-medzibizkogo-zamku-znali-klip-u-vikonanni-vosmiricnoi-skolarki.html
Ukraine gave way to Spain in the semifinals of the youth CHE-2023 football
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732023-ukraina-postupilasa-ispanii-u-pivfinali-molodiznogo-ce2023-z-futbolu.html
Shot by the Russians "fast" from Kharkiv region exposed to the Reichstag
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731928-rozstrilanu-rosianami-ukrainsku-svidku-vistavili-pered-rejhstagom.html
Due to Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, Ukraine lost more than 10 cubic kilometers of water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731931-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-ukraina-vtratila-ponad-10-kubicnih-kilometriv-vodi.html
Explosion in Shevchenkivsky Court: In the radius of a kilometer, the roads were blocked
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3731935-vibuh-u-sevcenkivskomu-sudi-u-radiusi-kilometra-perekrili-dorogi.html
In Sumy region, the UOC -MP Temple will be judged by the State Education Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731932-na-sumsini-za-derzzradu-suditimut-nastoatela-hramu-upc-mp.html
The text of the NATO summit document in Vilnius becomes "stronger" in Ukraine - Nauseda
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731937-tekst-dokumentu-samitu-nato-u-vilnusi-stae-silnisim-u-pitanni-ukraini-nauseda.html
The probability of increasing military presence in Transnistria is low - General Staff
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731777-jmovirnist-zbilsenna-vijskovoi-prisutnosti-u-pridnistrovi-e-nizkou-genstab.html
Victims and victims as a result of an explosion in the Shevchenkivsky District Court of Kyiv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3731936-zagiblih-i-postrazdalih-vnaslidok-vibuhu-v-sevcenkivskomu-rajsudi-kieva-nemae.html
We work with partners for a common security in Vilnius won - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731939-pracuemo-z-partnerami-sob-spilna-bezpeka-u-vilnusi-peremogla-zelenskij.html
On four "hot" directions per day 30 combat clashes took place
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731938-na-cotiroh-garacih-napramkah-za-dobu-vidbulisa-30-bojovih-zitknen.html
Naev: Police and counterintelligence at the border with Belarus - in the mode of increased combat duty
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731949-naev-policia-ta-kontrrozvidka-na-kordoni-z-bilorussu-u-rezimi-posilenogo-bojovogo-cerguvanna.html
On the territory of the Shevchenkivsky Court probably a re -explosion was
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3731946-na-teritorii-sevcenkivskogo-sudu-jmovirno-prolunav-povtornij-vibuh.html
Amelin's age was buried in Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731942-u-lvovi-pohovali-pismennicu-viku-amelinu.html
US prevented Iran to capture two Tankers in Persian Gulf
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731944-ssa-zavadili-iranu-zahopiti-dva-tankeri-u-perskij-zatoci.html
The Ukrainian comedy "neighbor" will come out on Netflix
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3731947-ukrainska-komedia-susidka-vijde-na-netflix.html
This year, thanks to the government officials, more than ₴ 293 billion - the National Bank has been brought to the budget
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731950-cogoric-zavdaki-ovdp-do-budzetu-zalucili-ponad-293-milardi-nacbank.html
Ukrainian basketball players beat the Estonia team in Euro-2023 qualification (U18)
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731951-ukrainski-basketbolistki-obigrali-komandu-estonii-u-kvalifikacii-evro2023-u18.html
NATO is interested in Ukraine's accession, and immediately after the war it will happen - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731955-nato-zacikavlene-u-vstupi-ukraini-i-vidrazu-pisla-vijni-ce-vidbudetsa-ekspert.html
FSB informant was sentenced to 10 years for "drain" of Bakhmut's defenders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731894-informatorku-fsb-zasudili-do-10-rokiv-za-zliv-danih-pro-oboronciv-bahmuta.html
Therapeutic book "The Secret Stories of Little and Great Victory" publish Braille font
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3731958-terapevticnu-knizku-taemni-istorii-malenkih-i-velikih-peremog-nadrukuut-sriftom-brajla.html
The White House called Hungary and Turkey as soon as possible to approve Sweden's membership in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732025-bilij-dim-zaklikav-ugorsinu-j-tureccinu-akomoga-skorise-shvaliti-clenstvo-svecii-v-nato.html
In Belarus the son of oppositionist Babarko received a prison term
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731962-sin-opozicionera-babariko-otrimav-turemnij-termin.html
Syrsky showed how Ukrainian fighters destroy the Russians from the SAU in the Bakhmut direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732001-sirskij-pokazav-ak-ukrainski-bijci-nisat-rosian-iz-sau-na-bahmutskomu-napramku.html
Enemy saboteurs intensified in the north direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/na-pivnichnomu-napryamku-aktyvizuvalys-vorozhi-dyversanty/
Shmigal explained why return the pre -war fuel tax
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731957-smigal-poasniv-naviso-povertati-dovoennij-podatok-na-palne.html
Russia scares the event by the prospect of its disintegration - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731966-rosia-lakae-zahid-perspektivou-svogo-rozpadu-ekspert.html
The army of the Russian Federation fired the community in Dnipropetrovsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731969-armia-rf-obstrilala-gromadu-na-nikopolsini.html
Ukraine is in contact with partners as possible about the situation for the ZPP - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731970-ukraina-maksimalno-kontaktue-z-partnerami-sodo-situacii-na-zaporizkij-aes-zelenskij.html
Zelensky - about the unwillingness of shelters: the state will not tolerate it
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731974-zelenskij-pro-negotovnist-ukrittiv-derzava-cogo-ne-terpitime.html
The investigation will find out how the explosive got to the Shevchenkivsky District Court - Klimenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3731976-slidstvo-zasovuvatime-ak-vibuhivka-potrapila-u-sevcenkivskij-rajsud-klimenko.html
Ukraine at the UN: The Russian army stands on one row of IDIL, Al-Shabab and Taliban
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731979-ukraina-v-oon-rosijska-armia-stoit-v-odnomu-radu-z-idil-alsabab-i-talibanom.html
There were no hostages: Klimenko told details about the assault of the court and the death of the suspect
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3731988-zarucnikiv-ne-bulo-klimenko-rozpoviv-detali-pro-sturm-sudu-i-zagibel-pidozruvanogo.html
The invaders released about 30 shells in the village in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732003-zagarbniki-vipustili-blizko-30-snaradiv-po-selu-na-hersonsini.html
England beat the players of Israel and reached the final
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731984-anglia-obigrala-futbolistiv-izrailu-i-vijsla-u-final-molodiznogo-ce2023.html
Russia's crimes against Ukrainian children are not spontaneous or accidental - States in the UN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731987-zlocini-rosii-proti-ukrainskih-ditej-ne-e-spontannimi-ci-vipadkovimi-stati-v-oon.html
Movement by Degtyarivska Street near the Shevchenkivsky District Court resumed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3731991-ruh-vuliceu-degtarivskou-poblizu-sevcenkivskogo-rajsudu-vidnovili.html
Citizens and business this year purchased military bonds for ₴ 59.2 billion - NBU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731959-gromadani-ta-biznes-cogoric-pridbali-vijskovih-obligacij-na-592-milarda-nbu.html
The Armed Forces are moving in conditions of enemy preference in weapons - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731994-zsu-prosuvautsa-v-umovah-perevagi-voroga-u-ozbroenni-malar.html
The shelling of the Belozersk community in Kherson region: the number of wounded increased to five
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731996-obstril-bilozerskoi-gromadi-na-hersonsini-kilkist-poranenih-zrosla-do-5.html
OSCE proposes to replace the peacekeeping mission in an unrecognized Transnistria with an international civilian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731995-obse-proponue-zaminiti-mirotvorcu-misiu-v-neviznanomu-pridnistrovi-na-miznarodnu-civilnu.html
Poland's Export-Credit Agency may join in military risk insurance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731998-eksportnokreditne-agentstvo-polsi-moze-dolucitis-do-strahuvanna-voennih-rizikiv.html
The gambling business has paid almost ₴ 3 billion taxes - MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731997-gralnij-biznes-vid-pocatku-roku-splativ-majze-3-milardi-podatkiv-deputat.html
The Russian War touched all 7.5 million Ukrainian children - Kyslitsa in the UN Security Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731983-rosijska-vijna-torknulasa-vsih-75-miljona-ukrainskih-ditej-kislica-v-radbezi-oon.html
Syrsky showed how Ukrainian fighters destroy the Russians from the SAU in the Bakhmut direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732001-sirskij-pokazav-ak-ukrainski-bijci-nisat-rosian-iz-sau-na-bahmutskomu-napramku.html
Nikopol eliminated an accident at an object related to water spill
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732002-u-nikopoli-likviduvali-avariu-na-obekti-povazanomu-z-punktami-rozlivu-vodi.html
Dynamo defeated the Romanian classmates at a meeting in Austria
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732005-dinamo-rozgromilo-rumunskih-odnoklubnikiv-na-zborah-v-avstrii.html
There were 40 combat clashes in Donetsk region in Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/za-dobu-na-donechchyni-vidbulosya-40-bojovyh-zitknen-z-okupantamy/
In some directions of the East, the enemy began to leave positions - the Defense Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732006-na-deakih-napramkah-shodu-vorog-pocav-zalisati-pozicii-minoboroni.html
Detectives conducts searches from the People's Deputy and her assistant - NABU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732008-na-ternopilsini-vikrili-pomicnika-deputata-na-habari-za-vnesenna-danih-u-sistemu-slah.html
The President commented on the possibility of reconciliation of Ukrainians and Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732016-prezident-prokomentuvav-mozlivist-primirenna-ukrainciv-ta-rosian.html
In Ukraine, only about 11.7 million people are economically active
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732011-v-ukraini-ekonomicno-aktivnimi-e-lise-blizko-117-miljona-ludej.html
Zelensky called Latin America and Argentina to support the formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732015-zelenskij-zaklikav-latinsku-ameriku-i-argentinu-pidtrimati-formulu-miru.html
Wednesday will be able to take part in the World Water Sports Championship - head coach of jumpers in water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732018-sereda-zmoze-vzati-ucast-u-cempionati-svitu-z-vodnih-vidiv-sportu-golovnij-trener-stribuniv-u-vodu.html
Yermak had a telephone conversation with the Secretary of State of the Holy See
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732019-ermak-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-derzsekretarem-svatogo-prestolu.html
The National Guard started an investigation into an explosion in the Shevchenkivsky District Court
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3732020-u-nacgvardii-rozpocali-sluzbove-rozsliduvanna-za-faktom-vibuhu-v-sevcenkivskomu-rajsudi.html
Zelensky: Justice is the victory of Ukraine in the war and the sentences of killers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732021-zelenskij-spravedlivist-ce-peremoga-ukraini-u-vijni-i-viroki-vbivcam.html
The Northern Appeal Court of Appeal of Kyiv rejected the appeal of the UOC MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3732022-pivnicnij-apelacijnij-gospodarskij-sud-kieva-vidhiliv-apelacijnu-skargu-upc-mp.html
Georgia's ambassador confirmed that he would leave Ukraine because of the Saakashvili situation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732024-posol-gruzii-pidtverdiv-so-viide-z-ukraini-cerez-situaciu-iz-saakasvili.html
Ukraine gave way to Spain in the semifinals of the youth CHE-2023 football
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732023-ukraina-postupilasa-ispanii-u-pivfinali-molodiznogo-ce2023-z-futbolu.html
The White House called Hungary and Turkey as soon as possible to approve Sweden's membership in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732025-bilij-dim-zaklikav-ugorsinu-j-tureccinu-akomoga-skorise-shvaliti-clenstvo-svecii-v-nato.html
Aircraft Defense Air For Last day has struck 13 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-mynulu-dobu-zavdala-13-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
Enemy loss per day: nearly 700 invaders were eliminated, 36 artisystems and 9 RSZV were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-majzhe-700-okupantiv-znyshheno-36-artsystem-i-9-rszv/
East Military PEC was destroyed by Russian drones over Zaporizhzhya, Dnipropetrovsk and Kharkiv regions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/vijskovi-pvk-shid-znyshhyly-rosijski-bezpilotnyky-nad-zaporizkoyu-dnipropetrovskoyu-ta-harkivskoyu-oblastyamy/
The invaders released about 30 shells in the village in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732003-zagarbniki-vipustili-blizko-30-snaradiv-po-selu-na-hersonsini.html
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-2/
Wagner PVC - terrorists and the Russian Federation - sponsor of terrorism: the Parliamentary Assembly of the OSCE approved the corresponding declaration
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/pvk-vagner-terorysty-a-rf-sponsor-teroryzmu-parlamentska-asambleya-obsye-uhvalyla-vidpovidnu-deklaracziyu/
Ukrainian experience in the field of regulation of state-martial law in the conditions of martial law was discussed in NATO headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/ukrayinskyj-dosvid-u-sferi-regulyuvannya-diyalnosti-derzhaviacziyi-v-umovah-voyennogo-stanu-obgovoryly-u-shtab-kvartyri-nato/
In Bulgaria, a declaration was adopted to support Ukraine's membership in NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/u-bolgariyi-uhvalyly-deklaracziyu-na-pidtrymku-chlenstva-ukrayiny-v-nato/
The coordination was discussed by the issues of illegally detained civilians in the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/u-koorshdtabi-obgovoryly-pytannya-povodzhennya-z-nezakonno-utrymuvanymy-czyvilnymy-na-terytoriyi-rf/
Nikopol eliminated an accident at an object related to water spill
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732002-u-nikopoli-likviduvali-avariu-na-obekti-povazanomu-z-punktami-rozlivu-vodi.html
The judge from Cherkasy region justified the aggression of the Russian Federation: she is threatened with 8 years of imprisonment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/vypravdovuvala-agresiyu-rf-v-ukrayini-povidomleno-pro-pidozru-suddi-na-cherkashhyni/
The Netherlands provided Ukraine with another package of assistance for 118 million euros
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/niderlandy-nadaly-ukrayini-chergovyj-paket-dopomogy-na-118-mln-yevro/
At NATO Summit, the Baltic States will be unanimous: Ukraine needs a clear way to membership in the Alliance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/na-samiti-nato-krayiny-baltiyi-budut-odnostajnymy-ukrayini-potriben-chitkyj-shlyah-shhodo-chlenstva-v-alyansi/
The intimidation of terrorist actions on the NPPU is trying to achieve its military goals - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/zalyakuvannyam-terorystychnymy-diyamy-na-zaes-rosiya-namagayetsya-dosyagty-svoyih-voyennyh-czilej-ganna-malyar/
The Russians have attacked 147 settlements in nine ’
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/rosiyany-protyagom-doby-atakuvaly-147-naselenyh-punktiv-u-devyatoh-oblastyah-ukrayiny/
Dynamo defeated the Romanian classmates at a meeting in Austria
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732005-dinamo-rozgromilo-rumunskih-odnoklubnikiv-na-zborah-v-avstrii.html
Italy froze Russian oligarchs for $ 2.5 billion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/italiya-zamorozyla-aktyvy-rosijskyh-oligarhiv-na-25-milyarda/
The number of Russian rocket carriers in the Black Sea has increased to four
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/kilkist-rosijskyh-raketonosiyiv-u-chornomu-mori-zrosla-do-chotyroh/
On the Russian Federation of Bankruts manufacturer of "Grads" and "Tornado"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/na-rf-zbankrutiv-vyrobnyk-gradiv-ta-tornado/
Only in the coal direction for a month "land" sixteen enemy "birds"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/tilky-na-vugledarskomu-napryamku-za-misyacz-pryzemlyly-shistnadczyat-vorozhyh-ptashok/
More than 43 billion euros spent European countries on shelter for Ukrainians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/ponad-43-mlrd-yevro-vytratyly-yevropejski-krayiny-na-pryhystok-dlya-ukrayincziv/
Volodymyr Zelensky was betting the Supreme Commander -in -Chief
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/volodymyr-zelenskyj-proviv-stavku-verhovnogo-golovnokomanduvacha/
The injured from Kakhovsky Hydroe Position regions will provide water
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/postrazhdali-vid-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-regiony-zabezpechat-vodoyu/
Over the past 24 hours, the Navy of the Armed Forces of Ukraine destroyed 7 invaders, 1 artsystem, 2 mortars and 2 repositories with ammunition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/za-mynulu-dobu-pidrozdilamy-vms-zs-ukrayiny-znyshheno-7-okupantiv-1-artsystemu-2-minomety-ta-2-shovyshha-z-boyeprypasamy/
The likelihood of hostile rocket strokes in Ukraine remains high - the General Staff
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/jmovirnist-vorozhyh-raketnyh-udariv-po-ukrayini-zalyshayetsya-vysokoyu-generalnyj-shtab-zs-ukrayiny/
Could disrupt the supply of military equipment to the Armed Forces to the front: a corruption scheme was exposed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/mogly-zirvaty-postavky-vijskovoyi-tehniky-zsu-na-front-vykryto-korupczijnu-shemu/
Defense forces continue an offensive operation in Melitopol and Berdyansk directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/syly-oborony-prodovzhuyut-vedennya-nastupalnoyi-operacziyi-na-melitopolskomu-ta-berdyanskomu-napryamkah/
Anna Malyar: The "March of Justice" of mercenaries Prigogine changed the attitude of the Russians to the leadership of their state
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/ganna-malyar-marsh-spravedlyvosti-najmancziv-prygozhyna-zminyv-stavlennya-rosiyan-do-kerivnycztva-yihnoyi-derzhavy/
Alexei Reznikov congratulated the continuation of NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/oleksij-reznikov-pryvitav-prodovzhennya-mandatu-genseka-nato-yensa-stoltenberga/
Ukraine deepens cooperation with the EU and the US on the use of artificial intelligence technologies in the field of cybersecurity
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/ukrayina-poglyblyuye-spivpraczyu-z-yes-ta-ssha-shhodo-vykorystannya-tehnologij-shtuchnogo-intelektu-u-sferi-kiberbezpeky/
Joe Biden discussed with Olaf Scholz preparation for the Alliance summit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/dzho-bajden-obgovoryv-z-olafom-sholczom-pidgotovku-do-samitu-alyansu/
Premiere of Poland and Italy: We have similar views on giving Ukraine the strongest guarantees of NATO summit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/premyery-polshhi-ta-italiyi-u-nas-shozhi-poglyady-shhodo-nadannya-ukrayini-najsylnishyh-garantij-bezpeky-na-samiti-nato/
Housing for War Veterans: The Government has improved the mechanism of available mortgage lending
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/zhytlo-dlya-veteraniv-vijny-uryad-udoskonalyv-mehanizm-dostupnogo-ipotechnogo-kredytuvannya/
Ukraine has filed a lawsuit against the UN International Court of Justice for Iran's Swimming
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/ukrayina-podala-pozov-do-mizhnarodnogo-sudu-oon-proty-iranu-za-zbyttya-litaka-mau/
Lithuania has prepared a three -year support plan for the Ukrainian army: what are the goals
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/lytva-pidgotuvala-tryrichnyj-plan-pidtrymky-ukrayinskoyi-armiyi-yaki-czili/
In some directions of the East, the enemy began to leave positions - the Defense Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732006-na-deakih-napramkah-shodu-vorog-pocav-zalisati-pozicii-minoboroni.html
The occupiers will not be able to break Ukraine and knock us down the path that leads to freedom - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/okupantam-ne-vdastsya-zlamaty-ukrayinu-ta-zbyty-nas-zi-shlyahu-yakyj-vede-do-svobody-prezydent-ukrayiny/
At Rivne NPP, IAEA experts conducted an inspection for the absence of unrelated nuclear material
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/na-rivnenskij-aes-eksperty-magate-provely-inspekcziyu-na-vidsutnist-nezayavlenogo-yadernogo-materialu/
The heads of defense agencies of Poland and Britain are found in London. The key topic is helping Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/u-londoni-zustrichayutsya-glavy-oboronnyh-vidomstv-polshhi-ta-brytaniyi-klyuchova-tema-dopomoga-ukrayini/
Director of the Mager Military Forestry SE is detained: the Ministry of Defense promotes pre -trial investigation and emphasizes the inadmissibility of abuse
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/zatrymano-tvo-dyrektora-dp-magerivskyj-vijskovyj-lisgosp-minoborony-spryyaye-dosudovomu-rozsliduvannyu-ta-nagoloshuye-na-nepryjnyatnosti-zlovzhyvan/
The victims from the blasting of Kakhovskaya Hydroe Dams began to receive financial assistance from the state
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/postrazhdali-vid-pidryvu-damby-kahovskoyi-ges-pochaly-otrymuvaty-groshovu-dopomogu-vid-derzhavy/
The anniversary of the Ukrainian Main Liberation Council was celebrated in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/u-kyyevi-vidznachyly-richnyczyu-ukrayinskoyi-golovnoyi-vyzvolnoyi-rady/
Ukraine's defense forces have success in the Bakhmut direction - Alexander Syrsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/syly-oborony-ukrayiny-mayut-uspihy-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-oleksandr-syrskyj/
Today is the day of Slavic and Kramatorsk from Russian occupation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/sogodni-%e2%80%95-den-zvilnennya-slovyanska-ta-kramatorska-vid-rosijskoyi-okupacziyi/
Volodymyr Zelensky had a telephone conversation with Guinea-Bisau President Umaru Sisok Embalo
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/volodymyr-zelenskyj-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-prezydentom-gvineyi-bisau-umaru-sisoku-embalo/
Crimes of the Russian Federation against National Security of Ukraine: more than 17 thousand cases have been recorded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/zlochyny-rf-proty-naczbezpeky-ukrayiny-zafiksovano-ponad-17-tysyach-vypadkiv-3/
Detectives conducts searches from the People's Deputy and her assistant - NABU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732008-na-ternopilsini-vikrili-pomicnika-deputata-na-habari-za-vnesenna-danih-u-sistemu-slah.html
Ukraine's defense forces continue to step on the Melitopol and Berdyansk directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/syly-oborony-ukrayiny-prodovzhuyut-vedennya-nastupalnoyi-operacziyi-na-melitopolskomu-ta-berdyanskomu-napryamkah/
On July 10 there will be a presentation of a book about heroes of unconquered Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/10-lypnya-vidbudetsya-prezentacziya-knyzhky-pro-geroyiv-neskorenoyi-ukrayiny/
More than 30 combat clashes took place in a day, heavy fights continue near estuaries, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Marinka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/za-dobu-vidbulosya-ponad-30-bojovyh-zitknen-vazhki-boyi-tryvayut-poblyzu-lymanu-bahmuta-avdiyivky-ta-maryinky/
In the Taurian direction of defense forces continue to systematically knock out the enemy from positions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-syly-oborony-j-dali-systemno-vybyvayut-voroga-z-pozyczij/
Ukrainian aviation per day made 10 beats in the areas of concentration of Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/ukrayinska-aviacziya-za-dobu-zavdala-10-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-rosiyan/
Ukrainian military is trained in the instructors of the Defense Forces of New Zealand
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/ukrayinski-vijskovi-prohodyat-navchannya-v-instruktoriv-syl-oborony-novoyi-zelandiyi/
The 15-year-old volunteer "Mouse" received a distinction of the Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/15-richna-volonterka-myshka-otrymala-vidznaku-golovnokomanduvacha-zs-ukrayiny/
They will judge a serviceman of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation who shot a civilian in a car in the Kyiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/sudytymut-vijskovosluzhbovczya-zs-rf-yakyj-rozstrilyav-czyvilnu-osobu-v-avtomobili-na-kyyivshhyni/
In Bakhmut, the enemy got into the trap - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/u-bahmuti-vorog-potrapyv-u-pastku-ganna-malyar/
During the day, the Russians struck 48 aviation blows across Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/protyagom-doby-rosiyany-zavdaly-48-aviaczijnyh-udariv-po-ukrayini/
China gave up Russian aircraft engines
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/kytaj-vidmovyvsya-vid-rosijskyh-aviadvyguniv/
The President commented on the possibility of reconciliation of Ukrainians and Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732016-prezident-prokomentuvav-mozlivist-primirenna-ukrainciv-ta-rosian.html
Andriy Shevchenko met with a team of team and experts of the Warsaw Security Forum
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/andrij-shevchenko-zustrivsya-z-delegacziyeyu-komandy-ta-ekspertiv-varshavskogo-bezpekovogo-forumu/
We work with partners as much as possible to win our joint security in Vilnius; It all depends on the partners - the appeal of the President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/maksymalno-praczyuyemo-z-partneramy-shhob-nasha-spilna-bezpeka-u-vilnyusi-peremogla-use-zalezhyt-vid-partneriv-zvernennya-prezydenta-ukrayiny/
Russian troops continue to fire Kherson region - law enforcement officers document the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/rosijski-vijska-prodovzhuyut-obstrilyuvaty-hersonshhynu-pravoohoronczi-dokumentuyut-naslidky/
The experience of Ukrainian Cimic in the harsh realities of the Russo-Ukrainian War was adopted in Finland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/dosvid-ukrayinskyh-cimic-u-suvoryh-realiyah-rosijsko-ukrayinskoyi-vijny-perejmaly-u-finlyandiyi/
We want Latin America to join the formula of peace - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/my-hochemo-shhob-latynska-ameryka-doluchylasya-do-pidtrymky-formuly-myru-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Today there is no alternative to a multifunctional F-16 type aircraft-Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/sogodni-nemaye-alternatyvy-bagatofunkczionalnomu-litaku-typu-f-16-yurij-ignat/
8 enemy drones were destroyed in the Nikolaev area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/na-mykolayivshhyni-znyshheno-8-vorozhyh-bezpilotnykiv/
The first line of defense of the invaders on the left bank of the Dnieper is destroyed by water - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/persha-liniya-oborony-okupantiv-na-livomu-berezi-dnipra-zrujnovana-vodoyu-nataliya-gumenyuk/
The Center for the Military History of the Armed Forces of Ukraine celebrated its first anniversary
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/czentr-doslidzhennya-voyennoyi-istoriyi-zbrojnyh-syl-ukrayiny-vidznachyv-svoyu-pershu-richnyczyu/
Up to 10 years behind bars, the FSB informant, who was spying on Bakhmut's defenses
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/do-10-rokiv-za-gratamy-zasudzheno-informatorku-fsb-yaka-shpyguvala-za-oboronczyamy-bahmuta/
In Ukraine, only about 11.7 million people are economically active
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732011-v-ukraini-ekonomicno-aktivnimi-e-lise-blizko-117-miljona-ludej.html
Humeniuk about the situation at the ZPP: diversion is quite likely
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732028-gumenuk-pro-situaciu-na-zaes-diversia-cilkom-jmovirna.html
Baiden commented on the USA's position on Ukraine's membership in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732027-u-bajdena-prokomentuvali-poziciu-ssa-sodo-clenstva-ukraini-v-nato.html
Baiden commented on the USA's position on Ukraine's membership in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732027-u-bajdena-prokomentuvali-poziciu-ssa-sodo-clenstva-ukraini-v-nato.html
Humeniuk about the situation at the ZPP: diversion is quite likely
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732028-gumenuk-pro-situaciu-na-zaes-diversia-cilkom-jmovirna.html
Yermak has consulted with ambassadors on the implementation of the Ukrainian formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732029-ermak-proviv-konsultacii-z-poslami-sodo-realizacii-ukrainskoi-formuli-miru.html
States closely monitor the development of the situation on the ZPP - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732030-stati-uvazno-stezat-za-rozvitkom-situacii-na-zaes-bilij-dim.html
With the support of the NATO Program, the Armed Forces Project started on psychological rehabilitation and stability of the military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/za-pidtrymky-programy-nato-u-zsu-startuvav-proyekt-z-psyhologichnoyi-reabilitacziyi-ta-stijkosti-vijskovyh/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====