乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-12

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

Chernihivska Oblast(20:22). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18479
Zaporizka Oblast(19:00). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45039
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Bleshnya, Leonivka, Krasn...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4748
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled Mykolaivka, Krasne First, Figolivka, Novomlinsk, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4749
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka, Bilohorivka and Vesele of Luhansk region a...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4750
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Bogdanivka, Bakhmut, Ivanovsk, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4751
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Berdyshi, Avdiivka, Pervomaisky Andes Neoelsk of ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4752
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Serhiivka and Pobeda of Donetsk region, - Generator...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4753
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novomykhailivka, Coal, Augustrivka And Nabe ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4754
The Kremlin: Britain's supply of long-range missiles to Ukraine requires a response from the ...
https://twitter.com/SkyNewsArabia_B/status/1656633086497488897
Zaporizka Oblast(22:00). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45058
Donetsk Oblast(23:52). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45059
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(23:59). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24742
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(00:21). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45061
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(00:44). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45065
Zaporizka Oblast(01:12). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45068
Donetsk Oblast(04:30). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45070
NATO Military Committee confirmed the adamant support of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/vijskovyj-komitet-nato-pidtverdyv-nepohytnu-pidtrymku-ukrayiny/
The occupiers stopped paying their payments to employees of their administrations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/okupanty-prypynyly-vyplachuvaty-zarplatu-praczivnykam-svoyih-administraczij/
Braga is all "shaved", they were covered there, two survived everything - the interception of GUR MOU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/dvoye-vyzhyly-vsogo-perehoplennya-gur-mou/
The countries of the Lublin Triangle presented a joint report "Sustgration of misinformation"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/dopovid-stijkist-shhodo-dezinformacziyi/
Imagine Dragons shot a musical story about a guy from the occupied Mykolaiv region in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/imagine-dragons-znyaly-v-ukrayini-muzychnyj-film-istoriyu-hlopczya-z-okupovanoyi-mykolayivshhyny/
Irishmen began to teach Ukrainian military demining
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/irlandczi-pochaly-navchaty-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-rozminuvannya/
"Minus" 14 targets in two days: SBU showed the work of special forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/minus-14-czilej-za-dva-dni-sbu-pokazala-robotu-speczpryznachencziv/
The degradation of Russian armed forces is really unprecedented - Admiral Rob Bauer
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/degradacziya-rosijskyh-zbrojnyh-syl/
During the mandatory evacuation from dangerous areas of Kharkiv region, all children were taken out
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/nebezpechnyh-rajoniv-harkivshhyny-vyvezeno-ditej/
The invaders in the south of Ukraine are massively terminated and exported
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/okupanty-masovo-prypynyat-svoyu-diyalnist/
Defense forces destroyed 5 enemy UAVs of different types
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/syly-oborony-znyshhyly-5-vorozhyh-bpla-riznyh-typiv/
During the past day, the Russians have inflicted 45 aviation blows
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-rosiyany-zavdaly-45-aviaczijnyh-udariv/
Українські захисники відбили 39 ворожих атак — найзапекліші бої тривають за Бахмут та Мар’їнку
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-vidbyly-39-vorozhyh-atak-najzapeklishi-boyi-tryvayut-za-bahmut-ta-maryinku/
"Patriot cannot knock down" dagger "and Ukrainian soldiers are drug addicts" - regular Russian propaganda fakes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/patriot-ne-mozhe-zbyty-kyndzhal/
In Zaporozhye, the occupiers in three days took out about 300 locals
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/na-zaporizhzhi-okupanty-za-try-dni-vyvezly-blyzko-300-misczevyh-zhyteliv/
Ukrainian defenders have eliminated more than 600 invaders in the past 24 hours, destroyed 14 artistem and 12 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-mynulu-dobu-likviduvaly-ponad-600-okupantiv-znyshhyly-14-artsystem-i-12-bbm/
Under the pretext of evacuation, Russian invaders steal temporarily occupied territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/pid-pryvodom-evakuacziyi-rosijski-okupanty-obkradayut-tymchasovo-okupovani-terytoriyi/
SWIFT ResPONSE-23 with NATO allies take place in Estonia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/v-estoniyi-vidbuvayutsya-navchannya-swift-response-23-iz-soyuznykamy-po-nato/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 13 strokes in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/11/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-13-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Halahanivka, Leonivka of ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4758
The government obliged to raise salaries to doctors in frontlines and in the war zone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3708415-urad-zobovazav-pidvisiti-zarplatu-medikam-na-prifrontovih-teritoriah-ta-v-zoni-bojovih-dij.html
The government approved the concept of the target national-cultural program "Unity in diversity"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3708416-urad-shvaliv-koncepciu-cilovoi-nacionalnokulturnoi-programi-ednist-u-rozmaitti.html
In Melitopol near the porch, a collaborator was blown up
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708417-u-melitopoli-bila-pidizdu-pidirvali-kolaboranta.html
Hockey World Cup began with the victories of Sweden, Canada, the Czech Republic and the United States
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3708544-cempionat-svitu-z-hokeu-rozpocavsa-peremogami-svecii-kanadi-cehii-ta-ssa.html
The government obliged to raise salaries to doctors in frontlines and in the war zone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3708415-urad-zobovazav-pidvisiti-zarplatu-medikam-na-prifrontovih-teritoriah-ta-v-zoni-bojovih-dij.html
Ісландія за час війни надала Україні понад $25 мільйонів допомоги 
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3708413-islandia-za-cas-vijni-nadala-ukraini-ponad-25-miljoniv-dopomogi.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka and Nevske of Luhansk region and Bilohorivk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4760
During the "cotton" in Lugansk, a deputy of the Russian Duma was wounded - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708546-pid-cas-bavovni-u-lugansku-buv-poranenij-deputat-rosijskoi-dumi-zmi.html
The Government supported the draft law on the accession of the main gas pipelines of Ukraine to the GTS operator
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3708371-urad-pidtrimav-zakonoproekt-pro-priednanna-magistralnih-gazoprovodiv-ukraini-do-operatora-gts.html
At Bahmut Direction Russia Army Shellled Vasukivka, Rihovo-Vasilka, Novomarks, Marks ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4761
Zaluzhny: Victory of Ukraine is unambiguously liberation of all occupied territories
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708543-zaluznij-peremoga-ukraini-ce-odnoznacno-zvilnenna-vsih-okupovanih-teritorij.html
At Avdiyivka direction Russian army shelled Novokalynove, Berdychi, Stepove, Syeverne and Per...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4762
In the UN is expected to renew the ceasefire negotiations in Sudan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3708397-v-oon-ocikuut-na-svidke-ponovlenna-peregovoriv-pro-pripinenna-vognu-u-sudani.html
Work on creating a perfect Ukrainian army despite the war continues
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708541-robota-nad-stvorennam-idealnoi-ukrainskoi-armii-trivae-popri-vijnu-zaluznij.html
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Hostre, Heorhiyivka and Pobyeda of Donetsk region,...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4763
The SBU detained two Kramatorsk residents who cited Russian rockets at the Armed Forces locations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708244-sbu-zatrimala-dvoh-ziteliv-kramatorska-aki-navodili-rosijski-raketi-na-lokacii-zsu.html
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian Army Shelled Paraskovivka, Konstantinovka, Novomikhailivka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4764
Zaluzhny: The invaders made a big mistake by placing on a snake garrison
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708542-zagarbniki-zrobili-veliku-pomilku-rozmistivsi-na-zmiinomu-garnizon-zaluznij.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka and Novopil of Donetsk r...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4765
Baltic countries consider accelerating the disconnection plan from the Russian power grid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3708247-kraini-baltii-rozgladaut-priskorenna-planu-vidklucenna-vid-energomerezi-rf.html
The family has almost never seen me since 2014 - Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708539-rodina-majze-ne-bacila-mene-z-2014-roku-golovnokomanduvac-zsu.html
The EU made an error with excessive dependence on Russia and will not repeat it with China - Borrel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3708538-es-dopustiv-pomilku-iz-nadmirnou-zaleznistu-vid-rosii-i-ne-povtorit-ii-z-kitaem-borrel.html
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(10:42). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/15336
Zaluzhni called Gerasimov a strong, insidious and unpredictable enemy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708536-zaluznij-nazvav-gerasimova-silnim-pidstupnim-ta-neperedbacuvanim-vorogom.html
In Odessa, a military hospital commander was exposed in corruption
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708384-v-odesi-na-korupcii-vikrili-komandira-vijskovogo-gospitala.html
Berinchik refused to defend the title leaving the EBU belt vacant
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3708537-berincik-vidmovivsa-zahisati-titul-zalisivsi-poas-ebu-vakantnim.html
Zaluzhny says he did not look at the rapid destruction of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708534-zaluznij-kaze-so-ne-peregladav-prognoziv-svidkogo-znisenna-ukraini.html
Without the responsibility of the Russian Federation for the crimes of sustainable peace will not be - the Prime Minister of Estonia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3708528-bez-vidpovidalnosti-rosii-za-skoeni-zlocini-stalogo-miru-ne-bude-premerka-estonii.html
Illegal "sentences" of Russia by Ukrainian captives is not an obstacle to exchange - coordination
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708282-nezakonni-viroki-rosii-ukrainskim-polonenim-ne-e-pereskodou-dla-obminiv-koordstab.html
Zaluzhny about flooding Moscow: Be sure to get to the rest, the question of time
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708533-zaluznij-po-zatoplenna-moskvi-obovazkovo-doberemosa-i-do-resti-pitanna-casu.html
In Kharkiv region, a farm worker who was tortured during the occupation was killed through shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708529-na-harkivsini-cerez-obstril-zaginuv-pracivnik-fermi-akogo-rosiani-katuvali-pid-cas-okupacii.html
Zaluzhny: If I find a representative of the "Soviet Army" in the Ukrainian - I will not be a long
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708532-zaluznij-akso-znajdu-predstavnika-radanskoi-armii-v-ukrainskij-dovgo-rozbiratisa-ne-budu.html
Fedorov reported a loud explosion in Melitopol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708531-fedorov-povidomiv-pro-gucnij-vibuh-u-melitopoli.html
Zaluzhny told about the first minutes of a large -scale invasion of the Russian Federation into Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708530-zaluznij-rozpoviv-pro-persi-hvilini-sirokomasstabnogo-vtorgnenna-rf-v-ukrainu.html
Work on 11th EU Sanctions Against Russia "well advanced" - Swedish Foreign Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3708527-robota-nad-11m-paketom-sankcij-es-proti-rosii-dobre-prosunulasa-vpered-mzs-svecii.html
Russia planned a full -scale offensive on Ukraine - the Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces in detail
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708524-rosia-detalno-planuvala-povnomasstabnij-nastup-na-ukrainu-golovnokomanduvac-zsu.html
The International Federation of weightlifting will not interfere with the speeches of Russians and Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3708526-miznarodna-federacia-vazkoi-atletiki-ne-pereskodzatime-vistupam-rosian-ta-bilorusiv.html
The enemy fired at the Sumy region border communities five times a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708520-vorog-za-dobu-pat-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonni-gromadi-sumsini.html
Zaluzhny: The basis of victory will be not only the heroism of Ukrainians, but also advanced technologies
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708525-zaluznij-osnovou-peremogi-stane-ne-lise-geroizm-ukrainciv-a-j-peredovi-tehnologii.html
The purpose of the Russian Federation at the beginning of the invasion was to destroy Ukrainian statehood - Zaluzhny
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708522-meta-rf-na-pocatku-vtorgnenna-polagala-v-tomu-sob-znisiti-ukrainsku-derzavnist-zaluznij.html
A volunteer who came under Russian shelling during the evacuation of people died in Kharkiv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708523-u-harkovi-pomer-volonter-akij-potrapiv-pid-rosijskij-obstril-u-hodi-evakuacii-ludej.html
Zaluzhny: The basis of victory will be not only the heroism of Ukrainians, but also advanced technologies
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708525-zaluznij-osnovou-peremogi-stane-ne-lise-geroizm-ukrainciv-a-j-peredovi-tehnologii.html
The purpose of the Russian Federation at the beginning of the invasion was to destroy Ukrainian statehood - Zaluzhny
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708522-meta-rf-na-pocatku-vtorgnenna-polagala-v-tomu-sob-znisiti-ukrainsku-derzavnist-zaluznij.html
A volunteer who came under Russian shelling during the evacuation of people died in Kharkiv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708523-u-harkovi-pomer-volonter-akij-potrapiv-pid-rosijskij-obstril-u-hodi-evakuacii-ludej.html
Poltavska Oblast(08:03). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45073
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(08:22). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45075
Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Poltava region, Zaporizhzhya region, Donetsk region (09:13). Red Al ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45080
Sumska Oblast(09:15). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45081
Artillery shelling in Nikopol
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/41660
China special envoy to visit Ukraine Monday: foreign ministry
https://twitter.com/AFP/status/1656922916272087047
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(10:42). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24752
Poltava region, Zaporizhzhya region, Kirovohrad region, Cherkasy region (10: CHZ). Red Alrt: ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45094
Shelling in Kherson
https://t.me/hueviyherson/39322
Russian army conducted 6 missile strikes, 59 airstrikes and over 95 shelling with MLRS, - Gen...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4757
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4766
Air defense shot down big aerial object over Belgorod overnight
https://t.me/rusbrief/116531
Donetsk Oblast(11:48). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45103
Donetsk Oblast(12:46). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45105
1 person killed as result of shelling in Cherneschyna village of Kharkiv region
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24757
Wagner chief Prigozhin says Russian army 'fleeing' positions near Bakhmut
https://twitter.com/AFP/status/1657010554303545345
Person wounded as result of shelling in Nikopol of Dnipropetrovsk region
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/52008
Russian Mi-28 crashed near Dzhankoi, killing both pilots
https://t.me/rian_ru/202568
Heavy explosions in Luhansk after suspected missile strike at ammunition depot
https://t.me/itsdonetsk/73915
Sumska Oblast, Chernihivska Oblast(19:44). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take co...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45112
Debris of ADM-160B MALD missile were found in Luhansk
https://t.me/milinfolive/100548
Donetsk Oblast(19:59). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45113
Explosions reported in Melitopol, partial blackout across the town
https://t.me/rusbrief/116727
Occupation authorities in Luhansk region claim Ukraine launched 2 Hrim cruise missiles at Luh...
https://t.me/vestifmplus/43719
Explosions reported in Kramatorsk district
https://t.me/novosti_donbass24/47002
Donetsk Oblast(22:43). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45118
Russian MP of State Duma Viktor Vodolatsky was wounded in a missile strike in occupied Luhansk
https://t.me/rusbrief/116740
Lithuania is offered to abandon the Russian name Kaliningrad
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3708363-u-litvi-proponuut-vidmovitisa-vid-rosijskoi-nazvi-kaliningrada.html
The OVA was discussed with the Ambassador of France further rebuilding the region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3708365-u-kiivskij-ova-obgovorili-z-poslom-francii-podalsu-vidbudovu-oblasti.html
Zelensky discussed with Sunak defense cooperation and thanked for Storm Shadow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708372-zelenskij-obgovoriv-iz-sunakom-oboronnu-spivpracu-i-podakuvav-za-storm-shadow.html
Stephanishin urged Poland to refrain from unilateral restrictions on Ukrainian agroesport
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3708370-stefanisina-zaklikala-polsu-utrimatisa-vid-odnostoronnih-obmezen-na-ukrainskij-agroeksport.html
Russian invaders staged a raid in the mosque of Simferopol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3708376-rosijski-zagarbniki-vlastuvali-rejd-u-meceti-simferopola.html
The military of the Russian Federation fired at the Beryslav district, there is a wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708377-vijskovi-rf-obstrilali-berislavskij-rajon-e-poranenij.html
Brave1 cluster has already received more than 100 applications from Ukrainian developers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3708378-do-klastera-brave1-vze-nadijslo-ponad-100-zaavok-vid-ukrainskih-rozrobnikiv.html
Spain's Prime Minister will discuss with the US President Searching for the Single Front on War in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3708380-premer-ispanii-obgovorit-z-prezidentom-ssa-posuk-edinogo-frontu-sodo-vijni-v-ukraini.html
Ukrainian Kostyuk overcame Liu in the second circle of WTA tournament 1000 in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3708381-ukrainka-kostuk-zdolala-lu-u-drugomu-koli-turniru-wta-1000-v-rimi.html
Zelensky imposed sanctions against 41 people who helped the Russian Federation to control Zaporizhstal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3708388-zelenskij-zaprovadiv-sankcii-proti-41-osobi-so-dopomagala-rf-kontroluvati-zaporizstal.html
The Cabinet is introducing an electronic logging ticket
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3708383-kabmin-zaprovadzue-elektronnij-lisorubnij-kvitok.html
In the Bakhmut district, enemy artebroch was injured by three police officers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708391-u-bahmutskomu-rajoni-vorozij-artobstril-poraniv-troh-policejskih.html
Germany wants to buy new Leopard tanks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3708393-nimeccina-hoce-pridbati-novi-tanki-leopard.html
Cabinet restricted the amount of compensation for housing repair under the Equinal Program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3708394-kabmin-obmeziv-rozmir-kompensacii-na-remont-zitla-za-programou-evidnovlenna.html
Ukraine expects EU leaders in June will be determined by the start of admission negotiations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3708396-ukraina-ocikue-so-lideri-es-u-cervni-viznacatsa-z-pocatkom-peregovoriv-pro-vstup.html
In Kropyvnytskyi, they said goodbye to four dead warriors
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708399-u-kropivnickomu-poprosalis-iz-cotirma-zagiblimi-voinami.html
Lithuania urged to give up a taboo in supplying weapons to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3708400-litva-zaklikala-vidmovitisa-vid-tabu-u-postacanni-zbroi-ukraini.html
In Crimea, the Russian helicopter Mi-28 crashed, pilots died
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3708401-u-krimu-rozbivsa-rosijskij-vertolit-mi28-piloti-zaginuli.html
The Government has directed almost 220 million per compensation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3708403-urad-spramuvav-majze-220-miljoniv-na-kompensaciu-vitrat-za-rozmisenna-pereselenciv.html
SBU special forces destroyed the Russian "hail" with the help of drone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708404-specpriznacenci-sbu-znisili-rosijskij-grad-za-dopomogou-drona.html
Stephanishina counts on a political decision on Ukraine's membership in NATO at a summit in Vilnius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3708405-stefanisina-rozrahovue-na-politicne-risenna-sodo-clenstva-ukraini-v-nato-na-samiti-u-vilnusi.html
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine calls on Russia to unblock the CCC Cathedral in Simferopol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3708408-mzs-ukraini-zaklikae-rosiu-rozblokuvati-sobor-pcu-u-simferopoli.html
Dream Business Forum started in Lviv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3708406-na-lvivsini-startuvav-dream-business-forum.html
YouControl has found more than 25,000 legal entities in Ukraine that have a connection with the Russian Federation and Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708409-youcontrol-znajsla-bilse-25-tisac-uridicnih-osib-v-ukraini-aki-maut-zvazok-z-rf-i-bilorussu.html
The Lviv Opera prepared the premiere - Zaporozhets behind the Danube in modern interpretation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3708412-lvivska-opera-pidgotuvala-premeru-zaporozec-za-dunaem-u-sucasnij-interpretacii.html
The Lviv Opera prepared the premiere - Zaporozhets behind the Danube in modern interpretation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3708412-lvivska-opera-pidgotuvala-premeru-zaporozec-za-dunaem-u-sucasnij-interpretacii.html
Iceland provided more than $ 25 million in the war during the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3708413-islandia-za-cas-vijni-nadala-ukraini-ponad-25-miljoniv-dopomogi.html
Iceland provided more than $ 25 million in the war during the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3708413-islandia-za-cas-vijni-nadala-ukraini-ponad-25-miljoniv-dopomogi.html
In Melitopol near the porch, a collaborator was blown up
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708417-u-melitopoli-bila-pidizdu-pidirvali-kolaboranta.html
The government approved the concept of the target national-cultural program "Unity in diversity"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3708416-urad-shvaliv-koncepciu-cilovoi-nacionalnokulturnoi-programi-ednist-u-rozmaitti.html
The government has returned three -rand auctions in open auctions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3708418-urad-povernuv-triraundovi-aukcioni-u-vidkritih-torgah.html
In three museums in Italy and Sweden, Ukrainian -language audiohyde appeared
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3708419-u-troh-muzeah-italii-ta-svecii-zavivsa-ukrainomovnij-audiogid.html
Zelensky: Today is a sanction day, approved five packages
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3708422-zelenskij-sogodni-sankcijnij-den-zatverdili-pat-paketiv.html
Kherson was repaired a water supply damaged during hostile fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3708424-u-hersoni-vidremontuvali-vodogin-poskodzenij-pid-cas-vorozogo-obstrilu.html
The Kiev Opera has announced the production of Pinokcia musical in Broadway style
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3708425-kiivska-opera-anonsuvala-postanovku-muziklu-pinokkia-u-brodvejskomu-stili.html
Harciz: Cannot be allowed to Russians and Belarusians in the competition, they should be excluded from a healthy society
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3708427-harciz-ne-mozna-dopuskati-rosian-ta-bilorusiv-do-zmagan-ih-treba-vikluciti-zi-zdorovogo-suspilstva.html
The Russians fired from the artillery village in Kharkiv region, there is a dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708428-rosiani-obstrilali-z-artilerii-selo-na-harkivsini-e-zagiblij.html
In Russia, "adequate answers" ended, the worst for her is just beginning - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3708430-u-rosii-zakincilis-adekvatni-vidpovidi-najgirse-dla-nei-tilki-pocinaetsa-danilov.html
Odessa celebrated the Day of Righteous Peoples of the World
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708431-v-odesi-vidznacili-den-pravednikiv-narodiv-svitu.html
Ukraine demands responsibility of the Russian Federation because of non -compliance with the decisions of the Inter -Parliamentary Union - Kornienko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3708433-ukraina-vimagae-vidpovidalnosti-rf-cerez-nevikonanna-risen-mizparlamentskogo-souzu-kornienko.html
The agent who handed over the Russian Armed Forces in Kharkiv region was given 15 years in prison
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708434-agentu-akij-peredav-rosianam-dani-pro-zsu-na-harkivsini-dali-15-rokiv-turmi.html
Slovakia has canceled unilateral restrictions on import of agricultural products from Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3708435-slovaccina-skasuvala-odnostoronni-obmezenna-na-import-agroprodukcii-z-ukraini.html
Bypassing sanctions against Russia will have consequences - Berbok
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3708440-obhid-sankcij-proti-rosii-matime-naslidki-berbok.html
The occupiers are already internally ready for defeat - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708441-okupanti-vze-vnutrisno-gotovi-do-porazki-zelenskij.html
Russian troops per day made more than 35 attacks in four directions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708443-vijska-rf-za-den-zdijsnili-ponad-35-atak-na-cotiroh-napramkah.html
The invaders hit Konstantinovka from the Smerch and Artillery, there is a wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708449-rosiani-vdarila-po-kostantinivci-zi-smerciv-ta-artilerii-e-poranenij.html
Russia has brought two rocket carriers to the Black Sea - an excess and underwater
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708444-rosia-vivela-u-corne-more-dva-raketonosii-nadvodnij-i-pidvodnij.html
Liverpool bookstore prepared for Eurovision Ukrainian stand
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3708446-liverpulska-knigarna-pidgotuvala-do-evrobacenna-ukrainskij-stend.html
The White House commented Zelensky's statement of counter -offensive and promised assistance to the event
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3708445-bilij-dim-prokomentuvav-zaavu-zelenskogo-pro-kontrnastup-ta-obicanu-dopomogu-zahodu.html
In Lugansk, explosions were heard: the media reported a rocket strike on the oil storage facility
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708447-u-lugansku-prolunali-vibuhi-zmi-povidomlaut-pro-raketnij-udar-po-naftoshovisu.html
The youth team of Ukraine gave way to the Irish at the UEFA Development Tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3708448-unacka-zbirna-ukraini-postupilasa-irlandcam-na-turniri-rozvitku-uefa.html
On weekends in Ukraine will be without precipitation, on Sunday it will warm up to +25 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708249-na-vihidnih-v-ukraini-bude-bez-opadiv-u-nedilu-progrie-do-25.html
The Kaunas Theater paid € 960 royalties for the production of Alladin ballet - Director of the Kiev Opera
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3708450-kaunaskij-teatr-splativ-960-roalti-za-postanovku-baletu-alladin-direktor-kiivskoi-operi.html
The abduction of Ukrainian children by Russia: Kondratyuk urged the Icelandic Parliament to consider the resolution
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3708452-vikradenna-ukrainskih-ditej-rosieu-kondratuk-zaklikala-parlament-islandii-rozglanuti-rezoluciu.html
Trump's comments on Ukraine have in no way affected Washington's policy - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3708454-komentari-trampa-sodo-ukraini-zodnim-cinom-ne-vplinuli-na-politiku-vasingtona-bilij-dim.html
A $ 1.5 million grant program has started in Ukraine to support export alliances
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3708455-v-ukraini-startuvala-grantova-programa-na-15-miljona-dla-pidtrimki-eksportnih-alansiv.html
Musk announced the name of the new Twitter CEO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3708470-mask-ogolosiv-ima-novogo-gendirektora-twitter.html
In Kiev, the issue of chaplaincy in hospitals was discussed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3708474-u-kievi-obgovorili-pitanna-vprovadzenna-kapelanstva-u-likarnah.html
One of the world's largest alcohol producers goes from the Russian market
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3708475-odin-z-najbilsih-u-sviti-virobnikiv-alkogolu-jde-z-rinku-rf.html
In Konotop, a Malevich memorial plaque will be installed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3708480-u-konotopi-vstanovlat-memorialnu-dosku-malevicu.html
In the Ivano-Frankivsk region will recreate the craft yard of Ancient Halych
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3708483-na-ivanofrankivsini-vidtvorat-remisnicij-dvir-davnogo-galica.html
Russia convened an informal meeting of the UN Security Council for discussion of "oppression" of the UOC -MP in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3708485-rosia-sklikala-neformalnu-zustric-radbezu-oon-dla-obgovorenna-utiskiv-upc-mp-v-ukraini.html
In the Congress of Ukrainians Canada, they urge to deport Russian "diplomats"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3708486-u-kongresi-ukrainciv-kanadi-zaklikaut-deportuvati-rosijskih-diplomativ.html
The United States has not changed policies to provide Ukraine with long -range missiles - Kirby
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708487-ssa-poki-ne-zminili-politiki-sodo-nadanna-ukraini-dalekobijnih-raket-kirbi.html
The Kiev Opera has announced the cycle "Music for Adults"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3708489-kiivska-opera-anonsuvala-cikl-muzika-dla-doroslih.html
Crimean political prisoner Timur Yalkabov is 25 kilograms and needs treatment - wife
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3708494-krimskij-politvazen-timur-alkabov-shud-na-25-kilogramiv-i-potrebue-likuvanna-druzina.html
Belgium provides Ukraine with € 92 million due to taxation of frozen assets of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3708495-belgia-nadae-ukraini-92-miljoni-za-rahunok-opodatkuvanna-zamorozenih-aktiviv-rf.html
A digital action of solidarity in Eurovision united Ukrainians and British
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3708496-cifrova-akcia-solidarnosti-v-ramkah-evrobacenna-obednala-ukrainciv-ta-britanciv.html
Four countries and 1500 kilometers: May 24 starts all -Ukrainian veteran cycling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3708497-cotiri-kraini-i-1500-kilometriv-z-24-travna-startue-vseukrainskij-veteranskij-veloprobig.html
Yarmolenko Duble has completed the "silver" season in the UAE Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3708498-armolenko-dublem-zaversiv-sribnij-sezon-u-cempionati-oae.html
Czech President estimates the chances of Ukraine's counter -offensive as good
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708501-prezident-cehii-ocinue-sansi-kontrnastupu-ukraini-ak-dobri.html
Kim called the biggest problem for the business of Mykolaiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708500-kim-nazvav-najbilsu-problemu-dla-biznesu-mikolaivsini.html
The Russians released on the border of Chernihiv region more than 20 mines
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708503-rosiani-vipustili-po-prikordonnu-cernigivsini-ponad-20-min.html
Zelensky has imposed sanctions on companies related to Medvedchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3708505-zelenskij-zaprovadiv-sankcii-sodo-kompanij-povazanih-z-medvedcukom.html
Tsurenko will confront the first "racket" of the world in the third circle of WTA tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3708507-curenko-protistoatime-persij-raketci-svitu-u-tretomu-koli-turniru-wta-u-rimi.html
Sergey Babkin wrote a song in honor of 127 Terroborons brigade from Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3708509-sergij-babkin-napisav-pisnu-na-cest-127oi-brigadi-tro-z-harkivsini.html
Borrel considers the formula of Zelensky the only way to a fair and sustainable peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708513-borrel-vvazae-formulu-zelenskogo-edinim-slahom-do-spravedlivogo-ta-stijkogo-miru.html
G7 leaders will discuss Ukraine's support and prosecution to the answer - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3708511-lideri-g7-obgovorat-pidtrimku-ukraini-ta-pritagnenna-rf-do-vidpovidi-bilij-dim.html
Ukraine and Britain will strengthen cooperation for a faster energy transition - Ministry of Energy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3708514-ukraina-ta-britania-posilat-spivpracu-dla-svidsogo-energeticnogo-perehodu-minenergo.html
The Executive Director of Europol visited Kyiv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3708515-vikonavca-direktorka-evropolu-vidvidala-kiiv.html
The military leadership of Ukraine was preparing for the invasion of the Russian Federation - Zaluzhny
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708517-vijskove-kerivnictvo-ukraini-gotuvalosa-do-vtorgnenna-rf-zaluznij.html
IAEA plans to submit an agreement on this month
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3708516-magate-planue-predstaviti-ugodu-sodo-zaes-cogo-misaca.html
Zaluzhny told how he responds to Ukrainian losses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708519-zaluznij-rozpoviv-ak-reague-na-ukrainski-vtrati.html
In order to continue normal relations with the EU, China has to persuade the Russian Federation to withdraw from Ukraine - Borrel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3708521-dla-prodovzenna-normalnih-stosunkiv-z-es-kitaj-mae-perekonati-rf-vijti-z-ukraini-borrel.html
A volunteer who came under Russian shelling during the evacuation of people died in Kharkiv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708523-u-harkovi-pomer-volonter-akij-potrapiv-pid-rosijskij-obstril-u-hodi-evakuacii-ludej.html
The purpose of the Russian Federation at the beginning of the invasion was to destroy Ukrainian statehood - Zaluzhny
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708522-meta-rf-na-pocatku-vtorgnenna-polagala-v-tomu-sob-znisiti-ukrainsku-derzavnist-zaluznij.html
The enemy fired at the Sumy region border communities five times a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708520-vorog-za-dobu-pat-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonni-gromadi-sumsini.html
The International Federation of weightlifting will not interfere with the speeches of Russians and Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3708526-miznarodna-federacia-vazkoi-atletiki-ne-pereskodzatime-vistupam-rosian-ta-bilorusiv.html
The International Federation of weightlifting will not interfere with the speeches of Russians and Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3708526-miznarodna-federacia-vazkoi-atletiki-ne-pereskodzatime-vistupam-rosian-ta-bilorusiv.html
Russia planned a full -scale offensive on Ukraine - the Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces in detail
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708524-rosia-detalno-planuvala-povnomasstabnij-nastup-na-ukrainu-golovnokomanduvac-zsu.html
Russia planned a full -scale offensive on Ukraine - the Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces in detail
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708524-rosia-detalno-planuvala-povnomasstabnij-nastup-na-ukrainu-golovnokomanduvac-zsu.html
Work on 11th EU Sanctions Against Russia "well advanced" - Swedish Foreign Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3708527-robota-nad-11m-paketom-sankcij-es-proti-rosii-dobre-prosunulasa-vpered-mzs-svecii.html
Zaluzhny told about the first minutes of a large -scale invasion of the Russian Federation into Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708530-zaluznij-rozpoviv-pro-persi-hvilini-sirokomasstabnogo-vtorgnenna-rf-v-ukrainu.html
Fedorov reported a loud explosion in Melitopol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708531-fedorov-povidomiv-pro-gucnij-vibuh-u-melitopoli.html
Zaluzhny: If I find a representative of the "Soviet Army" in the Ukrainian - I will not be a long
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708532-zaluznij-akso-znajdu-predstavnika-radanskoi-armii-v-ukrainskij-dovgo-rozbiratisa-ne-budu.html
In Kharkiv region, a farm worker who was tortured during the occupation was killed through shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708529-na-harkivsini-cerez-obstril-zaginuv-pracivnik-fermi-akogo-rosiani-katuvali-pid-cas-okupacii.html
Zaluzhny about flooding Moscow: Be sure to get to the rest, the question of time
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708533-zaluznij-po-zatoplenna-moskvi-obovazkovo-doberemosa-i-do-resti-pitanna-casu.html
Illegal "sentences" of Russia by Ukrainian captives is not an obstacle to exchange - coordination
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708282-nezakonni-viroki-rosii-ukrainskim-polonenim-ne-e-pereskodou-dla-obminiv-koordstab.html
Without the responsibility of the Russian Federation for the crimes of sustainable peace will not be - the Prime Minister of Estonia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3708528-bez-vidpovidalnosti-rosii-za-skoeni-zlocini-stalogo-miru-ne-bude-premerka-estonii.html
Zaluzhny says he did not look at the rapid destruction of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708534-zaluznij-kaze-so-ne-peregladav-prognoziv-svidkogo-znisenna-ukraini.html
Berinchik refused to defend the title leaving the EBU belt vacant
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3708537-berincik-vidmovivsa-zahisati-titul-zalisivsi-poas-ebu-vakantnim.html
In Odessa, a military hospital commander was exposed in corruption
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708384-v-odesi-na-korupcii-vikrili-komandira-vijskovogo-gospitala.html
Zaluzhni called Gerasimov a strong, insidious and unpredictable enemy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708536-zaluznij-nazvav-gerasimova-silnim-pidstupnim-ta-neperedbacuvanim-vorogom.html
The EU made an error with excessive dependence on Russia and will not repeat it with China - Borrel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3708538-es-dopustiv-pomilku-iz-nadmirnou-zaleznistu-vid-rosii-i-ne-povtorit-ii-z-kitaem-borrel.html
The family has almost never seen me since 2014 - Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708539-rodina-majze-ne-bacila-mene-z-2014-roku-golovnokomanduvac-zsu.html
Baltic countries consider accelerating the disconnection plan from the Russian power grid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3708247-kraini-baltii-rozgladaut-priskorenna-planu-vidklucenna-vid-energomerezi-rf.html
Zaluzhny: The invaders made a big mistake by placing on a snake garrison
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708542-zagarbniki-zrobili-veliku-pomilku-rozmistivsi-na-zmiinomu-garnizon-zaluznij.html
The SBU detained two Kramatorsk residents who cited Russian rockets at the Armed Forces locations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708244-sbu-zatrimala-dvoh-ziteliv-kramatorska-aki-navodili-rosijski-raketi-na-lokacii-zsu.html
Work on creating a perfect Ukrainian army despite the war continues
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708541-robota-nad-stvorennam-idealnoi-ukrainskoi-armii-trivae-popri-vijnu-zaluznij.html
In the UN is expected to renew the ceasefire negotiations in Sudan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3708397-v-oon-ocikuut-na-svidke-ponovlenna-peregovoriv-pro-pripinenna-vognu-u-sudani.html
Zaluzhny: Victory of Ukraine is unambiguously liberation of all occupied territories
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3708543-zaluznij-peremoga-ukraini-ce-odnoznacno-zvilnenna-vsih-okupovanih-teritorij.html
During the "cotton" in Lugansk, a deputy of the Russian Duma was wounded - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3708546-pid-cas-bavovni-u-lugansku-buv-poranenij-deputat-rosijskoi-dumi-zmi.html
Hockey World Cup began with the victories of Sweden, Canada, the Czech Republic and the United States
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3708544-cempionat-svitu-z-hokeu-rozpocavsa-peremogami-svecii-kanadi-cehii-ta-ssa.html
Has a leadership position during the occupation of Kharkiv region - law enforcement officers exposed a local resident
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/obijnyala-kerivnu-posadu-pid-chas-okupacziyi-harkivshhyny-pravoohoronczi-vykryly-misczevu-zhytelku/
The Center for Combating Misinformation reported the detection of hostile manipulations per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/czpd-povidomyv-pro-vyyavlennya-vorozhyh-manipulyaczij-za-dobu/
As a BOZENA-5 demining complex cleans Slobozhanshchina from explosive objects
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/yak-kompleks-rozminuvannya-bozena-5-ochyshhuye-slobozhanshhynu-vid-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
As a result of the shelling of the Toretsk army of the Russian Federation, 9 citizens were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/vnaslidok-obstrilu-toreczka-armiyeyu-rf-zaznaly-poranen-9-gromadyan/
Center for Mine Activities received international certificates "IMAS EOD LEVEL 2"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/cpivrobitnyky-czentru-protyminnoyi-diyalnosti-otrymaly-sertyfikaty-u-navchalnomu-czentri-mat-kosovo/
The Ukrainian delegation in PACE initiates a resolution on the ban on Rashism in Europe
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/ukrayinska-delegacziya-v-parye-inicziyuye-rezolyucziyu-pro-zaboronu-rashyzmu-v-yevropi/
Aviation of Defense Forces has struck 14 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-14-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga-2/
In the Volyn and Polissya directions of signs of formation of offensive groups of the enemy was not revealed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/na-volynskomu-ta-poliskomu-napryamkah-oznak-formuvannya-nastupalnyh-ugrupovan-voroga-ne-vyyavleno/
The CPD reported the main narrative that the last day was promoted by Roszmi
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/czpd-informuye-pro-osnovnyj-naratyv-shho-za-dobu-prosuvaly-roszmi-3/
44 enemy attacks were reflected in Donetsk region a day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/na-donechchyni-za-dobu-vidbyto-44-ataky-voroga/
Enemy Loss per day: 750 invaders were eliminated, 5 tanks and 15 artisystems were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-750-okupantiv-znyshheno-5-tankiv-i-15-artsystem/
Russia launched a wide campaign to force Ukraine to negotiate - Alexey Danilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/rosiya-rozgornula-shyroku-kampaniyu-shhob-zmusyty-ukrayinu-do-peregovoriv-oleksij-danilov/
In the Bakhmut direction our defenders advanced by 2 km - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-nashi-oboronczi-prosunulys-vpered-na-2-km-ganna-malyar/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-2/
Alexei Reznikov thanked the Canadian and Latvian colleagues for their assistance in Ukrainian officers' training
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/oleksij-reznikov-podyakuvav-kanadskij-ta-latvijskij-kolegam-za-dopomogu-v-navchanni-ukrayinskyh-oficzeriv/
South Korea supports the Ukrainian "formula of peace"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/pivdenna-koreya-pidtrymuye-ukrayinsku-formulu-myru/
In Makiyivka, the bodies of the dead occupiers lie that no one takes away - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/u-makiyivczi-lezhat-tila-zagyblyh-okupantiv-yaki-nihto-ne-zabyraye-gur/
The knockout of the "dagger" rocket was a shock for the Russians - Alexei Danilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/zbyttya-rakety-kyndzhal-stalo-shokom-dlya-rosiyan-oleksij-danilov/
The Russian Federation has hit the managed airbots in Chernihiv: there are victims and damage
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/rf-udaryla-kerovanymy-aviabombamy-po-chernigivshhyni-ye-postrazhdali-ta-poshkodzhennya/
Estonian deputies signed a joint application in support of Ukraine's accession to NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/estonski-deputaty-pidpysaly-spilnu-zayavu-na-pidtrymku-vstupu-ukrayiny-do-nato/
There are 8 enemy ships in the Black Sea, there are no rocket launchers among them - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/u-chornomu-mori-perebuvayut-8-vorozhyh-korabliv-raketonosiyiv-sered-nyh-nemaye-nataliya-gumenyuk/
During the day, rescuers went over a hundred times to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-ponad-sto-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv/
The Ministry of Defense will order Ukrainian tanks "Oplot" for the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/minoborony-zamovyt-ukrayinski-tanky-oplot-dlya-zsu/
During the day, Russia fired at 161 settlements of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/za-dobu-rosiya-obstrilyala-161-naselenyj-punkt-ukrayiny/
What is happening in the east now - Anna painter's explanation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/shho-zaraz-vidbuvayetsya-na-shodi-poyasnennya-ganny-malyar/
The coordination headquarters discussed the search for dead in the liberated territories of Kharkiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-obgovoryly-poshuk-zagyblyh-na-zvilnenyh-terytoriyah-harkivshhyny/
British Defense Defense confirmed the arrival of all British Challenger 2 tanks to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/minoborony-brytaniyi-pidtverdylo-prybuttya-do-ukrayiny-vsih-brytanskyh-tankiv-challenger-2/
More than 200 explosive items and one airbomble were disposed of
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-200-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-ta-odnu-aviabombu/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the awards of 117 servicemen, of which - 80 posthumously
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/volodymyr-zelenskyj-vidznachyv-nagorodamy-117-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-iz-nyh-80-posmertno/
At the meeting, the commanders of the commander reported about the course of fighting in their areas of the front
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/na-zasidanni-stavky-komanduvachi-osuv-dopovily-pro-perebig-bojovyh-dij-na-svoyih-dilyankah-frontu/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 86 thousand military crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-86-tysyachi-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
The invaders destroyed and damaged about half a thousand temples and sacred buildings of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/okupanty-zrujnuvaly-ta-poshkodyly-blyzko-piv-tysyachi-hramiv-ta-sakralnyh-sporud-ukrayiny/
Yanukovych and Putin divide one underpin: Oleg Smal presented an exhibition of cartoons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/yanukovych-i-putin-dilyat-odne-spidnye-oleg-smal-prezentuvav-vystavku-karykatur/
How to get a certificate of a family member of a person missing in special circumstances
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/yak-otrymaty-posvidchennya-chlena-simyi-osoby-znykloyi-bezvisty-za-osoblyvyh-obstavyn/
The Ukrainian Army is the strongest on the continent: the Polish Senate approved a resolution on Ukraine's membership in NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/ukrayinska-armiya-najsylnisha-na-kontynenti-polskyj-senat-uhvalyv-rezolyucziyu-shhodo-chlenstva-ukrayiny-v-nato/
Corrected rocket strikes of the occupiers at the deployment of the Armed Forces - suspected two residents of Kramatorsk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/koryguvaly-raketni-udary-okupantiv-po-misczyah-dyslokacziyi-zsu-pidozryuyut-dvoh-meshkancziv-kramatorska/
All aviation families today support the fighting of land units - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/usi-rody-aviacziyi-sogodni-pidtrymuyut-bojovi-diyi-suhoputnyh-pidrozdiliv-yurij-ignat/
The President of Ukraine has created an expert group that will submit a submission of the title of Hero of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/prezydent-ukrayiny-stvoryv-ekspertnu-grupu-yaka-vnosytyme-podannya-pro-prysvoyennya-zvannya-geroj-ukrayiny/
"Long Hand" is what is needed today for the Defense Forces of Ukraine - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/dovga-ruka-cze-te-shho-neobhidno-sogodni-sylam-oborony-ukrayiny-yurij-ignat/
Our defensive operation is successful, the enemy is depleted and bleed - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/nasha-oboronna-operacziya-vidbuvayetsya-uspishno-vorog-vysnazhuyetsya-ta-znekrovlyuyetsya-sergij-cherevatyj/
TRI has completed the unique training course "Capital School"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/u-tro-zavershyvsya-unikalnyj-navchalnyj-kurs-vyshkil-kapitaniv/
In Simferopol, Russians destroy the Cathedral of the Orthodox Church of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/u-simferopoli-rosiyany-nyshhat-kafedralnyj-sobor-pravoslavnoyi-czerkvy-ukrayiny/
Coordination Staff does not confirm captivity but collects and accounts for information
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-ne-pidtverdzhuye-polon-a-zbyraye-j-oblikovuye-vidomosti/
In Kiev presented a manual with a dog for dogs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/u-kyyevi-prezentuvaly-posibnyk-z-takmedu-dlya-sobak/
Andriy Yusov about the conflict between the leaders of the invaders: looking for a guilty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/andrij-yusov-pro-konflikt-mizh-vatazhkamy-okupantiv-shukayut-vynnogo/
At the Ukrainian Pentigration Championships, the Army won eight medals
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/na-chempionati-ukrayiny-z-suchasnogo-pyatyborstva-armijczi-zdobuly-visim-medalej/
Now Ukraine is stronger than at any other time of confrontation of this empire-President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/zaraz-ukrayina-micznisha-nizh-u-bud-yakyj-inshyj-chas-protystoyannya-czij-imperiyi-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Let's honor the mothers of our fallen heroes: Ukraine starts a flash mob to Mother's Day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/vshanujmo-materiv-nashyh-poleglyh-geroyiv-v-ukrayini-startuye-fleshmob-do-dnya-materi/
Defense Minister and Nursing Commander of the Armed Forces presented awards to doctors on the occasion of International Nurse Day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/ministr-oborony-ta-komanduvachka-medychnyh-syl-zsu-vruchyly-nagorody-medykam-z-nagody-mizhnarodnogo-dnya-medychnoyi-sestry/
The XIV International Nursing Congress took place in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/u-kyyevi-vidbuvsya-xiv-mizhnarodnyj-kongres-medychnyh-sester/
Ukrainian defenders repelled numerous enemy attacks in the Marinka area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-vidbyly-chyslenni-vorozhi-ataky-v-rajoni-maryinky/
Representatives of the Joint Forces Command congratulated the Ohmatdit health workers' holiday
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/predstavnyky-komanduvannya-ob%ca%bcyednanyh-syl-pryvitaly-zi-svyatom-medpraczivnykiv-ohmatdytu/
The enemy forms new combat brigades from unmotivated workers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/protyvnyk-formuye-novi-chastyny-z-nevmotyvovanyh-do-bojovyh-dij-zarobitchat/
Today we have a sanction day: Five packages have been approved - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/namagannya-obijty-sankcziyi-maye-vyznachatysya-yak-odyn-iz-najtyazhchyh-zlochyniv-proty-mizhnarodnogo-prava-ta-myru-prezydent-ukrayiny/
In the south, the enemy tries to disperse as much as possible - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/na-pivdni-vorog-namagayetsya-maksymalno-rozoseredytysya-nataliya-gumenyuk/
Aviation of Defense forces of this day has struck 4 strikes on Russian positions and technique
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/aviacziya-syl-oborony-cziyeyi-doby-zavdala-4-udary-po-rosijskyh-pozycziyah-ta-tehniczi/
There will be no sustainable peace without Russia's responsibility for committing crimes - Kai Callas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/ne-bude-stalogo-myru-bez-vidpovidalnosti-rosiyi-za-skoyeni-zlochyny-kaya-kallas/
Black Sea Grain Initiative: A week Ukrainian ports left 18 vessels
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/chornomorska-zernova-inicziatyva-za-tyzhden-ukrayinski-porty-pokynulo-18-suden/
Ukraine tries first and foremost to pick up seriously wounded, sick and women - coordinating headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/ukrayina-namagayetsya-peredusim-zabraty-vazhkoporanenyh-hvoryh-i-zhinok-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
With our help and weapons, Ukraine can win in the war - Indrek Kannik
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/z-nashoyu-dopomogoyu-ta-zbroyeyu-ukrayina-mozhe-peremogty-u-vijni-indrek-kannik/
15 years in prison received a traitor who was spying on the positions of the Armed Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/12/15-rokiv-tyurmy-otrymav-zradnyk-yakyj-shpyguvav-za-pozycziyamy-zs-ukrayiny/
Slovak President will sue the expression that called her a "American agent"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3708287-prezidentka-slovaccini-podast-do-sudu-na-ekspremera-akij-nazivav-ii-amerikanskim-agentom.html
Podolyak about the visit of a representative of the PRC: let's explain again - no compromise at the expense of territories
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3708547-podolak-pro-vizit-predstavnika-knr-poasnimo-se-raz-zodnogo-kompromisu-za-rahunok-teritorij.html
Podolyak about the visit of a representative of the PRC: let's explain again - no compromise at the expense of territories
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3708547-podolak-pro-vizit-predstavnika-knr-poasnimo-se-raz-zodnogo-kompromisu-za-rahunok-teritorij.html
Slovak President will sue the expression that called her a "American agent"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3708287-prezidentka-slovaccini-podast-do-sudu-na-ekspremera-akij-nazivav-ii-amerikanskim-agentom.html
Short. War. Day 443. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/13/korotko-vijna-den-443-videodajdzhest/
丹尼斯·安蒂波夫（Denis Antipov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/13/na-askoldovij-mogyli-u-kyyevi-vidkryly-memorialnu-doshku-denysu-antipovu/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====