乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-12

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

Switzerland will continue to help in the search work of missing persons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/shvejczariya-i-nadali-dopomagatyme-v-poshukovij-roboti-znyklyh-bezvisty-osib/
Ukrainian defenders dropped grenades directly on the heads of the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-skynuly-granaty-pryamo-na-golovy-okupantiv/
Canada has introduced additional sanctions to protect Ukrainian culture from Russian destruction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/kanada-zaprovadyla-dodatkovi-sankcziyi-dlya-zahystu-ukrayinskoyi-kultury-vid-znyshhennya-rosiyeyu/
Special Forces of the White Wolf unit showed how the invaders destroy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/speczpryznachenczi-pidrozdilu-bilyj-vovk-pokazaly-yak-nyshhat-okupantiv/
The enemy struck 92 and made 45 shellings from the RSLS
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/protyvnyk-zavdav-92-aviaczijnyh-udariv-ta-zdijsnyv-45-obstriliv-z-rszv/
Ukrainian air defense has destroyed 2 winged missiles and 20 shaped UAVs like
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/ukrayinska-ppo-znyshhyla-2-krylati-rakety-ta-20-udarnyh-bpla-typu-shahed/
Aviation of Defense Forces over the past day has made 16 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-mynulu-dobu-zavdala-16-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka-2/
Enemy loss per day: more than 900 invaders were eliminated, 19 artisystems and 17 tanks were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-ponad-900-okupantiv-znyshheno-19-artsystem-ta-17-tankiv/
Eliminated 8 new channels of escape of "bias" abroad
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/likvidovano-8-novyh-kanaliv-vtechi-uhylyantiv-za-kordon/
Kirill Budanov sometimes directly participates in special operations - Andrey Yusov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/kyrylo-budanov-inodi-bezposeredno-bere-uchast-u-speczoperacziyah-andrij-yusov/
The occupier acknowledged that the Russians were picking boats in the local population in Kherson region - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/okupant-vyznav-shho-rosiyany-vidbyraly-chovny-v-misczevogo-naselennya-na-hersonshhyni-perehoplennya-gur/
Among the mobilized Russian Federation increased cases of failure to comply with orders, sabotage, non -statutory relationships and desertion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/sered-mobilizovanyh-rf-pochastishaly-vypadky-nevykonannya-nakaziv-sabotazhu-nestatutnyh-vzayemyn-ta-dezertyrstva-genshtab/
Prince Edward has made a visit to the Ukrainian soldiers who are trained in the UK
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/pryncz-eduard-zdijsnyv-vizyt-do-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-yaki-prohodyat-pidgotovku-u-velykij-brytaniyi/
Near Bakhmut in a lane of "Cold" enemy stopped active assault actions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/bilya-bahmutu-u-smuzi-vidpovidalnosti-holodnoyarcziv-vorog-prypynyv-aktyvni-shturmovi-diyi/
Two "calibers" were used to strike the village near Kharkov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721900-dla-udaru-po-selisu-pid-harkovom-rosiani-vikoristali-dva-kalibri.html
In Chernivtsi before the 180th anniversary of the town hall was extinguished
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721897-u-cernivcah-do-180ricca-ratusi-pogasili-specmarku.html
ARMA is looking for managers for securities of Alfa-Bank's securities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721896-arma-sukae-upraviteliv-dla-cinnih-paperiv-alfabanku.html
In the sky over Mariupol observe high activity of Russian aviation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722006-u-nebi-nad-mariupolem-sposterigaut-visoku-aktivnist-rosijskoi-aviacii.html
Baiden Administration develops plans for UN reform -the Washington Post
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722005-administracia-bajdena-rozroblae-plani-sodo-reformi-oon-the-washington-post.html
In Ukraine tomorrow will be predominantly raining, in the afternoon up to +26 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721773-v-ukraini-zavtra-perevazno-dositime-vden-do-26.html
US collect data on the arrest of an American in
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722001-ssa-zbiraut-dani-pro-arest-amerikanca-v-rosii.html
In Luhansk region, invaders damaged 199 educational establishments
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721999-na-lugansini-zagarbniki-poskodili-199-zakladiv-osviti.html
Ukraine in the UN International Court of Justice: There are all facts to hold Russia to justice
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721996-ukraina-u-miznarodnomu-sudi-oon-e-vsi-fakti-abi-pritagnuti-rosiu-do-vidpovidalnosti.html
Duda: NATO Summit should bring clear decisions about Ukraine's membership in the Alliance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722007-duda-samit-nato-mae-prinesti-citki-risenna-pro-clenstvo-ukraini-v-alansi.html
Azerbaijan passed 20,000 liters of fuel for the needs of rescuers in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/azerbajdzhan-peredav-20-tysyach-litriv-palnogo-dlya-potreb-ryatuvalnykiv-na-hersonshhyni/
Ukraine expects the decision of the International Court of Justice of the UN will detect a violation of the Russian Federation of two conventions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722018-ukraina-ocikue-so-risenna-miznarodnogo-sudu-oon-viavit-porusenna-rf-dvoh-konvencij-korinevic.html
Ukraine's counter -offensive has been going on for many days, it is very carefully prepared - Macron
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722019-kontrnastup-ukraini-trivae-vze-bagato-dniv-vin-duze-retelno-pidgotovlenij-makron.html
The occupier tells about the lies on Rost on the defeat of the Armed Forces equipment - the interception
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/okupant-rozpovidaye-pro-brehnyu-na-tb-v-rf-shhodo-urazhennya-tehniky-zsu-gur/
Success at the front and stabilization of de -industrial territories: Zelensky held a meeting meeting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722021-uspihi-na-fronti-ta-stabilizacia-deokupovanih-teritorij-zelenskij-proviv-zasidanna-stavki.html
Moldova's army will hold third in the last months of reservists training
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721797-armia-moldovi-provede-treti-za-ostanni-misaci-navcanna-rezervistiv.html
On the seashore of Odessa, floods brought out 2 anchor river mines
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/na-morske-uzberezhzhya-odeshhyny-potokom-poveni-vyneslo-2-yakirni-richkovi-miny/
The President awarded the posthumous title
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722023-prezident-prisvoiv-posmertno-zvanna-geroa-ukraini-pidpolkovniku-sbu-vasilu-bogacu.html
Defense forces struck two enemy management points
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/syly-oborony-urazyly-dva-vorozhi-punkty-upravlinnya/
Zelensky announced new weapons support from international partners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722024-zelenskij-anonsuvav-novu-pidtrimku-zbroeu-vid-miznarodnih-partneriv.html
Iran denied negotiations with the US on nuclear agreement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721849-iran-sprostuvav-vedenna-peregovoriv-iz-ssa-sodo-adernoi-ugodi.html
In the Kyiv shelter "Exhibition Center" you can take the animals rescued from Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3721847-u-kiivskomu-pritulku-vistavkovij-centr-mozna-vzati-vratovanih-z-hersonsini-tvarin.html
Germany handed over to Mykolaiv region the Kärcher mobile water treatment station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721848-nimeccina-peredala-mikolaivsini-mobilnu-vodoocisnu-stanciu-karcher.html
Ukrzaliznytsia opened tickets to women's compartment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721851-ukrzaliznica-vidkrila-prodaz-kvitkiv-do-zinocih-kupe.html
Auctions on Prozorro. Sale have brought more than ₴ 3.5 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721852-aukcioni-na-prozorroprodazi-prinesli-vze-ponad-35-milarda.html
On the coast of Odesa region after the blasting of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, six mines were found
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721854-na-uzberezzi-odesini-pisla-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-viavili-vze-sist-min.html
The head of the IAEA told about plans during a visit to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721859-glava-magate-rozpoviv-pro-plani-pid-cas-vizitu-v-ukrainu.html
Putin through the mobilization of mostly indigenous peoples of the Russian Federation performs several tasks - political scientist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721855-putin-slahom-mobilizacii-perevazno-korinnih-narodiv-rf-vikonue-vidrazu-kilka-zavdan-politolog.html
About 13,000 people have already evacuated the Philippines because of the volcano eruption
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721857-na-filippinah-vze-evakuuvali-blizko-13-tisac-ludej-cerez-viverzenna-vulkana.html
Israel handed over humanitarian aid for the victims in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721862-izrail-peredav-gumanitarnu-dopomogu-dla-postrazdalih-na-hersonsini.html
About 63 thousand shelters have already been checked in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721863-v-ukraini-perevirili-vze-blizko-63-tisac-ukrittiv.html
In the center of the tallest city of Ukraine Rakhov was equipped with an alley of heroes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721864-u-centri-najvisokogirnisogo-mista-ukraini-rahova-oblastuvali-aleu-geroiv.html
Marchenko and Sachko went to the finals of Challenger's qualification in Bratislava
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721865-marcenko-i-sacko-vijsli-u-final-kvalifikacii-cellendzera-u-bratislavi.html
New Zealand TRC editor has written pro -Russian theses to news about Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721872-redaktor-trk-novoi-zelandii-dopisuvav-prorosijski-tezi-u-novini-pro-ukrainu.html
Moldova provided humanitarian aid to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721871-moldova-nadala-ukraini-gumanitarnu-dopomogu.html
700 tons of water were brought to Nikopol region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721875-na-nikopolsinu-zavezli-700-tonn-vodi.html
The enemy has struck the Air Force on Orykhov, is dead and wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721877-vorog-zavdav-aviaudaru-po-orihovu-e-zagiblij-ta-poranenij.html
Almost 30,000 Ukrainians have been involved in the Army of Restoration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3721880-do-armii-vidnovlenna-zalucili-vze-majze-30-tisac-ukrainciv.html
UkraineInvest will conduct an online forum on investment innovation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721882-ukraineinvest-provede-onlajnforum-z-investicijnih-innovacij.html
The death of cadets in Kharkiv: the head of the department was sent under house arrest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721884-zagibel-kursantiv-u-harkovi-nacalnika-kafedri-vidpravili-pid-domasnij-arest.html
In the Kherson region banned the summer wellness season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722025-na-hersonsini-zaboronili-litnij-ozdorovcij-sezon.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: about 17.6 thousand houses have been flooded in the Holopristan community
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721873-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-v-golopristanskij-gromadi-pidtopleni-blizko-176-tisaci-budinkiv.html
The enslaved peoples of the Russian Federation will sabotage mobilization in case of support of the event - Ingusian politician
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721886-ponevoleni-narodi-rf-sabotuvatimut-mobilizaciu-v-razi-pidtrimki-ukraini-i-zahodu-inguskij-politik.html
Water from Kherson's shipyard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721887-voda-z-korabelnogo-rajonu-hersona-potrohu-spadae.html
The Embassy of the Russian Federation was picketed in Washington - demanded to stop military crimes in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721888-u-vasingtoni-piketuvali-posolstvo-rf-vimagali-pripiniti-voenni-zlocini-v-ukraini.html
The Crimean MP was sentenced to 11 years in prison for the State Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3721891-deputata-z-krimu-zasudili-do-11-rokiv-uvaznenna-za-derzzradu.html
Dino Topmeller is the new head coach "Eintrachta"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721893-dino-topmeller-novij-golovnij-trener-ajntrahta.html
The Netherlands and Canada have filed a lawsuit against Syria to the UN International Court of Justice
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721894-niderlandi-ta-kanada-podali-pozov-proti-sirii-do-miznarodnogo-sudu-oon.html
ARMA is looking for managers for securities of Alfa-Bank's securities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721896-arma-sukae-upraviteliv-dla-cinnih-paperiv-alfabanku.html
In Chernivtsi before the 180th anniversary of the town hall was extinguished
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721897-u-cernivcah-do-180ricca-ratusi-pogasili-specmarku.html
Two "calibers" were used to strike the village near Kharkov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721900-dla-udaru-po-selisu-pid-harkovom-rosiani-vikoristali-dva-kalibri.html
Yagupova will continue his career in Turkish "Chukuchku"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721902-agupova-prodovzit-kareru-v-tureckomu-mersini.html
The gambling business intensified the payment of taxes after the Beb investigation has begun
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721903-gralnij-biznes-aktivizuvav-splatu-podatkiv-pisla-pocatku-rozsliduvanna-beb.html
Drone Army left the Russians without connection in the Swativ-Kupyan direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721904-armia-droniv-zalisila-rosian-bez-zvazku-na-svativskokupanskomu-napramku.html
Bukovina has transferred 250 tons of humanitarian aid to Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721905-bukovina-peredala-na-hersonsinu-vze-250-tonn-gumanitarnoi-dopomogi.html
Ombudsman's offices of Ukraine and the Russian Federation contributed to the return of about 40 Ukrainian children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721907-ofisi-ombudsmaniv-ukraini-ta-rf-spriali-povernennu-dodomu-blizko-40-ukrainskih-ditej.html
The Ukrainian military was captured by the Russian "FSBShnik"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721910-ukrainski-vijskovi-vzali-u-polon-rosijskogo-fsbsnika.html
Ukrainian Titans keep the front along the entire collision line
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/ukrayinski-tytany-yaki-trymayut-front-vzdovzh-usiyeyi-liniyi-zitknennya/
Air and Water Condition: Mindovquil has sent two mobile laboratories to Kherson
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721912-stan-povitra-i-vodi-mindovkilla-napravilo-do-hersona-dvi-mobilni-laboratorii.html
The US is preparing plans to evacuate their citizens with Taiwan in the experience of war in Ukraine - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721914-ssa-gotuut-plani-evakuacii-svoih-gromadan-iz-tajvanu-na-dosvidi-vijni-v-ukraini-zmi.html
The German team will sell t -shirts after a friendly match and will transfer funds to support Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721915-nimecka-zbirna-prodast-futbolki-pisla-tovariskogo-matcu-i-peredast-kosti-na-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
Russia brought to the Black Sea frigate with eight "caliber"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721916-rosia-vivela-u-corne-more-fregat-z-vismoma-kalibrami.html
From the Crimean Titan, the invaders export equipment - guerrillas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3721917-iz-krimskogo-titanu-zagarbniki-vivozat-obladnanna-partizani.html
Nikolaev's medical system is ready for potential increase in morbidity - MOH
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721919-medicna-sistema-mikolaeva-gotova-do-potencijnogo-zrostanna-zahvoruvanosti-moz.html
The Ministry of Energy and the European Commission have signed a work plan for 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721920-minenergo-i-evrokomisia-pidpisali-robocij-plan-na-2023-rik.html
China refutes Russia's transfer of armored vehicles for war in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721923-kitaj-sprostovue-peredacu-rosii-bronemasin-dla-vijni-v-ukraini.html
In Kherson, a prohibition of entry to the district of the ship is made
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721924-u-hersoni-vidzavtra-vvodat-zaboronu-na-vizd-do-rajonu-korabel.html
Ukraine and Brazil can start a new era of relations - OP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721926-ukraina-ta-brazilia-mozut-rozpocati-novu-eru-vidnosin-op.html
Lithuania will take a CHE-2024 out of figure skating
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721927-litva-prijmatime-ce2024-z-figurnogo-katanna.html
Biden will meet with Stoltenberg today - they will also talk about Ukraine's support
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721929-bajden-sogodni-zustrinetsa-zi-stoltenbergom-govoritimut-j-pro-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
The first in Ukraine patient with bone -used prostheses began to walk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721928-persij-v-ukraini-pacient-iz-vzivlenimi-u-kistki-protezami-pocav-hoditi.html
Storm flee from mobilization in Mongolia, and from there they go to the US - activist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721930-burati-tikaut-vid-mobilizacii-v-mongoliu-a-zvidti-pramuut-do-ssa-aktivistka.html
Russia cannot challenge the Scythian Gold Return to Ukraine - Ministry of Justice
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3722028-rosia-ne-moze-oskarziti-risenna-sodo-povernenna-skifskogo-zolota-ukraini-minust.html
The evacuation in Kherson region continues, but the urgent is almost complete - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721932-evakuacia-na-hersonsini-trivae-ale-terminova-majze-zaversena-ova.html
The government has expanded the list of mandatory administrative services in CNAPs for combatants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721934-urad-rozsiriv-perelik-obovazkovih-administrativnih-poslug-u-cnapah-dla-ucasnikiv-bojovih-dij.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
The movie "We will not go out" received the main prize at the Docudays UA contest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3721935-film-mi-ne-zgasnemo-otrimav-golovnij-priz-na-konkursi-docudays-ua.html
At the show of embroidery from Oksana Karavanskaya in the United States, more than $ 50 thousand for hospitals in Ukraine were collected
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3721936-na-pokazi-visivanok-vid-oksani-karavanskoi-v-ssa-zibrali-ponad-50-tisac-dla-ukrainskih-likaren.html
The court arrested a driver who knocked down a child in a bicycle in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3721937-sud-zaarestuvav-vodia-akij-zbiv-u-kievi-ditinu-na-velosipedi.html
Germany focuses on supplying Ukraine additional weapons - Scholz
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722030-nimeccina-zoseredzuetsa-na-postacanni-ukraini-dodatkovoi-zbroi-solc.html
SPMU plans to create a land bank and an investment real estate fund
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721939-fdmu-planue-stvoriti-zemelnij-bank-ta-fond-investicijnoi-neruhomosti.html
In the flooded settlements of Kherson region began to turn the light
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721940-u-pidtopleni-naseleni-punkti-hersonsini-pocali-povertati-svitlo.html
Defense forces destroyed the Russian helicopter Ka-52
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721943-ukrainski-vijskovi-znisili-rosijskij-vertolit-ka52.html
In Ukraine, due to unstable deliveries, strawberries went up - Eastfruit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721941-v-ukraini-cerez-nestabilni-postavki-podorozcala-polunica-eastfruit.html
Elena Zelenskaya met with heroes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721944-olena-zelenska-zustrilas-iz-ditmigeroami.html
Writer Elizabeth Gilbert canceled the exit of a novel whose events occur in
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3721947-pismennica-elizabet-gilbert-skasuvala-vihid-romanu-podii-akogo-vidbuvautsa-v-rosii.html
In Odessa, the first energy -dependent base station is tested
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3721948-na-odesini-testuut-persu-energonezaleznu-bazovu-stanciu.html
The losses of the reclamation system due to Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station reached ₴ 150 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721949-zbitki-meliorativnoi-sistemi-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-sagnuli-150-milardiv.html
Romanian Prime Minister resigned
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721950-premer-rumunii-podav-u-vidstavku.html
The Ukrainian national team is preparing in Lviv region for the European Championship among cadets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721951-zbirna-ukraini-z-dzudo-gotuetsa-na-lvivsini-do-cempionatu-evropi-sered-kadetiv.html
128 million losses: The court continued the arrest of the Expert Committee of the Verkhovna Rada by August
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721952-zbitki-na-128-miljoniv-sud-prodovziv-arest-eksgolovi-komitetu-vr-do-serpna.html
Learning Ukrainian pilots on F -16 can begin in the summer - the Ministry of Defense of the Netherlands
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721953-navcanna-ukrainskih-pilotiv-na-f16-moze-rozpocatisa-vlitku-minoboroni-niderlandiv.html
Vakarchuk thanked the Baykariv producer for the support of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3721956-na-koncerti-v-stambuli-gurt-okean-elzi-zaspivav-pisnu-drug-virobnikam-bajraktariv.html
Ukrainians have littered a "new mail" with parcels for the victims of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721962-ukrainci-zavalili-novu-postu-posilkami-dla-postrazdalih-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
In the Kherson region, the Russians hit the airbags in a dwelling house
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721960-na-hersonsini-rosiani-vlucili-aviabombami-v-zitlovij-budinok.html
The UOC MP has not yet handed over 79 objects in the Lavra - MKIP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722029-upc-mp-dosi-ne-peredala-kluci-vid-79-obektiv-u-kiivskij-lavri-mkip.html
The Russian military is unsuccessfully stepping in the Donetsk region and defending in the south
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721967-vijskovi-rf-bezuspisno-nastupaut-na-doneccini-j-oboronautsa-na-pivdni.html
Pavlograd check the quality of drinking water daily - there are no deviations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721963-u-pavlogradi-sodna-pereviraut-akist-pitnoi-vodi-vidhilen-nemae.html
In Kherson, two more people were killed because of flooding
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721964-u-hersoni-cerez-pidtoplenna-zaginuli-se-dvoe-ludej.html
154 people were evacuated from the Kalinov community in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722008-z-pidtoplenoi-kalinivskoi-gromadi-na-hersonsini-evakuuvali-154-osib.html
There were 25 combat clashes in Donetsk region per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/na-donechchyni-za-dobu-vidbulos-25-bojovyh-zitknen/
Ukraine is working on creating the Alliance of Defense Industries - Kuleba
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721972-ukraina-pracue-nad-stvorennam-alansu-oboronnih-industrij-kuleba.html
In the Bakhmut direction of the Armed Forces advanced from 250 to 700 meters - the Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721974-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-zsu-prosunulisa-vid-250-do-700-metriv-minoboroni.html
Ukraine in Hague: Russia continues to ignore two orders of the International Court of Justice of the UN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721978-ukraina-u-gaazi-rosia-prodovzue-ignoruvati-dva-nakazi-miznarodnogo-sudu-oon.html
In the assault units of the Russian Federation in the Luhansk region increased cases of desertion - the General Staff
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721975-u-sturmovih-pidrozdilah-rf-na-lugansini-zbilsilisa-vipadki-dezertirstva-genstab.html
Almost 170 animals were evacuated from Kherson region to Lviv to Lviv to Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721976-z-hersonsini-do-lvova-evakuuvali-majze-170-tvarin.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Kuleba stated that Western media was caused by Ukraine to great damage
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721977-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-kuleba-zaaviv-so-pomilka-zahidnih-zmi-zavdala-ukraini-velikoi-skodi.html
Ukrainians won the Swiss stage of the world tour in beach volleyball
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721979-ukrainki-vigrali-svejcarskij-etap-svitovogo-turu-z-plaznogo-volejbolu.html
Mariupol Theater showed a performance at a festival in Romania
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3721981-mariupolskij-teatr-pokazav-vistavu-na-festivali-u-rumunii.html
In the USA there was a collapse on one of the main highways of the east coast
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721982-u-ssa-stavsa-obval-na-odnij-iz-golovnih-avtomagistralej-shidnogo-uzberezza.html
Ukraine in the UN International Court of Justice: Russia has introduced racial discrimination in Crimea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3721983-ukraina-u-miznarodnomu-sudi-oon-rosia-zaprovadila-rezim-rasovoi-diskriminacii-v-krimu.html
A explosion occurred on the rest of the Russians captured by the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721985-na-zahoplenij-rosianami-bazi-vidpocinku-u-primorsku-stavsa-vibuh.html
States do not have information about the transfer of arms of the Russian Federation - Blinken
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721988-stati-ne-maut-informacii-pro-peredanna-kitaem-ozbroen-rf-blinken.html
11 people were evacuated from Donetsk villages liberated in the last days of Donetsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721989-iz-vizvolenih-za-ostanni-dni-sil-doneccini-evakuuvali-11-ludej.html
Ukraine has played a draw in a control match with Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721992-zbirna-ukraini-zabila-nimeccini-3-maci-zigravsi-vniciu-u-kontrolnomu-matci.html
Humanitarian aid for Kherson region has already allocated 19 countries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721993-gumanitarnu-dopomogu-dla-hersonsini-vze-vidilili-19-krain.html
The Armed Forces released seven settlements - Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721995-zsu-za-tizden-zvilnili-sim-naselenih-punktiv-minoboroni.html
Ukraine in the UN International Court of Justice: There are all facts to hold Russia to justice
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721996-ukraina-u-miznarodnomu-sudi-oon-e-vsi-fakti-abi-pritagnuti-rosiu-do-vidpovidalnosti.html
In Luhansk region, invaders damaged 199 educational establishments
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721999-na-lugansini-zagarbniki-poskodili-199-zakladiv-osviti.html
US collect data on the arrest of an American in
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722001-ssa-zbiraut-dani-pro-arest-amerikanca-v-rosii.html
In Ukraine tomorrow will be predominantly raining, in the afternoon up to +26 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721773-v-ukraini-zavtra-perevazno-dositime-vden-do-26.html
Baiden Administration develops plans for UN reform -the Washington Post
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722005-administracia-bajdena-rozroblae-plani-sodo-reformi-oon-the-washington-post.html
In the sky over Mariupol observe high activity of Russian aviation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722006-u-nebi-nad-mariupolem-sposterigaut-visoku-aktivnist-rosijskoi-aviacii.html
Duda: NATO Summit should bring clear decisions about Ukraine's membership in the Alliance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722007-duda-samit-nato-mae-prinesti-citki-risenna-pro-clenstvo-ukraini-v-alansi.html
154 people were evacuated from the Kalinov community in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722008-z-pidtoplenoi-kalinivskoi-gromadi-na-hersonsini-evakuuvali-154-osib.html
Alexei Reznikov commented on the expectations of Ukraine from the next meeting of the group in Ramstein format
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/oleksij-reznikov-dav-komentar-shhodo-ochikuvan-ukrayiny-vid-chergovogo-zasidannya-grupy-u-formati-ramshtajn/
Blinken announced a powerful package of political and practical support to Ukraine at NATO summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722011-blinken-anonsuvav-potuznij-paket-politicnoi-i-prakticnoi-pidtrimki-ukraini-na-samiti-nato.html
Rehabilitation center for wounded soldiers in the Dnieper should be done by the end of the year - Ryzhenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722012-reabilitacijnij-centr-dla-poranenih-bijciv-u-dnipri-treba-zrobiti-do-kinca-roku-rizenko.html
Zolotaryova in the UN International Court of Justice: Truth on our side
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722013-zolotarova-u-miznarodnomu-sudi-oon-pravda-na-nasij-storoni.html
The White House announced a new military assistance package to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722014-bilij-dim-anonsuvav-novij-paket-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
The Armed Forces took control of 16 km² in the Bakhmut direction - the Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722015-zsu-vzali-pid-kontrol-16-km-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-minoboroni.html
Rebrov: Ukraine had to score more Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3722016-rebrov-ukraina-mala-zabivati-bilse-nimeccini.html
Zelensky: The strength of our warriors gives the result and I thank everyone who is in battle right now
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722017-zelenskij-micnist-nasih-voiniv-dae-rezultat-i-a-dakuu-koznomu-hto-zaraz-u-bou.html
Ukraine expects the decision of the International Court of Justice of the UN will detect a violation of the Russian Federation of two conventions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722018-ukraina-ocikue-so-risenna-miznarodnogo-sudu-oon-viavit-porusenna-rf-dvoh-konvencij-korinevic.html
Ukraine's counter -offensive has been going on for many days, it is very carefully prepared - Macron
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722019-kontrnastup-ukraini-trivae-vze-bagato-dniv-vin-duze-retelno-pidgotovlenij-makron.html
Success at the front and stabilization of de -industrial territories: Zelensky held a meeting meeting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722021-uspihi-na-fronti-ta-stabilizacia-deokupovanih-teritorij-zelenskij-proviv-zasidanna-stavki.html
Moldova's army will hold third in the last months of reservists training
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721797-armia-moldovi-provede-treti-za-ostanni-misaci-navcanna-rezervistiv.html
The President awarded the posthumous title
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722023-prezident-prisvoiv-posmertno-zvanna-geroa-ukraini-pidpolkovniku-sbu-vasilu-bogacu.html
Zelensky announced new weapons support from international partners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722024-zelenskij-anonsuvav-novu-pidtrimku-zbroeu-vid-miznarodnih-partneriv.html
In the Kherson region banned the summer wellness season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722025-na-hersonsini-zaboronili-litnij-ozdorovcij-sezon.html
Russia cannot challenge the Scythian Gold Return to Ukraine - Ministry of Justice
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3722028-rosia-ne-moze-oskarziti-risenna-sodo-povernenna-skifskogo-zolota-ukraini-minust.html
The UOC MP has not yet handed over 79 objects in the Lavra - MKIP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722029-upc-mp-dosi-ne-peredala-kluci-vid-79-obektiv-u-kiivskij-lavri-mkip.html
Germany focuses on supplying Ukraine additional weapons - Scholz
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722030-nimeccina-zoseredzuetsa-na-postacanni-ukraini-dodatkovoi-zbroi-solc.html
Ukrainian warriors liberated another settlement - Stonezh
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/ukrayinski-voyiny-zvilnyly-shhe-odyn-naselenyj-punkt-storozheve/
Defense forces per day eliminated more than 500 invaders, destroyed 5 tanks and 10 artistem
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-ponad-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-5-tankiv-i-10-artsystem/
In Kherson, the water level decreased by 64 cm - the headquarters to eliminate the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/u-hersoni-za-piv-doby-riven-vody-zmenshyvsya-na-64sm-shtab-z-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
Ukrainian pyrotechnics per day were neutralized over 120 ammunition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/ukrayinski-pirotehniky-za-dobu-zneshkodyly-ponad-120-boyeprypasiv/
In Greece, the Sailing World Sports Championships started among military personnel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/u-grecziyi-startuvav-chempionat-svitu-z-vitrylnogo-sportu-sered-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
More than 70% of water flowed from the Kakhovka reservoir
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/z-kahovskogo-vodoshovyshha-vyteklo-ponad-70-vody/
In Lithuania, large -scale training "Storm Blow - 2023" has been completed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/u-lytvi-zavershylys-masshtabni-navchannya-shtormovyj-udar-2023/
As a result of the shelling of settlements of Ukraine, 4 civilians were killed by the army of the Russian Federation, 16 were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/vnaslidok-obstriliv-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-armiyeyu-rf-zagynulo-4-czyvilni-osoby-16-poraneno/
Blinken announced a powerful package of political and practical support to Ukraine at NATO summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722011-blinken-anonsuvav-potuznij-paket-politicnoi-i-prakticnoi-pidtrimki-ukraini-na-samiti-nato.html
The development of cybersecurity capabilities is one of the key priorities of MOU-Vitaliy Deynega participated in the Cyber Dalogau Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/rozbudova-spromozhnostej-kiberbezpeky-ye-odnym-iz-klyuchovyh-priorytetiv-mou-vitalij-dejnega-vzyav-uchast-u-zasidanni-kiberdialogu-ukrayina-ssha/
Gur warns: Russia is preparing a man -made disaster in a temporarily occupied Crimea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/gur-poperedzhaye-rosiya-gotuye-tehnogennu-katastrofu-v-tymchasovo-okupovanomu-krymu/
The war goes into the automation stage - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/vijna-perehodyt-u-stadiyu-avtomatyzacziyi-yurij-ignat/
June 13 - Round Table "How to restore soils after fighting and catastrophe on Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants?"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/13-chervnya-kruglyj-stil-yak-vidnovlyuvaty-grunty-pislya-bojovyh-dij-ta-katastrofy-na-kahovskij-ges/
Almost 93 thousand military crimes have documented the Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/majzhe-93-tysyachi-voyennyh-zlochyniv-zadokumentuvav-ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny/
Rehabilitation center for wounded soldiers in the Dnieper should be done by the end of the year - Ryzhenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722012-reabilitacijnij-centr-dla-poranenih-bijciv-u-dnipri-treba-zrobiti-do-kinca-roku-rizenko.html
The families of captive Terroborons talked with the representatives of the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/rodyny-polonenyh-teroboronivcziv-pospilkuvalysya-z-predstavnykamy-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu/
Kherson will extend the curfew
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/u-hersoni-podovzhat-komendantsku-godynu/
"The main purpose of the Kakhovsky Dam is to disrupt the offensive of the Ukrainian defense forces" - Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/osnovna-meta-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-damby-zirvaty-nastup-ukrayinskyh-syl-oborony-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
How to protect from cholera - clarification
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/yak-hersonczyam-uberegtysya-vid-holery-rozyasnennya/
The occupiers fired by rescuers during the evacuation of the victims as a result of the blasting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/okupanty-obstrilyuyut-ryatuvalnykiv-pid-chas-evakuacziyi-postrazhdalyh-vnaslidok-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
General Staff showed how the soldiers of a separate mechanized brigade train
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/genshtab-pokazav-yak-trenuyutsya-voyiny-okremoyi-mehanizovanoyi-brygady/
As a result of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, 10 people were killed, 42 people are considered missing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/vnaslidok-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-zagynulo-10-osib-42-osoby-vvazhayutsya-znyklymy-bezvisty/
In the occupiers' hospitals lacks places and large mortality rates among severely wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/u-gospitalyah-okupantiv-brakuye-misczya-ta-velyki-pokaznyky-smertnosti-sered-vazhkoporanenyh/
Zolotaryova in the UN International Court of Justice: Truth on our side
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722013-zolotarova-u-miznarodnomu-sudi-oon-pravda-na-nasij-storoni.html
It is almost impossible to cause critical damage to the Kiev hydroelectric power station - Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/zavdaty-raketamy-krytychnyh-poshkodzhen-kyyivskij-ges-praktychno-nemozhlyvo-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
At five in the morning the racists fired at Kherson again - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/o-pyatij-ranku-rashysty-znovu-obstrilyaly-herson-nataliya-gumenyuk/
Air Defender 2023: Germany starts the largest in NATO history of aviation training
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/air-defender-2023-u-nimechchyni-startuyut-najbilshi-v-istoriyi-nato-navchannya-aviacziyi/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Since the beginning of a large -scale invasion of Russian captivity, 2526 Ukrainians have been released - President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnogo-vtorgnennya-z-rosijskogo-polonu-zvilneno-2526-ukrayincziv-prezydent/
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: 3 704 residents of Kherson and Mykolaiv region were evacuated
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-evakujovano-3-704-zhyteliv-hersonshhyny-ta-mykolayivshhyny/
A third of the territory of Ukraine is potentially polluted by mines - Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/tretyna-terytoriyi-ukrayiny-potenczijno-zabrudnena-minamy-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
At night, the invaders from the barrel artillery and mortars fired at the border of Sumy and Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/vnochi-okupanty-zi-stvolnoyi-artyleriyi-i-minometiv-obstrilyaly-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-i-chernigivshhyny/
After a unique surgery with the use of a bone prosthesis, the military started walking
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/pislya-unikalnoyi-operacziyi-iz-vzhyvlennyam-u-kistku-proteza-vijskovyj-pochav-hodyty/
The Visegrad Four Defense Ministers hold a meeting in Slovakia, the main topics are support for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/ministry-oborony-vyshegradskoyi-chetvirky-provodyat-zustrich-u-slovachchyni-sered-golovnyh-tem-pidtrymka-ukrayiny/
The White House announced a new military assistance package to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722014-bilij-dim-anonsuvav-novij-paket-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
A medical partnership with Canada will spread through a new common project
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/medychne-partnerstvo-z-kanadoyu-poshyryuvatymetsya-cherez-novyj-spilnyj-proyekt/
In the Bakhmut direction on the flanks, our military went from 250 to 700 meters, thus moving the enemy - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-na-flangah-nashi-vijskovi-projshly-vid-250-do-700-metriv-posunuvshy-tym-samym-voroga-sergij-cherevatyj/
The PACE requires the Russian Federation to comply with international humanitarian law on Ukrainian prisoners of war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/u-parye-vymagayut-vid-rf-dotrymannya-norm-mizhnarodnogo-gumanitarnogo-prava-shhodo-ukrayinskyh-vijskovopolonenyh/
The invaders have blown up the reservoir dam in the Zaporozhye region, there is flooding
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/okupanty-pidirvaly-dambu-vodoshovyshha-u-zaporizkij-oblasti-ye-zatoplennya/
Pam ’ Naza and Victory over Nazism in Ukraine will be celebrated on May 8: President signed the law
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/den-pamyati-ta-peremogy-nad-naczyzmom-v-ukrayini-vidznachatymut-8-travnya-prezydent-pidpysav-zakon/
The Russians were preparing undermining the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station at the legislative level - Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/rosiyany-gotuvaly-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-na-zakonodavchomu-rivni-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
Shot Ukrainian prisoners for refusing to communicate with him in Russian: reported suspicion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/rozstrilyav-ukrayinskyh-polonenyh-za-vidmovu-spilkuvatysya-z-nym-rosijskoyu-povidomleno-pro-pidozru-komandyru-rosgvardiyi/
In the Black Sea waters on duty of three ships of Rosarmia, carriers of "Caliber" missiles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/v-akvatoriyi-chornogo-morya-na-cherguvannya-try-korabli-rosarmiyi-nosiyiv-raket-kalibr-nemaye/
The CEO of the IAEA went to Ukraine to assess the situation for the ZPP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/gendyrektor-magate-vyrushyv-v-ukrayinu-shhob-oczinyt-sytuacziyu-na-zaes/
Russia has recognized its own inability to keep the captured territory - Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/rosiya-vyznala-vlasnu-nespromozhnist-utrymaty-zahoplenu-terytoriyu-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
The Armed Forces took control of 16 km² in the Bakhmut direction - the Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722015-zsu-vzali-pid-kontrol-16-km-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-minoboroni.html
Canadian Project "Support for Injury": In Kiev, psychiatrists and psychologists of the Armed Forces are taught
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/kanadskyj-proyekt-pidtrymka-travmy-u-kyyevi-navchayut-psyhiatriv-ta-psyhologiv-zsu/
Using Kakhovsk hydroelectric power plant, Russia used a man -made disaster as weapons - Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/pidirvavshy-kahovsku-ges-rosiya-vykorystala-tehnogennu-katastrofu-yak-zbroyu-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
In Kiev there was a charity race of Major Alexei Chubashev's memory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/u-kyyevi-vidbuvsya-blagodijnyj-zabig-pam%ca%bcyati-majora-oleksiya-chubasheva/
Kharkiv was detained by a Russian agent who was spying on the positions of defense forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/u-harkovi-zatrymano-rosijskogo-agenta-yakyj-shpyguvav-za-pozycziyamy-syl-oborony/
The level of rocket threat is high: the Russian Federation brought to the Black Sea a frigate with eight "calibra"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/riven-raketnoyi-zagrozy-vysokyj-rf-vyvela-u-chorne-more-fregat-iz-vismoma-kalibramy/
At the beginning of the war, the enemy had a great quantitative advantage, about 1 to 7 - Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/na-pochatku-vijny-u-protyvnyka-bula-velyka-kilkisna-prevaga-pryblyzno-1-do-7-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
The Armed Forces soldiers knocked down the Russian battle helicopter KA-52
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/voyiny-zsu-zbyly-rosijskyj-bojovyj-vertolit-ka-52/
The losses of Ukraine through the Russian terrorist attack on the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station exceeded an amount of one and a half billion euros
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/zbytky-ukrayiny-cherez-rosijskyj-terakt-na-kahovskij-ges-perevyshhyly-sumu-v-pivtora-milyardy-yevro/
In Kherson region, occupiers evacuate Ukrainian citizens after receiving a bribe
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/na-hersonshhyni-okupanty-evakuyuyut-gromadyan-ukrayiny-pislya-otrymannya-habarya/
In Vinnitsa, a pro -Russian bot farm was eliminated, which created up to 500 fake accounts daily
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/u-vinnyczi-likviduvaly-prorosijsku-botofermu-yaka-shhodnya-stvoryuvala-do-500-fejkovyh-akauntiv/
The Brigade of the Prince Ostrozky brigade came
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/do-voyiniv-brygady-imeni-knyazya-ostrozkogo-zavitav-kulturnyj-desant/
Rebrov: Ukraine had to score more Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3722016-rebrov-ukraina-mala-zabivati-bilse-nimeccini.html
Ukrainian aviation has inflicted eight blows on the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/ukrayinska-aviacziya-zavdala-visim-udariv-po-vorogu/
Kherson is introduced restrictions on moving the flooded neighborhood of a ship
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/z-13-chervnya-do-zatoplenogo-mikrorajonu-korabel-hersona-bude-zaboroneno-vyizd/
Undermining Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: the number of dead increased to ten people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-kilkist-zagyblyh-zbilshylasya-do-desyaty-osib/
The enemy focuses on four directions, there took place 23 combat clashes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/vorog-zoseredzhuye-zusyllya-na-chotyroh-napryamkah-tam-vidbulos-23-zitknennya/
Last week of the Armed Forces, 7 settlements were released - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/za-mynulyj-tyzhden-zsu-zvilnyly-7-naselenyh-punktiv-ganna-malyar/
Alexei Reznikov discussed with the Minister of Defense of Estonia strengthening the defense capability of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/oleksij-reznikov-obgovoryv-iz-ministrom-oborony-estoniyi-zmicznennya-oboronozdatnosti-zsu/
Before Ramstay, Alexei Reznikov “Verified Watches” with Luxembourg Defense Minister
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/pered-ramshtajnom-oleksij-reznikov-zviryv-godynnyky-z-ministrom-oborony-lyuksemburgu/
DBR handed over to the armed forces a car worth more than $ 1.1 million
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/dbr-peredalo-zbrojnym-sylam-areshtovani-avto-vartistyu-ponad-1-mln/
Anna Malyar about the situation in the Bakhmut direction: our troops took control of 16 sqm
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/ganna-malyar-pro-sytuacziyu-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-nashi-vijska-vzyaly-pid-kontrol-16-kv-km/
President held a meeting of the rate: the loss of the enemy as we need
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/prezydent-proviv-zasidannya-stavky-vtraty-u-voroga-taki-yak-nam-potribno/
Zelensky: The strength of our warriors gives the result and I thank everyone who is in battle right now
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722017-zelenskij-micnist-nasih-voiniv-dae-rezultat-i-a-dakuu-koznomu-hto-zaraz-u-bou.html
India and Pakistan prepare for a powerful cyclone, thousands of people plan to evacuate
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721997-india-ta-pakistan-gotuutsa-do-potuznogo-ciklonu-tisaci-ludej-planuut-evakuuvati.html
India and Pakistan prepare for a powerful cyclone, thousands of people plan to evacuate
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721997-india-ta-pakistan-gotuutsa-do-potuznogo-ciklonu-tisaci-ludej-planuut-evakuuvati.html
The US continued for a year sanctions against Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722031-ssa-prodovzili-na-rik-sankcii-proti-bilorusi.html
The SBU eliminated a bot farm that created up to 500 accounts for a "overclocking" daily
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721738-sbu-likviduvala-botofermu-aka-sodna-stvoruvala-do-500-akauntiv-dla-rozgonu-narativiv-kremla.html
The Armed Forces partially left the occupiers without connection in the Swativ-Kupyan direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/zsu-chastkovo-zalyshyly-okupantiv-bez-zvyazku-na-svativsko-kupyanskomu-napryamku/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====