乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-04-22

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Caurus Directory Russia Army Shellled Krasche Perche, NovoMilnsk, Yardnica, West Ande ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4550
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Stelmakhivka, Nevske, Dibrova and Bilohorivka of Luha...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4551
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Minkivka, Zaliznyanske, Orikhovo-Basil ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4552
JSC Avdiivka Directioz Rusyan Army Shelled Ceramics, Steppe, Kamyanka, Tonne, Severe, K ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4553
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, Maximilyanivka, St. George, Marie ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4554
JSC Shaktarske Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novoukrainka, Greater Novosilka, Golden Niva, PR ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4555
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Olhivske, Malynivka, Orikhiv, Nov...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4556
Ukrainian air defense shot down 8 of 12 Shahed drones overnight, reportedly there are hits in...
https://t.me/channel24_ua/85301
Explosive drone crashed near Guevo village of Kursk region
https://t.me/rusbrief/110832
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(20:21). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43534
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(20:22). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43535
Donetsk Oblast(21:02). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43536
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(21:07). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43539
Poltavska Oblast(21:27). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43540
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(23:06). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24097
Donetsk Oblast, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(23:07). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sound...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43547
Sumy region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region (00:00). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding. ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43553
Chernihivska Oblast(00:04). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/17823
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(00:46). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43556
The mangush taxpayers who collect "tribute" for the occupiers - DBR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/vykryto-podatkivcziv-z-mangusha-yaki-zbyrayut-danynu-dlya-okupantiv-dbr/
American senators and congressmen have submitted a resolution that condemns Russia's abduction of Ukrainian children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/amerykanski-senatory-ta-kongresmeny-podaly-rezolyucziyu-yaka-zasudzhuye-vykradennya-rosiyeyu-ukrayinskyh-ditej/
Our defenders will be able to apply their military skills in civilian life - Ministry of Veterans
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/nashi-zahysnyky-matymut-zmogu-zastosovuvaty-svoyi-vijskovi-navychky-u-czyvilnomu-zhytti-minveteraniv/
From Bakhmut "Wagnerivtsi" forcibly deported children - the office of the Prosecutor General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/iz-bahmutu-vagnerivczi-prymusovo-deportuvaly-ditej-ofis-genprokurora/
More than 110 athletes took part in fencing competitions at the CSC of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/ponad-110-sportsmeniv-vzyaly-uchast-u-zmagannyah-z-fehtuvannya-na-bazi-czsk-zsu/
Belarusian volunteers continue to defend Ukraine - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/biloruski-dobrovolczi-prodovzhuyut-zahyshhaty-ukrayinu-gur/
Representatives of the Security Sector of Ukraine, the USA, Norway and Estonia discussed the counteraction to cyber threats
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/predstavnyky-sektoru-bezpeky-ukrayiny-ssha-norvegiyi-ta-estoniyi-obgovoryly-protydiyu-kiberzagrozam/
Our aviation during the day struck six blows on the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/nasha-aviacziya-protyagom-doby-zavdala-shist-udariv-po-vorogu-3/
The General Staff of the Armed Forces reported about the number of shaped Russian "shamed"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/cziyeyi-nochi-rashysty-zastosuvaly-blyzko-10-bpla-typu-shahed-136/
The Armed Forces reflected more than 60 invaders attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/zsu-vidbyly-ponad-60-atak-okupantiv/
I will put any post on the Internet, by accident, I will press somewhere-I will come to me-intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/post-v-interneti-vystavlyu-yakyj-nebud-vypadkovo-lajk-des-natysnu-do-mene-v-gosti-pryyidut-perehoplennya-gur/
Defense forces eliminated more than 600 invaders, destroyed 8 UAVs and 6 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/syly-oborony-likviduvaly-ponad-600-okupantiv-znyshhyly-8-bpla-ta-6-bbm/
The coordination headquarters took place with the Marines Families
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-iz-rodynamy-morpihiv/
Presidents of the United States and France have conducted a telephone conversation - confirmed the adamant support of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/prezydenty-ssha-ta-francziyi-provely-telefonnu-rozmovu-pidtverdyly-nepohytnu-pidtrymku-ukrayiny/
The Armed Forces of the Armed Forces have destroyed 8 Shahd-136/131 at night
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/syly-ppo-zsu-vnochi-znyshhyly-8-shahed-136-131/
Ramstin's participants in the year provided Ukraine with $ 55 billion safety assistance - Lloyd Austin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/21/uchasnyky-ramshtajnu-za-rik-nadaly-ukrayini-55-milyardiv-bezpekovoyi-dopomogy-llojd-ostin/
Real won Celt
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699434-real-peremig-seltu-u-matci-ispanskoi-la-ligi.html
JSC Shaktarske Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Color, Novoukrainka, Golden Niva, Great ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4564
The President put the NSDC decision on a number of individuals and legal entities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699292-prezident-vviv-u-diu-risenna-rnbo-pro-sankcii-proti-radu-fizicnih-ta-uridicnih-osib.html
The enemy fired at five communities of Sumy region in a day - 64 "arrivals"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699422-vorog-za-dobu-obstrilav-pat-gromad-sumsini-64-priloti.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Olhivske, Pavlivka, Malynivka, Hu...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4565
The EU is preparing to ban the transit of many goods by the territory of Russia - Bloomberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699431-es-gotuetsa-zaboroniti-tranzit-bagatoh-tovariv-teritorieu-rosii-bloomberg.html
The Ukrainian House will show the theatrical performance "Azovstal. Voice ”
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3699430-v-ukrainskomu-domi-pokazut-teatralnu-vistavu-azovstal-golosi.html
The Russians hit Kharkiv region C-300 rockets: at least five hits
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699428-rosiani-vdarili-po-harkivsini-raketami-s300-sonajmense-5-vlucan.html
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Krasno Pershe, Novomolinsk, Dvorichny, West, Cat ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4559
Marines showed the destruction of the Russian tank
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699425-morski-pihotinci-pokazali-znisenna-rosijskogo-tanka.html
IAEA has released a report on the situation at the Zaporozhye NPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699424-magate-opriludnilo-zvit-sodo-situacii-na-zaporizkij-aes.html
The invaders are firing Kharkiv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699423-ziteliv-harkivsini-poperedzaut-pro-vorozi-udari.html
Brazil President on the invasion of the Russian Federation into Ukraine: "I want to find a third alternative"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699419-prezident-brazilii-pro-vtorgnenna-rf-v-ukrainu-hocu-znajti-tretu-alternativu.html
Global work on the restriction of the Russian atomic industry - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699420-pocalas-globalna-robota-z-obmezenna-rosijskoi-atomnoi-galuzi-zelenskij.html
Ukrainian Manevskaya became a silver medalist of the European weightlifting championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699416-ukrainka-manevska-stala-sribnou-prizerkou-cempionatu-evropi-z-vazkoi-atletiki.html
In the UN Council on Monday there will be a debate under the chairmanship of Lavrov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699417-u-radbezi-oon-u-ponedilok-vidbudutsa-debati-pid-golovuvannam-lavrova.html
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Estonia and Latvia will summon Chinese diplomats through statements by the People's Republic of China to France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699418-u-mzs-estonii-ta-latvii-viklicut-kitajskih-diplomativ-cerez-zaavi-posla-knr-u-francii.html
The more tougher sanctions against the Russian Federation, the faster the completion of aggression - the president
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699413-cim-zorstkisi-sankcii-proti-rf-tim-svidsim-bude-zaversenna-agresii-prezident.html
AT LIMAN DIRETIIN RUSSIAN Army Shelled Stelmakhivka, Makeevka, Nezek, Dibrova And Bilohori ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4560
US upgrade f/a-18 fighters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699414-ssa-modernizuut-vinisuvaci-fa18.html
Validolide beat Tsigankov's "Laigon" in the match of La League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699409-valadolid-obigrav-zironu-cigankova-u-matci-la-ligi.html
Zelensky: Our task is to remove any opportunities for Russia to bypass sanctions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699410-zelenskij-nase-zavdanna-pribrati-budaki-mozlivosti-rosii-obhoditi-sankcii.html
Lucescu goes to the hospital, Dynamo will control Shovkovsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699404-lucesku-jde-na-likarnanij-dinamo-keruvatime-sovkovskij.html
Reznikov discussed with Wallace further training of Ukrainian military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699403-reznikov-obgovoriv-z-vollesom-podalse-navcanna-ukrainskih-vijskovih.html
In Mali there was a triple terrorist attack - nine dead and over 60 wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699397-u-mali-stavsa-potrijnij-terakt-devatero-zagiblih-i-ponad-60-poranenih.html
Manchester City defeated "Sheffield United" and will play in the Final of the Cup of England
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699396-mancester-siti-rozgromiv-seffld-unajted-i-zigrae-u-finali-kubka-anglii.html
Defense forces knocked down Russian Mi-24
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699395-sili-oboroni-zbili-rosijskij-mi24.html
Japan gives the World Bank $ 471 million to rebuild Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3699394-aponia-dae-svitovomu-banku-471-miljon-dla-vidbudovi-ukraini.html
Professor from Canada was condemned in absentia for life in Paris in 1980
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699391-profesora-z-kanadi-zaocno-zasudili-na-dovicne-za-terakt-u-parizi-1980-roku.html
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Rozdolivka, Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomark ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4561
The Russian military fired a park in Kherson, there is a wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699389-vijskovi-rf-obstrilali-park-u-hersoni-e-poranenij.html
Ukraine needs 10 times more weapons to end the war this year - the Foreign Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699388-ukraini-potribno-u-10-raziv-bilse-zbroi-sob-zakinciti-vijnu-cogoric-mzs.html
Ukrainian Filchakov reached the finals of the European Championship in Greco-Roman Wrestling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699386-ukrainec-filcakov-vijsov-u-final-cempionatu-evropi-z-grekorimskoi-borotbi.html
In Kherson region, a civilian died through Russian explosive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699384-na-hersonsini-cerez-rosijsku-vibuhivku-zaginuv-civilnij.html
JSC Avdiivka Directiones Rusian Army Shelled Novokalin, Steppe, Avdiivka, Tonyne, First ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4562
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Krasnohorivka, Maryinka, Pobyeda and Novomykhayliv...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4563
1 person killed as result of shelling in Ocheretyne
https://t.me/pavlokyrylenko_donoda/7651
3 villages in Kursk region without power as result of shelling
https://t.me/interfaxonline/31563
Russian Su-35 conducted air strike at Orlykivka village of Chernihiv region overnight
https://t.me/liganet/26437
Air defense was active in Crimea, - according to occupation authorities
https://t.me/bbbreaking/153559
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Leonivka and Hremyach of ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4558
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4566
Evacuation of district in Belgorod, due to explosive device(a bomb) found on the site of Su-3...
https://t.me/rusbrief/111157
Ukrainian Yulia Starodubtseva stopped at the Quarter Finals of the ITF tournament in the United States
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699173-ukrainka-ulia-starodubceva-zupinilasa-u-cvertfinalu-turniru-itf-u-ssa.html
The memory of the National Guard Dmitry Neumat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696187-pamati-nacgvardijca-dmitra-nejmata.html
Ukraine has introduced the Irish company Peninsula Petroleum to the list of sponsors of war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699174-ukraina-vnesla-irlandsku-kompaniu-peninsula-petroleum-do-pereliku-sponsoriv-vijni.html
The rivals of Ukrainian women at the stage of the 3x3 basketball series were determined
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699178-viznacilisa-supernici-ukrainok-na-etapi-svitovoi-serii-z-basketbolu-3h3.html
In the Donetsk region a man was killed in a day as a result of Russian shelling, two more were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699179-na-doneccini-za-dobu-vnaslidok-obstriliv-rf-zaginula-ludina-se-dvoe-poraneni.html
The Russians dumped a managed bomb at the Chernihiv region at night
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699183-rosiani-vnoci-skinuli-kerovanu-bombu-na-cernigivsinu.html
Russians keep two submarines with "caliber" in the Black Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699184-rosiani-trimaut-u-cornomu-mori-dva-pidvodnih-covni-z-kalibrami.html
Denmark and Sweden fighters for the first time jointly accompanied the Russian plane over the Baltic Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699185-vinisuvaci-danii-ta-svecii-vperse-spilno-suprovodzuvali-rosijskij-litak-nad-baltijskim-morem.html
The Russian army injured 949 children in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699188-rosijska-armia-poranila-v-ukraini-949-ditej.html
In anticipation of the counter -offensive, the invaders intensified the inspections of Ukrainians in Energodar
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699190-v-ocikuvanni-kontrnastupu-zagarbniki-posilili-perevirki-ukrainciv-v-energodari.html
The enemy in the morning fired at the community in Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699196-vorog-zranku-dvici-obstrilav-gromadu-na-sumsini.html
Football: On Saturday, the 3rd round of the second stage of the First League of Ukraine starts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699197-futbol-u-subotu-startue-3j-tur-drugogo-etapu-persoi-ligi-ukraini.html
In Colombia as a result of an explosion at the mine killed seven miners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699204-u-kolumbii-vnaslidok-vibuhu-na-sahti-zaginuli-semero-girnikiv.html
Nine collaborators were exposed in Liman
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699209-u-limani-vikrili-devatoh-kolaborantiv-ta-znajsli-shron-zi-zbroeu.html
A large -scale fire in the waste shop was erupted under Moscow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699210-pid-moskvou-spalahnula-masstabna-pozeza-u-cehu-z-utilizacii-vidhodiv.html
Ukrainians staged a protest in Lisbon during the visit of President Brazil
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3699211-ukrainci-vlastuvali-akciu-protestu-u-lisaboni-pid-cas-vizitu-prezidenta-brazilii.html
In Kiev for the day of water in the Dnieper fell by another 16 centimeters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3699215-u-kievi-za-den-riven-vodi-u-dnipri-vpav-se-na-16-santimetriv.html
The invaders were transferred to Marinka instead of paratroopers "Storm Divisions Z"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699216-do-marinki-zagarbniki-perekinuli-zamist-desantnikiv-sturmovi-pidrozdili-z.html
Russian troops fired eight regions of Ukraine a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699217-vijska-rf-za-dobu-obstrilali-visim-oblastej-ukraini.html
Sachko lost the first sown in the quarterfinals of the ATP tournament in Mexico
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699219-sacko-prograv-persomu-sianomu-u-cvertfinali-turniru-atp-u-meksici.html
Brazil's President reacted at the invitation to visit Ukraine: send an assistant
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699220-prezident-brazilii-vidreaguvav-na-zaprosenna-vidvidati-ukrainu-vidpravit-pomicnika.html
In the north a week installed several tens of anti -tank mine fields and barriers - Naev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699221-na-pivnoci-za-tizden-vstanovili-kilka-desatkiv-protitankovih-minnih-poliv-ta-zagorodzen-naev.html
NHL: Ilenders won the first victory over Karolina in the Stanley Cup series
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699227-nhl-ajlenders-zdobuv-persu-peremogu-nad-karolinou-u-serii-kubka-stenli.html
More than 1,200 farms in seven regions of Ukraine remain flooded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699228-pidtoplenimi-zalisautsa-ponad-1-200-gospodarstv-u-semi-oblastah-ukraini.html
EU plans to evacuate its citizens from Sudan - AFP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699230-evrosouz-planue-mozlivu-evakuaciu-svoih-gromadan-iz-sudanu-afp.html
In Lviv, a drunk motorcyclist knocked down a four -year -old boy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699231-na-lvivsini-netverezij-motociklist-zbiv-cotiriricnogo-hlopcika.html
"Denver" for the third time won Minnesota in the NBA Playoff series
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699233-denver-utrete-peremig-minnesotu-u-serii-plejoff-nba.html
Yuri Maximov became the sports director of the football club "Polesie"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699237-urij-maksimov-stav-sportivnim-direktorom-futbolnogo-klubu-polissa.html
In Georgia, the leader of one of the IDIL groups was detained
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699240-u-gruzii-zatrimali-vatazka-odnogo-z-ugrupovan-idil.html
Мультфільм «Мавка. Лісова пісня» у кінотеатрах Німеччини спершу покажуть українською 
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3699250-multfilm-mavka-lisova-pisna-u-kinoteatrah-nimeccini-spersu-pokazut-ukrainskou.html
Russian elites are already trying to get security guarantees after defeat in the war - intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699259-rosijski-eliti-vze-namagautsa-otrimati-garantii-bezpeki-pisla-porazki-u-vijni-rozvidka.html
In the Black Sea in Odesa region there was an explosion, there is a wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699261-u-cornomorsku-na-odesini-stavsa-vibuh-e-poranenij.html
The MCIP Commission has found organizations that "strangely" received the premises in the laurel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3699269-komisia-mkip-viavila-organizacii-aki-divnim-cinom-otrimali-v-upravlinna-primisenna-v-lavri.html
The Japanese soldiers were ordered to prepare for the launch of the Ballistic DPRK missile
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699270-aponski-vijskovi-otrimali-nakaz-pidgotuvatis-do-zapusku-balisticnoi-raketi-kndr.html
Tesheir began to publish Pentagon documents a few days after Russia's invasion of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699273-tejsejra-pocav-publikuvati-dokumenti-pentagonu-za-kilka-dniv-pisla-vtorgnenna-rosii-v-ukrainu.html
130 Czech volunteers are fighting on the side of Ukraine, two were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699275-na-boci-ukraini-vouut-130-ceskih-dobrovolciv-dvoe-zaginuli.html
Solsky calls for G7 countries to help mine agricultural land
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699276-solskij-zaklikae-kraini-g7-dopomogti-v-rozminuvanni-silgospzemel-ukraini.html
It became known in what form they will go to the Dynamo and Shakhtar game
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699277-stalo-vidomo-v-akij-formi-vijdut-na-gru-dinamo-i-sahtar.html
Czech Republic is ready to increase the power of modernization of T-72 for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699279-cehia-gotova-narostiti-potuznosti-modernizacii-t72-dla-ukraini.html
Ukraine and Bulgaria have agreed to unblock cars at the border and unloading them
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699284-ukraina-i-bolgaria-pogodili-rozblokuvanna-avtivok-na-kordoni-ta-ih-rozvantazenna.html
South Korea sent the Navy unit to Sudan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699286-pivdenna-korea-napravila-pidrozdil-vms-do-sudanu.html
MKIP created commissions for checking the use of the objects of Pochaiv Lavra - Tkachenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3699287-mkip-stvorilo-komisii-po-perevirci-vikoristanna-obektiv-pocaivskoi-lavri-tkacenko.html
Modular hospitals will be deployed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699290-u-prifrontovih-regionah-za-pidtrimki-uradu-francii-budut-rozgornuti-modulni-likarni.html
A multi -grade test abroad can be made in 49 cities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3699291-multipredmetnij-test-za-kordonom-mozna-sklasti-vze-u-49-mistah.html
Katarina Zavatskaya will perform in the title match of ITF tournament in Italy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699294-katarina-zavacka-vistupit-u-titulnomu-matci-turniru-itf-v-italii.html
Patriot systems will keep Russian aircraft away from the border of Ukraine - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699295-sistemi-patriot-dozvolat-trimati-rosijski-litaki-podali-vid-kordonu-ukraini-ignat.html
In Madrid there was a fire in a restaurant - two dead, 10 victims
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699296-u-madridi-stalasa-pozeza-v-restorani-dvoe-zagiblih-10-postrazdalih.html
The Russian Federation has canceled the "Immortal Regiment" campaign for fear of showing the scale of losses - British intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699299-u-rf-skasuvali-akciu-bezsmertnij-polk-cerez-strah-pokazati-masstab-vtrat-britanska-rozvidka.html
From Latvia to Kenya began to send sub -Russian fertilizers by agreement with the UN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699300-z-latvii-do-kenii-pocali-vidpravlati-pidsankcijni-rosijski-dobriva-za-domovlenistu-z-oon.html
Vorskla won Metalist in the 22nd round of the Premier League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699301-vorskla-peremogla-metalist-u-22u-turi-premerligi.html
FC "Kremin" defeated Ternopil "Niva" in the first league match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699303-fk-kremin-zdolav-ternopilsku-nivu-u-matci-persoi-ligi.html
Forecasters predict on Sunday warm weather with small rains
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699304-sinoptiki-prognozuut-u-nedilu-teplu-pogodu-z-nevelikimi-dosami.html
In Odessa set a national record for dragging the longest rope
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699305-v-odesi-vstanovili-nacionalnij-rekord-z-peretaguvanna-najdovsogo-kanatu.html
In Melitopol, the locomotive - Fedorov burned down as a result of the morning explosion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699308-u-melitopoli-vnaslidok-rankovogo-vibuhu-zgoriv-teplovoz-fedorov.html
The European Parliament discussed the return of deported Ukrainian children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3699310-evroparlament-obgovoriv-povernenna-deportovanih-ukrainskih-ditej.html
Reznikov - About the results of "Ramstay": Russia is approaching Nuremberg -II
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699312-reznikov-pro-rezultati-ramstajnu-rosia-nablizaetsa-do-nurnbergaii.html
Biden will update Korea security guarantees from nuclear provocations by DPRK, China and Russia - Reuters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699314-bajden-onovit-garantii-bezpeki-dla-korei-vid-adernih-provokacij-z-boku-kndr-kitau-ta-rosii-reuters.html
Ukrainian judges in the Hague took part in a conference on the consideration of international crimes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3699318-ukrainski-suddi-u-gaazi-vzali-ucast-u-konferencii-sodo-rozgladu-miznarodnih-zlociniv.html
In Irpen, a 1 million trees of life have started in Irpen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699319-v-irpeni-startuvala-akcia-1-miljon-derev-zitta.html
In Greece there was an earthquake
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699321-u-grecii-stavsa-zemletrus.html
Italian Defense Minister is in favor of negotiations between Ukraine and the Russian Federation and the mediation of China
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699322-ministr-oboroni-italii-vistupae-za-peregovori-miz-ukrainou-ta-rf-i-poserednictvo-kitau.html
In Belgorod near high -rise buildings found unobtrusive airbomb - thousands of people were evacuated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699324-u-belgorodi-bila-bagatopoverhivok-znajsli-nerozirvanu-aviabombu-evakuuvali-tisaci-ludej.html
CDF Recovery Agency and CDFs start a project to improve logistics in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3699325-agentstvo-vidnovlenna-i-korporacia-cdf-rozpocinaut-proekt-dla-polipsenna-logistiki-v-ukraini.html
Duke Monument in Odessa is 195 years old
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699326-pamatniku-duku-v-odesi-vipovnilosa-195-rokiv.html
The Ministry of Internal Affairs showed how the Azov fighters are working on assault actions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699329-u-mvs-pokazali-ak-bijci-azova-vidpracovuut-sturmovi-dii.html
IBU Vice president: Russians must be removed until their troops leave Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699330-viceprezident-ibu-rosiani-povinni-buti-vidstoronenimi-poki-ih-vijska-ne-pokinut-ukrainu.html
Up to 20 nuclear power units will be built in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699334-v-ukraini-pobuduut-do-20-atomnih-energoblokiv.html
Ukraine and France Increase Transport Cooperation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699340-ukraina-ta-francia-posiluut-spivpracu-u-sferi-transportu.html
UPL: "Heather" and "Minaj" shared points
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699343-upl-veres-i-minaj-podilili-ocki.html
Moscow sends German diplomats, says the "mirror" answer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699344-moskva-visilae-nimeckih-diplomativ-kaze-pro-dzerkalnu-vidpovid.html
Negotiations of the European Commission with five countries on agro -import from Ukraine will continue on Sunday - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699349-peregovori-evrokomisii-z-patma-krainami-sodo-agroimportu-z-ukraini-prodovzatsa-v-nedilu-zmi.html
Kostin discussed with New York members Group of Friends coordinating efforts to counteract Russian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699350-kostin-obgovoriv-z-nujorkskimi-clenami-group-of-friends-koordinaciu-zusil-dla-protidii-rf.html
Shmigal - About the Restoration of Ukraine: France has specific projections in the field of logistics and transport
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3699351-smigal-pro-vidnovlenna-ukraini-francia-mae-konkretni-proekti-u-sferi-logistiki-ta-transportu.html
Lviv agrarians will receive 1.7 million financial support from the regional budget
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699353-lvivski-agrarii-otrimaut-17-miljona-finansovoi-pidtrimki-z-oblasnogo-budzetu.html
Russian troops fired at Sumy region three times
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699355-vijska-rf-trici-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
In the Nikolaev area, the mushroom was blown on a mini
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699357-na-mikolaivsini-gribnik-pidirvavsa-na-mini.html
In Khmelnitsky there was a charity race "Steel border"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699359-u-hmelnickomu-projsov-blagodijnij-zabig-stalevij-kordon.html
Ukraine needs over $ 1 billion to recover the power system - Herus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699360-ukraini-potribno-ponad-1-milard-na-vidnovlenna-energosistemi-gerus.html
Started a grant competition for NGOs that restore the liberated territories
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3699361-startuvav-grantovij-konkurs-dla-gromadskih-organizacij-aki-vidnovluut-zvilneni-teritorii.html
King proposes to pass on his blue tick on Twitter Pritula Foundation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3699365-king-zaproponuvav-masku-peredati-jogo-sinu-galocku-u-twitter-fondu-prituli.html
Dynamo and Shakhtar played a draw in the UPL match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699369-dinamo-i-sahtar-zigrali-vniciu-v-matci-upl.html
Sudan army promised to ensure evacuation of foreign citizens in the coming hours
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699371-armia-sudanu-poobicala-zabezpeciti-evakuaciu-inozemnih-gromadan-u-najblizci-godini.html
APL: "Everton" Nikolenko divided points from "Crystal Peles"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699375-apl-everton-mikolenka-podiliv-ocki-z-kristal-peles.html
The National Commission named new electricity tariffs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3699376-u-nackomisii-nazvali-varianti-novih-tarifiv-na-elektroenergiu.html
China Ambassador to France has questioned the sovereignty of former Soviet republics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699378-posol-kitau-u-francii-postaviv-pid-sumniv-suverenitet-kolisnih-radanskih-respublik.html
The invaders planned evacuation from Energodar for May 5 - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699381-zagarbniki-zaplanuvali-evakuaciu-z-energodara-na-5-travna-fedorov.html
In Kherson region, a civilian died through Russian explosive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699384-na-hersonsini-cerez-rosijsku-vibuhivku-zaginuv-civilnij.html
Ukrainian Filchakov reached the finals of the European Championship in Greco-Roman Wrestling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699386-ukrainec-filcakov-vijsov-u-final-cempionatu-evropi-z-grekorimskoi-borotbi.html
Ukraine needs 10 times more weapons to end the war this year - the Foreign Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699388-ukraini-potribno-u-10-raziv-bilse-zbroi-sob-zakinciti-vijnu-cogoric-mzs.html
The Russian military fired a park in Kherson, there is a wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699389-vijskovi-rf-obstrilali-park-u-hersoni-e-poranenij.html
Professor from Canada was condemned in absentia for life in Paris in 1980
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699391-profesora-z-kanadi-zaocno-zasudili-na-dovicne-za-terakt-u-parizi-1980-roku.html
Japan gives the World Bank $ 471 million to rebuild Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3699394-aponia-dae-svitovomu-banku-471-miljon-dla-vidbudovi-ukraini.html
Defense forces knocked down Russian Mi-24
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699395-sili-oboroni-zbili-rosijskij-mi24.html
Manchester City defeated "Sheffield United" and will play in the Final of the Cup of England
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699396-mancester-siti-rozgromiv-seffld-unajted-i-zigrae-u-finali-kubka-anglii.html
In Mali there was a triple terrorist attack - nine dead and over 60 wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699397-u-mali-stavsa-potrijnij-terakt-devatero-zagiblih-i-ponad-60-poranenih.html
Reznikov discussed with Wallace further training of Ukrainian military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699403-reznikov-obgovoriv-z-vollesom-podalse-navcanna-ukrainskih-vijskovih.html
Lucescu goes to the hospital, Dynamo will control Shovkovsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699404-lucesku-jde-na-likarnanij-dinamo-keruvatime-sovkovskij.html
Zelensky: Our task is to remove any opportunities for Russia to bypass sanctions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699410-zelenskij-nase-zavdanna-pribrati-budaki-mozlivosti-rosii-obhoditi-sankcii.html
Validolide beat Tsigankov's "Laigon" in the match of La League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699409-valadolid-obigrav-zironu-cigankova-u-matci-la-ligi.html
US upgrade f/a-18 fighters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699414-ssa-modernizuut-vinisuvaci-fa18.html
The more tougher sanctions against the Russian Federation, the faster the completion of aggression - the president
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699413-cim-zorstkisi-sankcii-proti-rf-tim-svidsim-bude-zaversenna-agresii-prezident.html
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Estonia and Latvia will summon Chinese diplomats through statements by the People's Republic of China to France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699418-u-mzs-estonii-ta-latvii-viklicut-kitajskih-diplomativ-cerez-zaavi-posla-knr-u-francii.html
In the UN Council on Monday there will be a debate under the chairmanship of Lavrov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699417-u-radbezi-oon-u-ponedilok-vidbudutsa-debati-pid-golovuvannam-lavrova.html
Ukrainian Manevskaya became a silver medalist of the European weightlifting championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699416-ukrainka-manevska-stala-sribnou-prizerkou-cempionatu-evropi-z-vazkoi-atletiki.html
Global work on the restriction of the Russian atomic industry - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699420-pocalas-globalna-robota-z-obmezenna-rosijskoi-atomnoi-galuzi-zelenskij.html
Brazil President on the invasion of the Russian Federation into Ukraine: "I want to find a third alternative"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3699419-prezident-brazilii-pro-vtorgnenna-rf-v-ukrainu-hocu-znajti-tretu-alternativu.html
The invaders are firing Kharkiv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3699423-ziteliv-harkivsini-poperedzaut-pro-vorozi-udari.html
IAEA has released a report on the situation at the Zaporozhye NPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699424-magate-opriludnilo-zvit-sodo-situacii-na-zaporizkij-aes.html
Marines showed the destruction of the Russian tank
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699425-morski-pihotinci-pokazali-znisenna-rosijskogo-tanka.html
The Russians hit Kharkiv region C-300 rockets: at least five hits
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699428-rosiani-vdarili-po-harkivsini-raketami-s300-sonajmense-5-vlucan.html
The Ukrainian House will show the theatrical performance "Azovstal. Voice ”
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3699430-v-ukrainskomu-domi-pokazut-teatralnu-vistavu-azovstal-golosi.html
The EU is preparing to ban the transit of many goods by the territory of Russia - Bloomberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3699431-es-gotuetsa-zaboroniti-tranzit-bagatoh-tovariv-teritorieu-rosii-bloomberg.html
The enemy fired at five communities of Sumy region in a day - 64 "arrivals"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3699422-vorog-za-dobu-obstrilav-pat-gromad-sumsini-64-priloti.html
Real won Celt
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3699434-real-peremig-seltu-u-matci-ispanskoi-la-ligi.html
Now the Alliance has become even stronger in the face of Russian aggression - Mark Millie
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/zaraz-alyans-stav-shhe-sylnishym-pered-oblychchyam-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-mark-milli/
Bridget Brinka: The world should not turn away from the cruelty of Russian troops in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/bridzhyt-brink-svit-ne-povynen-vidvertatysya-vid-zhorstokosti-rosijskyh-vijsk-v-ukrayini/
Night attack by drones: Air defense forces destroyed 4 Russian "Shahda"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/nichna-ataka-dronamy-syly-ppo-znyshhyly-4-rosijskyh-shahedy/
Nafo Fellas raised $ 172.77 thousand on shock drones for Ukrainian scouts
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/nafo-fellas-zibrala-17277-tysyach-na-udarni-drony-dlya-ukrayinskyh-rozvidnykiv/
Two rescuers in the Kyiv region were detained for cooperation with the military of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/zatrymano-dvoh-zradnykiv-yaki-za-vkazivkoyu-rosiyan-pidpalyly-pozhezhnu-chastynu-na-kyyivshhyni/
The Ministry of Justice told about the peculiarities of marriage in war conditions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/u-minyusti-rozpovily-pro-osoblyvosti-ukladannya-shlyubu-v-umovah-vijny/
EU training has already passed over 16,000 Ukrainian military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/navchannya-u-yes-vzhe-projshlo-ponad-16-tysyach-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/
In Ukraine simplified the mechanism of referral of military to treatment abroad
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/v-ukrayini-sprostyly-mehanizm-napravlennya-vijskovyh-na-likuvannya-za-kordon/
Defense forces in a day repelled 53 enemy attacks, at the epicenter of battles - Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/syly-oborony-cziyeyi-doby-vidbyly-53-ataky-protyvnyka-u-epiczetri-boyiv-bahmut/
During the last day, the Russian Federation has struck 3 missile and 30 aviation strikes across Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-rosiyany-zavdaly-po-ukrayini-3-raketnyh-30-aviaczijnyh-udariv-ta-zdijsnyly-50-obstriliv-z-rszv/
The Russians did not miss the border 14 trucks with their wounded, so some of the invaders - did not survive
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/rosiyany-ne-propustyly-cherez-kordon-14-vantazhivok-zi-svoyimy-poranenymy-vidtak-chastyna-zagarbnykiv-ne-vyzhyla/
Aviation of Defense Forces over the past day has made 5 beats in the areas of focus of occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-mynulu-dobu-zavdala-5-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv/
The Czech Republic is ready to modernize several dozen T-72 tanks for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/chehiya-gotova-modernizuvaty-shhe-kilka-desyatkiv-tankiv-t-72-dlya-ukrayiny/
Tallinn has the world's largest cyber defense training for NATO members and partners
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/u-tallini-vidbulysya-najbilshyh-u-sviti-navchannyah-z-kiberzahystu-dlya-chleniv-i-partneriv-nato/
Enemy Loss per day: Almost 700 invaders, 4 tanks and 5 artisystems have been eliminated
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-majzhe-700-okupantiv-4-tanky-i-5-artsystem/
Portugal will hand over five armored vehicles to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/portugaliya-peredast-ukrayini-pyat-bronemashyn/
Ukrzaliznytsya opens regular flights of distant connection to Pokrovsk Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/ukrzaliznyczya-vidkryvaye-regulyarni-rejsy-dalekogo-spoluchennya-do-pokrovska-doneczkoyi-oblasti/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked Canada for a new military assistance package
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/volodymyr-zelenskyj-podyakuvav-kanadi-za-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy/
The Government begins testing the Equinal Program - Denis Shmigal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/uryad-rozpochynaye-testuvannya-programy-yevidnovlennya-denys-shmygal/
The record of Ukraine for dragging the longest sea rope was set by the pupils of the Navy Lyceum
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/rekord-ukrayiny-z-peretyaguvannya-najdovshogo-morskogo-kanata-vstanovyly-vyhovanczi-vijskovo-morskogo-liczeyu/
As a result of armed aggression of the Russian Federation in Ukraine, 470 children were killed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/vnaslidok-zbrojnoyi-agresiyi-rf-v-ukrayini-zagynuly-470-ditej/
9 enemy associates were detained in Donetsk region and a shroud with Russian weapons was found
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/na-donechchyni-zatrymano-9-vorozhyh-poplichnykiv-ta-znajdeno-shron-z-rosijskym-ozbroyennyam/
During the last day, Russian troops fired the territory of 8 regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-rosijski-vijska-obstrilyaly-terytoriyu-8-oblastej-ukrayiny/
Representatives of the Armed Forces Alina Hrushina-Acobia and Irina Kolyadenko-European Champions in Fighting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/predstavnyczi-zsu-alina-grushyna-akobiya-ta-iryna-kolyadenko-chempionky-yevropy-z-borotby/
In the north direction in the past week, several dozen anti -tank mine fields have been installed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/na-pivnichnomu-napryamku-za-mynulyj-tyzhden-vstanovleno-kilka-desyatkiv-protytankovyh-minnyh-poliv-ta-zagorodzhen/
Our people went through everything and kept freedom - the head of state
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/nash-narod-projshov-kriz-use-i-zberig-svobodu-glava-derzhavy/
Features of return from captivity and search of missing persons were discussed in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/osoblyvosti-povernennya-z-polonu-ta-rozshuku-znyklyh-bezvisty-obgovoryly-u-kyyevi/
Patriot SCR significantly increased the potential of the Armed Forces - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/zrk-patriot-suttyevo-posylyly-potenczial-povitryanyh-syl-zsu-yurij-ignat/
The occupiers are ordered not to take their wounded from the battlefield - Alexei Dmitrashkivsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/okupantam-nakazuyut-ne-zabyraty-svoyih-poranenyh-iz-polya-boyu-oleksij-dmytrashkivskyj/
Yuna Award announced the winners of 2023: 12 songs of indomitable Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/premiya-yuna-ogolosyla-peremozhcziv-2023-roku-12-pisen-nezlamnoyi-ukrayiny/
Національний тур «Кіно заради Перемоги!» на минулому тижні перетнув межу в 1200 кінопоказів
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/naczionalnyj-tur-kino-zarady-peremogy-na-mynulomu-tyzhni-peretnuv-mezhu-v-1200-kinopokaziv/
The European Parliament discussed the issue of returning Ukrainian children deported to Russia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/yevroparlament-obgovoryv-pytannya-povernennya-deportovanyh-do-rosiyi-ukrayinskyh-ditej/
Russian representatives of so -called elites are afraid of their future - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/rosijski-predstavnyky-tak-zvanyh-elit-boyatsya-za-svoye-majbutnye-i-tomu-shukayut-kontakty-z-ukrayinoyu-gur/
12 more collaborators have been identified who have fabricated cases against Ukrainians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/identyfikovano-shhe-12-kolaborantiv-yaki-fabrykuvaly-spravy-proty-ukrayincziv/
Today in the field of exchange of prisoners, Ukraine actually makes the impossible - Bogdan Okhrimenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/na-sogodnishnij-den-u-sferi-obminu-polonenymy-ukrayina-naspravdi-robyt-nemozhlyve-bogdan-ohrimenko/
Until we return all the prisoners, the work will not stop - Bogdan Okhrimenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/yakshho-propalogo-bez-visti-ne-maye-v-yakijs-bazi-danyh-dlya-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-cze-ne-problema/
MKCH should check the place of detention and health status
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/mkchh-zgidno-z-mandatom-maye-pereviryaty-misczya-utrymannya-i-stan-zdorovya-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
The inhabitants of dangerous regions of Donetsk region is also accepted by Zhytomyr region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/zhyteliv-nebezpechnyh-regioniv-donechchyny-vidteper-pryjmaye-j-zhytomyrshhyna/
In Kiev, the IX International Festival of Historical Cinema "Out of Time" has started
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/u-kyyevi-startuvav-ix-mizhnarodnyj-festyval-istorychnogo-kino-poza-chasom/
Russia is approaching Nuremberg-II-Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/rosiya-nablyzhayetsya-do-nyurnberga-ii-oleksij-reznikov/
More than 1200 rockets and drones have released the Russian Federation on key facilities of Ukraine's power system
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/ponad-1200-raket-ta-droniv-vypustyla-rf-po-klyuchovyh-obyektah-energosystemy-ukrayiny/
The occupiers demand from the scientists to join the Russian Academy of Sciences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/na-tot-okupanty-vymagayut-vid-naukovcziv-vstupaty-do-rosijskoyi-akademiyi-nauk/
Education: The procedure for providing state aid for repair of damaged housing has been approved
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/yevidnovlennya-uhvaleno-poryadok-nadannya-derzhavnoyi-dopomogy-na-remont-poshkodzhenogo-zhytla/
France will provide support in the restoration of Ukraine - Denis Shmigal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/francziya-nadavatyme-pidtrymku-u-vidnovlenni-ukrayiny-denys-shmygal/
Leopard tanks were in Donbass back in 2015 - GUR interception
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/tanky-leopard-buly-na-donbasi-shhe-u-2015-roczi-perehoplennya-gur/
During the day the enemy has inflicted 27 rocket and aviation strikes in our territory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/protyagom-doby-protyvnyk-zavdav-27-raketnyh-ta-aviaczijnyh-udariv-po-nashij-terytoriyi/
About 40 enemy attacks were reflected in Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/na-bahmutskomu-avdiyivskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah-bulo-vidbyto-blyzko-40-atak-protyvnyka/
The occupiers continue to strengthen the counterintelligence regime to Tot
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/okupanty-prodovzhuyut-posylyuvaty-kontrrozviduvalnyj-rezhym-na-tot/
Russians do not want to go to work for the ZPP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/rosiyany-ne-hochut-yihaty-praczyuvaty-na-zaes/
Defense forces destroyed the helicopter and 4 UAVs - the GS of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/syly-oborony-znyshhyly-gelikopter-ta-4-bpla-gsh-zsu/
Kharkiv, Kherson and Mykolaiv regions - Ruslan Beregulia were most affected by hostile mines and explosive substances.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/najbilshe-vid-vorozhyh-min-ta-vybuhonebezpechnyh-rechovyn-postrazhdaly-harkivska-hersonska-ta-mykolayivska-oblasti-ruslan-beregulya/
In Donetsk, enemy aviation strikes - Alexei Dmitrashkivsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/na-donechchyni-pochastishaly-vorozhi-aviaczijni-udary-oleksij-dmytrashkivskyj/
Task-to remove any opportunities for Russia to circumvent sanctions-President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/zavdannya-prybraty-bud-yaki-mozhlyvosti-rosiyi-obhodyty-sankcziyi-prezydent-ukrayiny/
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs together with 1+1 launched a video about an environmental disaster caused by Russian invasion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/mzs-spilno-z-1-1-zapustyly-video-pro-katastrofichni-naslidky-dlya-ekologiyi-sprychyneni-vtorgnennyam-rf/
The "court" in Crimea appointed 7 years in the Crimean Tatar lattice for 500 UAH, which he allegedly transferred welfare
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/sud-u-krymu-pryznachyv-7-rokiv-za-gratamy-krymskomu-tatarynu-za-500-grn-yaki-toj-nibyto-perekazav-dobrobatu/
The Ministry of Reintegration has released a grant competition for the restoration of deoocular territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/22/minreintegracziyi-oprylyudnyla-grantovyj-konkurs-na-vidnovlennya-deokupovanyh-terytorij/
Italy wants to get out of the Chinese project "One Belt, One Way" - Bloomberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699435-italia-hoce-vijti-z-kitajskogo-proektu-odin-poas-odin-slah-bloomberg.html
Italy wants to get out of the Chinese project "One Belt, One Way" - Bloomberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3699435-italia-hoce-vijti-z-kitajskogo-proektu-odin-poas-odin-slah-bloomberg.html
In Kherson region, the occupiers are forcibly strengthening the residents of the left bank of the Dnieper
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/23/na-hersonshhyni-okupanty-prymusovo-vysylyayut-meshkancziv-livogo-berega-dnipra/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====