乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-21

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(19:12). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/15686
Donetsk region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Kherson, Kherson region, Poltava region (15: 2 ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46079
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(15:23). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/15673
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Bleshnya, Karpovychi of C...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/20-may-at-sivershchyna-and-slobozhanschyna-directions-russian
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled Figolivka, Novomlinsk, Petropavlivka, two -year, with ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4844
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Studenok of Kharkiv region; Makiyivka, Nevske, Biloho...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4845
Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Grigorivka, Bogdan ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4846
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novokalinova, Berdyshi, Avdiivka, Tonyne, First ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4847
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Marynka, Kurakhov An ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4848
At Shakhtarsk Directive Russian Army Sheled Novomikhailivka, Vukhledar, Bokhoynalen, Maxim ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4849
Donetsk Oblast(16:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46098
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(18:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46103
Poltavska Oblast(19:12). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/11252
Zaporizhzhya region, Donetsk region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region (19:13). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46108
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(20:07). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46113
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(21:36). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46118
Donetsk Oblast(21:56). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46119
Donetsk Oblast(00:18). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46122
Zaporizka Oblast(01:32). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12984
Zaporizka Oblast(02:36). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12986
Donetsk Oblast(02:36). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46129
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(03:03). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46130
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(03:27). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46133
The fifth of enemy drones in the south of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/20/znyshheno-shhe-p%e2%80%b2yat-vorozhyh-bezpilotnykiv-na-pivdni-ukrayiny/
Over a hundred Nobel laureates urge Belarus to release Belyatsky's political prisoner
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712368-ponad-sto-nobelivskih-laureativ-zaklikaut-bilorus-zvilniti-politvazna-belackogo.html
Crusted but unbroken city: SCO soldiers of Ukraine recorded a video in Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712366-roztrosene-ale-neskorene-voini-sso-ukraini-zapisali-video-u-bahmuti.html
The enemy for a day fired at seven communities of Sumy region, damaged dwellings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712365-vorog-za-den-obstrilav-sim-gromad-sumsini-poskodzeni-zitlovi-budinki.html
Cannes discussed the support of the digital and cultural sectors of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3712358-u-kannah-obgovorili-pidtrimku-cifrovogo-ta-kulturnogo-sektoriv-ukraini.html
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Halahanivka of Chernihiv ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4853
At Caurus Director Russia Army Shellle Topoli, Fholivka, NovoMilnsk, Yard, West, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4854
Basketball: Real Madrid beat Olympiakos in the Eurolege finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712354-basketbol-real-obigrav-olimpiakos-u-finali-evroligi.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka, Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region; Tor...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4855
In Odessa there was an explosion - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712356-v-odesi-prolunav-vibuh-zmi.html
Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Grigorivka, Bogdan ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4856
APL: "City City" in Champion status won Chelsea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712353-apl-man-siti-v-statusi-cempiona-peremig-celsi.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novokalinova, Berdyshi, Steppe, Avdiivka, tons ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4857
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Hostre, Heorhiyivka, Maryinka and Pobyeda of Donet...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4858
Star Wars star Mark Hemill is playing embroidery - funds will go for school recovery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3712352-zirka-zoranih-vijn-mark-gemill-rozigrue-visivanku-kosti-pidut-na-vidnovlenna-skoli.html
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian Army Shelled Paraskovivka, Konstantinovka, Novomikhailivka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4859
President: We have an understanding with the world majority about every significant point for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712350-prezident-maemo-porozuminna-zi-svitovou-bilsistu-sodo-koznogo-suttevogo-dla-ukraini-punktu.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Novosilka, Zelene Pole,...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4860
Curta Kobein's broken guitar was auctioned for almost $ 600,000
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3712348-rozbitu-gitaru-kurta-kobejna-prodali-na-aukcioni-majze-za-600-tisac.html
UN does not reflect the realities of the 21st century and requires reform - India Prime Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712344-oon-ne-vidobrazae-realij-xxi-stolitta-i-potrebue-reformuvanna-premer-indii.html
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4861
At the G7 summit in Hiroshima Ukrainian theme was central - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712347-na-samiti-velikoi-simki-v-hirosimi-ukrainska-tematika-bula-centralnou-zelenskij.html
Air alarm is announced in a number of regions of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712345-u-nizci-oblastej-ukraini-ogolosena-povitrana-trivoga.html
The invaders have to constantly feel threatened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712342-zagarbniki-maut-postijno-vidcuvati-zagrozu-otocenna-bahmuta-cerevatij.html
Borussia defeated Augsburg and headed the Bundesliga in the penultimate round
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712341-borussia-rozgromila-augsburg-i-ocolila-bundesligu-v-peredostannomu-turi.html
The ruling party is leading in Greece elections - Exitpol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712340-na-viborah-u-grecii-lidirue-pravlaca-partia-ekzipol.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
The Russians fired a village in Kharkiv region, a wounded man
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712334-rosiani-obstrilali-selo-na-harkivsini-poranenij-colovik.html
The invaders strike the Kharkov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712329-zagarbniki-zavdaut-udariv-po-harkovu.html
The enemy fired two communities in Dnipropetrovsk, there is a destruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712328-vorog-obstrilav-dvi-gromadi-na-dnipropetrovsini.html
Russian troops concentrate forces on five directions - a day 24 clashes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712326-vijska-rf-zoseredzuut-sili-na-pati-napramkah-za-dobu-24-zitknenna.html
Three enemy drones were destroyed in the Kherson region of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712324-na-hersonsini-zsu-znisili-tri-vorozi-bezpilotniki.html
UPL: "Movement" was stronger than "Lviv"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712323-upl-ruh-viavivsa-silnisim-za-lviv.html
Defense forces continue offensive on flanks near Bakhmut - Syrsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712321-sili-oboroni-prodovzuut-nastupalni-dii-na-flangah-poblizu-bahmuta-sirskij.html
At Sicily because of the eruption of the Etna volcano suspended the work of Catania Airport
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712319-na-sicilii-cerez-viverzenna-vulkana-etna-prizupiniv-robotu-aeroport-katanii.html
Rescuers eliminated a fire in Solomenskiy district of Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3712316-ratuvalniki-likviduvali-pozezu-v-solomanskomu-rajoni-kieva.html
China launched new satellites for space research
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3712292-kitaj-zapustiv-novi-suputniki-dla-kosmicnih-doslidzen.html
Eco -activists painted black water in the Roman fountain of Trevi
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712300-ekoaktivisti-zafarbuvali-cornim-vodu-v-rimskomu-fontani-trevi.html
Russian aviation conducted airstrike at Kherson
https://t.me/suspilnekherson/26502
Donetsk Oblast(08:38). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46137
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(08:41). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/25044
Zaporizka Oblast(08:41). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46139
Sumska Oblast(08:56). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46140
President Biden met with President Zelensky
https://t.me/ermaka2022/2744
Ukrainian air defense shot down 4 Shahed drones overnight
https://t.me/kpszsu/2527
Russian army conducted 7 missile strikes, 70 airstrikes and 48 shelling with MLRS, - General ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4852
Russian military HQ was reportedly hit in a missile strike in Berdyansk this morning
https://t.me/channel24_ua/89140
Russian army shelled Stanislav village overnight
https://t.me/suspilnekherson/26518
Drone dropped an explosive device near substation in Rudnya-Tsata village of Briansk region
https://t.me/rusbrief/118880
Donetsk Oblast(13:19). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46147
Air defense is working in Belgorod
https://t.me/lachentyt/29503
Explosions reported in Mospyne, Donetsk region
https://t.me/oleksiihoncharenko/34099
Zelensky discussed with Biden strengthening of Ukraine's defense capabilities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712130-zelenskij-obgovoriv-iz-bajdenom-posilenna-oboronnih-mozlivostej-ukraini.html
Ukrainian President Zelensky: "Bakhmut is not captured by the Russian Federation today. There...
https://twitter.com/LucasFoxNews/status/1660296737364353028
As a result of the shelling of the company in Kupyansk three people are injured in Kupyansk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712136-unaslidok-obstriliv-rf-pidpriemstva-u-kupansku-poraneni-troe.html
Explosions were reported in Kherson
https://t.me/suspilnenews/20969
In Kiev, the water level in the Dnieper per day increased by four centimeters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3712138-u-kievi-riven-vodi-v-dnipri-za-dobu-zris-na-cotiri-santimetri.html
In Greece, there are parliamentary elections
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712140-u-grecii-prohodat-parlamentski-vibori.html
In the Solomian district of the capital is a strong fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3712141-u-solomanskomu-rajoni-stolici-masstabna-pozeza.html
In the Air Force, they told how partners can transfer to Ukraine F-16
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712143-u-povitranih-silah-rozpovili-ak-partneri-mozut-peredati-ukraini-f16.html
Football World Youth Championships started in Argentina
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712144-molodiznij-cempionat-svitu-z-futbolu-startuvav-v-argentini.html
Russia holds in the Black Sea two rocket launchers with eight "caliber"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712146-rosia-trimae-u-cornomu-mori-dva-raketonosii-z-vismoma-kalibrami.html
Military sappers for a week neutralized 1448 explosive items - Pavlyuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712147-vijskovi-saperi-za-tizden-zneskodili-1448-vibuhonebezpecnih-predmetiv-pavluk.html
As a result of a tourist aircraft disaster, a pilot and two passengers were killed in Switzerland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712149-unaslidok-katastrofi-turisticnogo-litaka-u-svejcarii-zaginuv-pilot-ta-dvoe-pasaziriv.html
In Chernihiv region, through shelling for about a week burns the forest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712150-na-cernigivsini-cerez-obstrili-blizko-tizna-gorit-lis.html
Russians failed to surround Bakhmut, they lost some of the dominant heights - a painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712157-rosianam-ne-vdalos-otociti-bahmut-voni-vtratili-castinu-panivnih-visot-malar.html
Yermak and Sullivan discussed the situation at the front and the formation of an aviation coalition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712158-ermak-i-sallivan-obgovorili-situaciu-na-fronti-ta-formuvanna-aviacijnoi-koalicii.html
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(18:30). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46149
Suns at G7 Summit: Ukraine should not only win war but also reach a fair peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712161-sunak-na-samiti-g7-ukraina-mae-ne-lise-vigrati-vijnu-ale-j-dosagti-spravedlivogo-miru.html
Ukrainians should not allow terror and political repression in the future - Lubinets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3712164-ukrainci-maut-ne-dopustiti-teroru-i-politicnih-represij-u-majbutnomu-lubinec.html
In the captured Severodonetsk, people live without sewage, light and water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712165-u-zahoplenomu-severodonecku-ludi-zivut-bez-kanalizacii-svitla-ta-vodi.html
Missile launches from Belgorod
https://t.me/belgorod_informant/4251
Onoprienko won the Gold of European Gymnastics Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712168-onoprienko-vigrala-zoloto-cempionatu-evropi-z-hudoznoi-gimnastiki.html
Biden held a press conference following the summit of G7 leaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712062-bajden-dae-preskonferenciu-za-pidsumkami-samitu-lideriv-g7.html
Russian hackers made a double cyberattack against the Ministry and Media of Ukraine - the State Secretariat of Communications
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3712173-rosijski-hakeri-zdijsnili-podvijnu-kiberataku-proti-ministerstva-i-zmi-ukraini-derzspeczvazku.html
The Armed Forces per day destroyed three companies and five ammunition of Russians in the Tavriya direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712177-zsu-za-dobu-znisili-tri-roti-i-pat-skladiv-boepripasiv-rosian-na-tavrijskomu-napramku.html
1 person wounded as result of Russian missile strike in Tsyrkuny village near Kharkiv
https://t.me/huyovy_kharkiv/110184
In Berdyansk there were explosions in the area of the airport
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712180-u-berdansku-prolunali-vibuhi-v-rajoni-aeroportu.html
In Bykivna, the memory of victims of political repression was honored
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3712181-u-bikivni-vsanuvali-pamat-zertv-politicnih-represij.html
The Russians fired at the village in Kherson region - damaged civilian infrastructure
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712182-rosiani-obstrilali-aviabombami-selo-na-hersonsini-poskodzena-civilna-infrastruktura.html
Donetsk Oblast(19:30). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46151
Zelensky conducted a press conference as a result of the G7 leaders summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712185-zelenskij-zvertaetsa-do-narodu-aponii.html
UPL: "Dawn" updated the club record for the scored points for the season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712186-upl-zora-onovila-klubnij-rekord-za-nabranimi-ockami-za-sezon.html
Berlin's police are investigating the probable poisoning of the Russian opposition conference participants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712187-policia-berlina-rozslidue-jmovirne-otruenna-ucasnic-konferencii-rosijskoi-opozicii.html
Zelensky: Bakhmut is not passionate about the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712191-zelenskij-bahmut-ne-zahoplenij-rosianami.html
Guterres stated the need to reform the UN Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712198-guterres-zaaviv-pro-neobhidnist-reformuvanna-radbezu-oon.html
Ukraine will have F-16 fighters-President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712195-zelenskij-a-vpevnenij-so-u-nas-budut-litaki-f16.html
Poltavska Oblast(19:53). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/11258
Kirovohrad region, Cherkasy region (19:56). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding. So...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46154
Dynamo exhubricka became the champion of Moldova as part of Sheriff
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712197-eksgolkiper-dinamo-stav-cempionom-moldovi-u-skladi-serifa.html
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(19:59). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46155
Russia should withdraw troops from the territory of Ukraine, not freeze the conflict - Scholtz
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712205-rosia-mae-vivesti-vijska-z-teritorii-ukraini-a-ne-zamorozuvati-konflikt-solc.html
Explosions reported at Nikolske near Mariupol
https://t.me/mariupolnow/29497
Head of Russian PMC Wagner mercenaries Evgeniy Prigozhin says his units will be withdrawn sta...
https://t.me/Prigozhin_hat/3396
In Nikolaev presented the results of the first stage of the project "Lights of the South. People-people ”
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3712208-u-mikolaevi-prezentuvali-pidsumki-persogo-etapu-proektu-vogni-pivdna-ludimaaki.html
US and allies believe in the success of Ukrainian counter -offensive - Biden
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712213-ssa-ta-souzniki-virat-v-uspih-ukrainskogo-kontrnastupu-bajden.html
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(20:40). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46160
The state will work on returning the remains of prominent Ukrainians from abroad - Tkachenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3712202-derzava-pracuvatime-nad-povernennam-ostankiv-vidatnih-ukrainciv-zza-kordonu-tkacenko.html
Georgian Airways has declared Georgia President "Person Non Grat" on her aircraft
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712214-georgian-airways-ogolosila-prezidentku-gruzii-personou-non-grata-na-svoih-litakah.html
Ukrainian Vanshelboym was unable to get the sixth ITF title in Ethiopia tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712215-ukrainec-vanselbojm-ne-zmig-zdobuti-sostij-titul-itf-na-turniri-v-efiopii.html
Zelensky in Hiroshima honored the memory of victims of atomic bombardment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712216-zelenskij-u-hirosimi-vsanuvav-pamat-zertv-atomnogo-bombarduvanna.html
Zaporizka Oblast(20:54). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46162
Spring Run was held in Poltava
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712219-u-poltavi-vidbuvsa-zabig-spring-run.html
Odeska Oblast(20:58). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46163
Explosion reported in Odesa
https://t.me/suspilnenews/20971
Ukrainian troops are approaching Bakhmut's taking into a tactical environment - Syrsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712221-ukrainski-vijska-nablizautsa-do-vzatta-bahmuta-u-takticne-otocenna-sirskij.html
Great European Charges in Chisinau called on to include European integration in the Constitution
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712223-veliki-evropejski-zbori-u-kisinevi-zatverdili-rezoluciu-iz-zaklikom-vkluciti-evrointegraciu-do-konstitucii.html
Biden: A fair peace in Ukraine means respect for its sovereignty and territorial integrity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712227-bajden-spravedlivij-mir-v-ukraini-oznacae-povagu-do-ii-suverenitetu-j-teritorialnoi-cilisnosti.html
The Ukrainian audiohydge sounded at the Stockholm Museum
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3712212-ukrainskij-audiogid-zazvucav-u-muzei-stokgolma.html
Ukraine counts on Japanese modern technologies during post -war reconstruction - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3712225-ukraina-rozrahovue-na-aponski-sucasni-tehnologii-pid-cas-povoennoi-vidbudovi-zelenskij.html
In Kherson region, a civilian was killed as a result of shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712229-na-hersonsini-vnaslidok-obstrilu-zaginuv-civilnij.html
Pope urged not to get used to war and stay close to the Ukrainian people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3712226-papa-rimskij-zaklikav-ne-zvikati-do-vijni-i-zalisatisa-blizkimi-z-ukrainskim-narodom.html
Zelensky explained why he personally came to the summit of G7 leaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712230-zelenskij-poasniv-comu-priihav-osobisto-na-samit-lideriv-g7.html
Russia wants to ban the transit of trucks from Poland by the territory of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712233-rosia-hoce-zaboroniti-tranzit-vantazivok-iz-polsi-teritorieu-rf.html
Personnel of the ZPP fear Chernobyl or Fukushima crashes - Energoatom Chapter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3712237-personal-zaes-pobouetsa-avarii-rivna-cornobila-abo-fukusimi-glava-energoatomu.html
Russian prisoners were shown the movie "Absolute Evil" about their war crimes in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3712236-rosijskim-polonenim-pokazali-film-absolutne-zlo-pro-ihni-voenni-zlocini-v-ukraini.html
Zelensky met with Japan Prime Minister - they talked about the help and situation at the front
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712241-zelenskij-zustrivsa-z-premerom-aponii-govorili-pro-dopomogu-ta-situaciu-na-fronti.html
An earthquake of magnitude 5 occurred near Kuril Islands
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712240-poblizu-kurilskih-ostroviv-stavsa-zemletrus-magnitudou-5.html
Biden about the G7 approach to a relationship with China: we want to reduce risks rather than disconnect
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712246-bajden-pro-pidhid-g7-do-vidnosin-iz-kitau-mi-hocemo-zmensiti-riziki-a-ne-vidednatisa.html
A charity race was held in Brovary to support captured Azov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712252-u-brovarah-vidbuvsa-blagodijnij-zabig-na-pidtrimku-polonenih-azovciv.html
Russia must transfer the ZPP under full control of Ukraine and IAEA at the G7 Summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712247-rosia-zrobila-zaes-poligonom-dla-zberiganna-atomnoi-zbroi-ce-zlocin-proti-ludstva-zelenskij.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
Vereshchuk advised the occupiers to voluntarily leave Crimea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3712254-veresuk-poradila-okupantam-dobrovilno-zalisiti-krim.html
Putin's arrest warrant: The Russian Federation was charged with the prosecutor and the judge of the ISS in absentia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712256-order-na-arest-putina-slidkom-rf-zaocno-predaviv-zvinuvacenna-prokuroru-i-suddi-mks.html
Zelensky compared the destroyed war of the city of Ukraine with Hiroshima
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712257-zelenskij-porivnav-zrujnovani-vijnou-mista-ukraini-z-hirosimou.html
Biden about debt commitments: The US has never declared a default and that will never be
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712260-bajden-pro-borgovi-zobovazanna-ssa-nikoli-ne-ogolosuvali-defolt-i-cogo-nikoli-ne-bude.html
South Korea promised to provide additional assistance to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712261-pivdenna-korea-poobicala-nadati-dodatkovu-dopomogu-ukraini.html
In Kharkiv region, due to the explosion of an unknown object, a man lost his foot
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712264-na-harkivsini-cerez-vibuh-nevidomogo-predmeta-colovik-vtrativ-stupnu.html
Zelensky thanked Hiroshima for blue-yellow flags on the streets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3712267-zelenskij-podakuvav-hirosimi-za-sinozovti-prapori-na-vulicah.html
UPL: Metalist-1925 won Metalist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712268-upl-metalist1925-peremig-metalist.html
The Russians fired the Chuguyu, damaged two recreation centers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712271-rosiani-obstrilali-cuguiv-poskodzeni-dvi-bazi-vidpocinku.html
Ukraine became sixth in group exercises in the finale with 5 hoops for artistic gymnastics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712273-ukraina-stala-sostou-v-grupovih-vpravah-u-finali-z-5-obrucami-na-ce-z-hudoznoi-gimnastiki.html
In the Ukrainian Martyrologist of the 20th Century, nearly 113 thousand cards about repressed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3712274-v-ukrainskomu-martirologu-20-stolitta-dostupni-majze-113-tisac-kartok-pro-represovanih.html
Everyone in the world has to respect other nations and recognize state borders - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712263-kozen-u-sviti-mae-povazati-insi-nacii-ta-viznavati-derzavni-kordoni-zelenskij.html
Four BBM, tank and four enemy cars - Syrsky were destroyed in the Bakhmut Defense Force
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712259-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-sili-oboroni-znisili-cotiri-bbm-tank-i-cotiri-avto-voroga-sirskij.html
Ukrnafta performs all the obligations to supply the fuel of the army - the Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3712281-ukrnafta-vikonue-vsi-zobovazanna-z-postacanna-paliva-armii-minoboroni.html
Macron at the G7 summit presented a new financial pact for climate defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712284-makron-na-samiti-g7-predstaviv-novij-finansovij-pakt-na-zahist-klimatu.html
In the Poltava region a man shot three people and blew himself a grenade
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712285-na-poltavsini-colovik-zastreliv-troh-ludej-i-pidirvav-sebe-granatou.html
Border guards neutralized in Bakhmut the assault group of Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712286-prikordonniki-zneskodili-v-bahmuti-sturmovu-grupu-rosian.html
The Russians fired at the border of Sumy and Chernihiv five times
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712287-rosiani-pat-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-ta-cernigivsini.html
Azov published the stories of the fighters about the last days of defense of Azovstal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3712291-azov-opriludniv-rozpovidi-bijciv-pro-ostanni-dni-oboroni-azovstali.html
Ukrainian Kravchenko won the gold of European Cup with Judo among the Cadets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712296-ukrainec-kravcenko-vigrav-zoloto-kubka-evropi-z-dzudo-sered-kadetiv.html
More than 2000 locals were supported in Lutsk by Lutsk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712298-u-lucku-veloden-pidtrimali-ponad-2000-mistan.html
The invaders hit the cities in Donetsk - two dead, six wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712297-zagarbniki-vdarili-po-mistah-na-doneccini-dvoe-zagiblih-sestero-poranenih.html
Lithuanian premiere does not exclude its resignation unless Parliament is gone for early elections
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712307-premerka-litvi-ne-viklucae-svoei-vidstavki-akso-parlament-ne-pide-na-dostrokovi-vibori.html
Volyn experts will help restore the Russians destroyed by the Russians in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3712303-volinski-fahivci-dopomozut-vidnoviti-znisene-rosianami-selo-na-hersonsini.html
Oliynyk-Korniyko brought Ukraine the second "gold" at the European Cup with judo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712306-olijnikkornijko-prinesla-ukraini-druge-zoloto-na-etapi-kubka-evropi-z-dzudo.html
In the Land Forces stated that they were cleaned from the enemy another 700 meters under Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712308-u-suhoputnih-vijskah-zaavili-so-zacistili-vid-voroga-se-700-metriv-pid-bahmutom.html
Biden has not yet decided who will pass the F-16 Ukraine-White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712309-bajden-se-ne-virisiv-ostatocno-hto-peredavatime-f16-ukraini-bilij-dim.html
Zelensky honored the memory of victims of political repression
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3712311-zelenskij-usanuvav-pamat-zertv-politicnih-represij.html
A charity auction for raising funds for the Azovstal defenders was held in the Kyiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712313-v-ukrainci-na-kiivsini-proveli-blagodijnij-aukcion-zi-zboru-kostiv-dla-zahisnikiv-azovstali.html
Svitolina has overcome the first circle of WTA tournament in France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712312-svitolina-podolala-perse-kolo-turniru-wta-u-francii.html
Sholtz: North Korea should stop nuclear tests
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712314-solc-pivnicna-korea-mae-pripiniti-aderni-viprobuvanna.html
Rescuers eliminated a fire in Solomenskiy district of Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3712316-ratuvalniki-likviduvali-pozezu-v-solomanskomu-rajoni-kieva.html
At Sicily because of the eruption of the Etna volcano suspended the work of Catania Airport
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712319-na-sicilii-cerez-viverzenna-vulkana-etna-prizupiniv-robotu-aeroport-katanii.html
Defense forces continue offensive on flanks near Bakhmut - Syrsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712321-sili-oboroni-prodovzuut-nastupalni-dii-na-flangah-poblizu-bahmuta-sirskij.html
UPL: "Movement" was stronger than "Lviv"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712323-upl-ruh-viavivsa-silnisim-za-lviv.html
Three enemy drones were destroyed in the Kherson region of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712324-na-hersonsini-zsu-znisili-tri-vorozi-bezpilotniki.html
Russian troops concentrate forces on five directions - a day 24 clashes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712326-vijska-rf-zoseredzuut-sili-na-pati-napramkah-za-dobu-24-zitknenna.html
The enemy fired two communities in Dnipropetrovsk, there is a destruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712328-vorog-obstrilav-dvi-gromadi-na-dnipropetrovsini.html
The invaders strike the Kharkov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712329-zagarbniki-zavdaut-udariv-po-harkovu.html
The Russians fired a village in Kharkiv region, a wounded man
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712334-rosiani-obstrilali-selo-na-harkivsini-poranenij-colovik.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
The ruling party is leading in Greece elections - Exitpol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712340-na-viborah-u-grecii-lidirue-pravlaca-partia-ekzipol.html
Borussia defeated Augsburg and headed the Bundesliga in the penultimate round
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712341-borussia-rozgromila-augsburg-i-ocolila-bundesligu-v-peredostannomu-turi.html
The invaders have to constantly feel threatened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712342-zagarbniki-maut-postijno-vidcuvati-zagrozu-otocenna-bahmuta-cerevatij.html
Air alarm is announced in a number of regions of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712345-u-nizci-oblastej-ukraini-ogolosena-povitrana-trivoga.html
At the G7 summit in Hiroshima Ukrainian theme was central - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712347-na-samiti-velikoi-simki-v-hirosimi-ukrainska-tematika-bula-centralnou-zelenskij.html
UN does not reflect the realities of the 21st century and requires reform - India Prime Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712344-oon-ne-vidobrazae-realij-xxi-stolitta-i-potrebue-reformuvanna-premer-indii.html
Curta Kobein's broken guitar was auctioned for almost $ 600,000
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3712348-rozbitu-gitaru-kurta-kobejna-prodali-na-aukcioni-majze-za-600-tisac.html
President: We have an understanding with the world majority about every significant point for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712350-prezident-maemo-porozuminna-zi-svitovou-bilsistu-sodo-koznogo-suttevogo-dla-ukraini-punktu.html
Star Wars star Mark Hemill is playing embroidery - funds will go for school recovery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3712352-zirka-zoranih-vijn-mark-gemill-rozigrue-visivanku-kosti-pidut-na-vidnovlenna-skoli.html
APL: "City City" in Champion status won Chelsea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712353-apl-man-siti-v-statusi-cempiona-peremig-celsi.html
In Odessa there was an explosion - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712356-v-odesi-prolunav-vibuh-zmi.html
Basketball: Real Madrid beat Olympiakos in the Eurolege finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3712354-basketbol-real-obigrav-olimpiakos-u-finali-evroligi.html
Cannes discussed the support of the digital and cultural sectors of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3712358-u-kannah-obgovorili-pidtrimku-cifrovogo-ta-kulturnogo-sektoriv-ukraini.html
The enemy for a day fired at seven communities of Sumy region, damaged dwellings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712365-vorog-za-den-obstrilav-sim-gromad-sumsini-poskodzeni-zitlovi-budinki.html
Crusted but unbroken city: SCO soldiers of Ukraine recorded a video in Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712366-roztrosene-ale-neskorene-voini-sso-ukraini-zapisali-video-u-bahmuti.html
Over a hundred Nobel laureates urge Belarus to release Belyatsky's political prisoner
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712368-ponad-sto-nobelivskih-laureativ-zaklikaut-bilorus-zvilniti-politvazna-belackogo.html
Eco -activists painted black water in the Roman fountain of Trevi
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712300-ekoaktivisti-zafarbuvali-cornim-vodu-v-rimskomu-fontani-trevi.html
Exposed 12 more pro-Russian online agitators
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/sbu-vykryla-shhe-12-prorosijskyh-internet-agitatoriv/
The Joint Forces Command showed the daily work of our artillerymen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/komanduvannya-obyednanyh-syl-pokazalo-shhodennu-robotu-nashyh-artylerystiv/
What to do if a loved one disappeared
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/shho-robyty-yakshho-blyzka-lyudyna-znykla-bezvisty/
As the Marines destroy the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/morpihy-pokazaly-yak-nyshhat-okupantiv/
Get funds to repair damaged as a result of a housing war: a program of being a renewal program has started
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/otrymaty-koshty-na-remont-poshkodzhenogo-vnaslidok-vijny-zhytla-startuvala-programa-yevidnovlennya/
Support Warriors took three -day tactical medicine courses
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/voyiny-syl-pidtrymky-projshly-trydenni-kursy-z-taktychnoyi-medyczyny/
Minus two "hyacinths" of the enemy in half a day: Calculation M777 works in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/za-piv-dnya-rozrahunok-m777-znyshhyv-dva-giaczynty-okupantiv-na-hersonshhyni-2/
Our aviation has made 10 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/nasha-aviacziya-zavdala-10-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
Bakhmut and Marinka remain at the epicenter of hostilities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/bahmut-ta-maryinka-zalyshayutsya-v-epiczentri-bojovyh-dij-3/
In Japan, the head of Ukrainian state met with President of Indonesia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/u-yaponiyi-glava-ukrayinskoyi-derzhavy-proviv-zustrich-iz-prezydentom-indoneziyi/
In the north direction of signs of offensive groups of the enemy was not revealed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/na-pivnichnomu-napryamku-oznak-nastupalnyh-ugrupovan-voroga-ne-vyyavleno/
In the temporarily captured territories, the occupiers turn even kindergartens into hospital
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/na-tymchasovo-zahoplenyh-terytoriyah-okupanty-peretvoryuyut-na-shpytali-navit-dytyachi-sadochky/
We need a global leadership of democracy - President Vladimir Zelensky's speech at a session of the Greater Seven and Ukraine Summit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/nam-potribne-globalne-liderstvo-demokratiyi-vystup-prezydenta-volodymyra-zelenskogo-na-sesiyi-samitu-krayin-velykoyi-simky-ta-ukrayiny/
Defense forces per day eliminated 730 invaders and destroyed 84 units of enemy weapons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-730-okupantiv-ta-znyshhyly-84-odynyczi-vorozhogo-ozbroyennya/
Volodymyr Zelensky's speech at the working session of the summit "Towards a peaceful, stable and prosperous world" with the participation of G7, Ukraine and partners
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/vystup-volodymyra-zelenskogo-na-robochij-sesiyi-samitu-nazustrich-myrnomu-stabilnomu-ta-proczvitayuchomu-svitu-za-uchastyu-krayin-g7-ukrayiny-ta-partneriv/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-3/
In Hiroshima, the President of Ukraine met with Canada Prime Minister
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/u-hirosimi-prezydent-ukrayiny-zustrivsya-z-premyer-ministrom-kanady/
The enemy has increased the presence of rocket launchers in the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/vorog-narostyv-prysutnist-raketonosiyiv-u-chornomu-mori/
We will share the experience of fighting … Georgia is sure to win
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/my-podilymosya-dosvidom-borotby-gruziya-obovyazkovo-peremozhe/
Volodymyr Zelensky thanked Joe Biden for leadership, for weapons, for the decision on the training of pilots
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/volodymyr-zelenskyj-podyakuvav-dzho-bajdenu-za-liderstvo-za-zbroyu-za-rishennya-pro-trenuvannya-pilotiv/
President for the military is not a politician but the leader is Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/odyn-z-klyuchovyh-vorozhyh-informaczijnyh-pryjomiv-zmishhaty-akczenty-z-vijny-na-polityku-ganna-malyar/
The President of Ukraine expressed gratitude to the Republic of Korea for the humanitarian and non -lethal assistance to our country
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/prezydent-ukrayiny-vyslovyv-podyaku-respubliczi-koreya-za-gumanitarnu-j-neletalnu-dopomogu-nashij-derzhavi/
The US has announced additional assistance to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/ssha-ogolosyla-pro-dodatkovu-dopomogu-ukrayini/
Anna Malyar: "One of the key hostile information techniques is to shift the emphasis from the war on politics"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/odyn-z-klyuchovyh-vorozhyh-informaczijnyh-pryjomiv-zmishhaty-akczenty-z-vijny-na-polityku-ganna-malyar-2/
Volodymyr Zelensky thanked for providing powerful financial assistance to Ukraine by the United States, which is already $ 37 billion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/volodymyr-zelenskyj-podyakuvav-za-nadannya-potuzhnoyi-finansovoyi-dopomogy-ukrayini-z-boku-ssha-yaka-vzhe-stanovyt-zagalom-ponad-37-milyardiv-dolariv/
The Armed Forces are constantly exchanged from the occupiers of the territory - Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/prodovzhuyemo-povertaty-bezpeku-saperni-pidrozdily-minoborony-ta-zsu-nevpynno-rozminovuyut-zvilneni-vid-okupantiv-terytoriyi-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
Investigators of the National Police are investigating almost 80,000 military crimes of Russian "soldiers"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/slidchi-naczpolicziyi-rozsliduyut-majzhe-80-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv-rosijskyh-voyakiv/
There are 6 enemy ships - the Navy of the Armed Forces in the Black Sea on combat duty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/u-chornomu-mori-na-bojovomu-cherguvanni-znahodytsya-6-vorozhyh-korabliv-vms-zsu/
The enemy failed to surround Bakhmut and they lost some of the dominant heights around the city - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/vorogu-ne-vdalos-otochyty-bahmut-i-vony-vtratyly-chastynu-panivnyh-vysot-dovkola-mista-ganna-malyar/
Several dozen F-16 aircraft can be transferred to Ukraine to solve only current tasks-Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/kilka-desyatkiv-litakiv-f-16-mozhut-buty-peredani-ukrayini-zadlya-vyrishennya-tilky-potochnyh-zavdan-yurij-ignat/
In a democratic country, even during the war, they provide legal protection of military criminals in courts
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/u-demokratychnij-krayini-navit-pid-chas-vijny-zabezpechuyut-yurydychnyj-zahyst-voyennyh-zlochyncziv-u-sudah/
Joe Biden and Volodymyr Zelenskyy give a press conference following the summit of the leaders of the Seven Group in Hiroshima
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/prezydent-ssha-dzho-bajden-daye-preskonferencziyu-za-pidsumkamy-samitu-lideriv-krayin-grupy-semy-v-hirosimi/
Over the past day, the enemy fired at 9 regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-protyvnyk-obstrilyav-terytoriyu-9-oblastej-ukrayiny/
1463 children were injured in Ukraine as a result of full -scale armed aggression of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/1463-dytyny-postrazhdaly-v-ukrayini-vnaslidok-povnomasshtabnoyi-zbrojnoyi-agresiyi-rf/
The Commander of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces on the relevance of Bakhmut's defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/komanduvach-suhoputnyh-vijsk-zsu-pro-aktualnist-oborony-bahmutu/
The Ukrainian military continues to keep positions in Bakhmut - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/ukrayinski-vijskovi-prodovzhuyut-utrymuvaty-pozycziyi-v-bahmuti-sergij-cherevatyj/
US military will start training Ukrainian pilots for F-16-Joe Biden
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/amerykanski-vijskovi-pochnut-trenuvaty-ukrayinskyh-pilotiv-dlya-f-16-dzho-bajden/
The Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine announced the Conference on Restoration of Ukraine (URC 2023), which will be held next month in London
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/kabinet-ministriv-ukrayiny-anonsuvav-konferencziyu-z-pytan-vidnovlennya-ukrayiny-urc-2023-kotra-projde-nastupnogo-misyaczya-u-londoni/
The Navy of the Armed Forces continue to fight Russian aggression by destroying the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/vms-zsu-prodovzhuyut-borotysya-z-rosijskoyu-agresiyeyu-znyshhuyuchy-okupantiv/
The Head of State visited the Museum of Peace in Hiroshima and laid flowers at the memorial to the victims of atomic bombardment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/glava-derzhavy-vidvidav-muzej-myru-v-hirosimi-ta-poklav-kvity-do-memorialu-zhertvam-atomnogo-bombarduvannya/
During the day, SESS units surveyed 44 hectares and seized 493 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/protyagom-doby-pidrozdily-dsns-obstezhyly-44-gektary-ta-vyluchyly-493-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmety/
163 Departures per day: SESS eliminates the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/163-vyyizdy-za-dobu-dsns-likviduye-naslidky-vorozhyh-obstriliv/
"Russia's Twing to Bakhmut's reserves means that they will not be used in other areas of the front" - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/perekydannya-rosiyeyu-rezerviv-do-bahmuta-oznachaye-shho-vony-ne-budut-vykorystani-na-inshyh-dilyankah-frontu-gur/
Ukraine hopes that Japan with its advanced technologies will help in the post -war reconstruction - President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/ukrayina-spodivayetsya-shho-yaponiya-zi-svoyimy-peredovymy-tehnologiyamy-dopomozhe-u-povoyennij-vidbudovi-prezydent/
The decision to train Ukrainian pilots on the F-16 is the first step to the even more powerful protection of our sky-Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/rishennya-pro-trenuvannya-ukrayinskyh-lotchykiv-na-f-16-ye-pershym-krokom-do-shhe-potuzhnishogo-zahystu-nashogo-neba-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
President honored memory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/volodymyr-zelenskyj-ushanuvav-pamyat-zhertv-politychnyh-represij/
Bakhmut's battles continue - the General Staff of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/boyi-za-misto-bahmut-tryvayut-genshtab-zsu/
The enemy firets the border territories of northern Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/vorog-obstrilyuye-prykordonni-terytoriyi-pivnochi-ukrayiny/
Aviation of Defense Forces struck the enemy of 16 beats
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-po-vorogu-16-udariv/
Donetsk region shelling with victims among civilians - the investigation has been started
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/obstril-donechchyny-z-zhertvamy-sered-czyvilnyh-rozpochato-rozsliduvannya/
Occupants restrict civilian access to mobile communications
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/okupanty-obmezhuyut-dostup-czyvilnogo-naselennya-do-mobilnogo-zvyazku/
Soon - summer vacations. Where this year or on preferential conditions will be able to rest the children of servicemen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/nezabarom-litni-kanikuly-de-czogo-roku-bezkoshtovno-abo-na-pilgovyh-umovah-zmozhut-vidpochyty-dity-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
Sappers provide safety for farmers in Mykolaiv region, 80 hectares of agricultural land are exchanged
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/sapery-zabezpechuyut-bezpeku-dlya-fermeriv-na-mykolayivshhyni-rozminovano-80-ga-silgospugid/
In Hiroshima, Ukraine was an honorary participant in the work of the Great Seven, and Ukrainian topics - central - President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/u-hirosimi-ukrayina-bula-pochesnym-uchasnykom-roboty-velykoyi-simky-a-ukrayinska-tematyka-czentralnoyu-prezydent/
It is impossible to imagine a stable and long -term peace in Europe without Ukraine's membership in the Alliance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/nemozhlyvo-uyavyty-stijkyj-i-dovgotryvalyj-myr-u-yevropi-bez-chlenstva-ukrayiny-v-alyansi/
Enemy losses per week - 4 280 invaders and 542 weapons and military equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/vtraty-voroga-za-tyzhden-4280-osib-ta-542-odynycz-ozbroyennya-ta-vijskovoyi-tehniky/
In the Tavriysk direction, the Russians 26 times to no avail attacked the positions of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-rosiyany-26-raziv-bezrezultatno-atakuvaly-pozycziyi-zsu/
In Bykivna, the memory of victims of political repression was honored
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/u-bykivni-vshanuvaly-pamyat-zhertv-politychnyh-represij/
The occupier tells about the loss and intention to return because of deliberate injury
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/okupant-rozpovidaye-pro-vtraty-ta-namir-povernutys-cherez-navmysne-poranennya/
Armed Forces successfully destroyed three enemy drones in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/zsu-uspishno-znyshhyly-try-vorozhi-bezpilotnyky-na-hersonshhyni/
The Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine thanked Sweden for the rehabilitation of wounded Ukrainian soldiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/golova-verhovnoyi-rady-ukrayiny-podyakuvav-shvecziyi-za-reabilitacziyu-poranenyh-ukrayinskyh-voyiniv/
Short. War. Day 452. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/21/korotko-vijna-den-452-videodajdzhest/
OP commented Guterresh's statement about the need to reform the UN Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712371-v-op-zreaguvali-na-zaavu-guterresa-pro-neobhidnist-reformuvati-radbez-oon.html
In Ukraine, dry weather will prevail, up to +23 ° in the afternoon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712178-v-ukraini-zavtra-perevazatime-suha-pogoda-vden-do-23.html
OP commented Guterresh's statement about the need to reform the UN Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3712371-v-op-zreaguvali-na-zaavu-guterresa-pro-neobhidnist-reformuvati-radbez-oon.html
Air defense knocked down a percussion drone that the Russians directed to Odesa region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712372-ppo-zbila-nad-morem-udarnij-bezpilotnik-akij-rosiani-spramuvali-na-odesinu.html
In Ukraine, dry weather will prevail, up to +23 ° in the afternoon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3712178-v-ukraini-zavtra-perevazatime-suha-pogoda-vden-do-23.html
At the pro -Russian action in the capital of Bulgaria poured paint the office of the European Union
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3712373-na-prorosijskij-akcii-u-stolici-bolgarii-oblili-farbou-ofis-evrosouzu.html
The fighters have successfully passed the test - Sergey Naev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/bijczi-uspishno-projshly-vyprobuvannya-sergij-nayev/
乌克兰和世界 - 反对俄罗斯侵略
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/22/ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-14/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====