乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-04-16

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

Nikolaev, Mykolaiv region, Kherson, Kherson region (01:19). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. WITH...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43111
Zaporizka Oblast(01:28). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43112
Donetsk Oblast(01:43). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43115
Zaporizka Oblast(02:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43121
Donetsk Oblast(05:09). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43125
CPD found basic manipulations from the world media per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/czpd-vyyavyv-osnovni-manipulyacziyi-vid-svitovyh-zmi-za-dobu/
The Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine apparatus gave the volunteers holiday belts for Ukrainian defenders and defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/aparat-verhovnoyi-rady-ukrayiny-peredav-volonteram-svyatkovi-pasky-dlya-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv-i-zahysnycz/
The SBU detained deeds who tried to wander the money from the Armed Forces fighters and their relatives
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/sbu-zatrymala-dilkiv-yaki-namagalysya-vyduryuvaty-groshi-z-bijcziv-zsu-ta-yihnih-rodychiv/
It was reported suspicion of a deputy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-deputatu-rf-yakyj-na-kameru-rostb-komanduvav-artobstrilom-pozyczij-zsu/
Denis Shmigal discussed with the Ministers of Finance of the United Kingdom, Germany and France plans for supporting Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/denys-shmygal-obgovoryv-z-ministramy-finansiv-velykoyi-brytaniyi-nimechchyny-ta-francziyi-plany-finansovoyi-pidtrymky-ukrayiny/
The President of Ukraine celebrated 45 defenders state awards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/prezydent-ukrayiny-vidznachyv-derzhavnymy-nagorodamy-45-zahysnykiv/
During the last day of the Defense Forces repelled 56 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-syly-oborony-vidbyly-56-atak-voroga/
Belarus checks the combat readiness of the army -
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/bilorut-pereviryaye-boyegotovnist-vijska/
The CPD informs about the main narrative that has been promoted by Roszma in a day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/czpd-informuye-pro-osnovnyj-naratyv-shho-za-dobu-prosuvaly-roszmi/
Occupants steal oils from electric transformers and disconnect the streets of cities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/okupnaty-kradut-mastyla-z-elektrotransformatoriv-ta-znestrumlyuyut-vulyczi-mist/
Our artillery struck the management point and 3 areas of focus of the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/nasha-artyleriya-urazyla-punkt-upravlinnya-ta-3-rajony-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
Another minus 460 occupants, 3 tanks and 4 BBM: daily loss of enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/shhe-minus-460-okupantiv-3-tanky-ta-4-bbm-dobovi-vtraty-voroga/
Danilov: Chinese weapons we are not seeing on our front right now
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696774-danilov-kitajskogo-ozbroenna-mi-zaraz-na-nasomu-fronti-ne-bacimo.html
Vladislav Bukhov has won the fifth swimming license for Ukraine for Olympic Games in Paris
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696770-vladislav-buhov-zdobuv-patu-licenziu-z-plavanna-dla-ukraini-na-olimpijski-igri-u-parizi.html
The invaders fired at the Zaporozhye region, damaging the country houses - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696773-zagarbniki-obstrilali-zaporizku-oblast-poskodivsi-dacni-budinki-ova.html
Anastasia German won the "silver" of the World Cup on ball shooting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696769-anastasia-nimec-vigrala-sriblo-kubka-svitu-z-kulovoi-strilbi.html
Solsky will discuss the export of agricultural products with Ministers of Poland, Romania and Slovakia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696763-solskij-nastupnogo-tizna-obgovorit-eksport-agroprodukcii-z-ministrami-polsi-rumunii-ta-slovaccini.html
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Novomlynsk, Dvorichna and Berestove of Kharkiv reg...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4505
In Iran, 10 servicemen were sentenced to imprisonment in the case
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696768-v-irani-10-vijskovosluzbovciv-zasudili-do-uvaznenna-u-spravi-pro-zbitij-litak-mau.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Stelmakhivka, Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region a...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4506
Ukraine exported to Poland about 10% of the total supply of agro -products - Solsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696765-ukraina-eksportuvala-do-polsi-blizko-10-vid-zagalnogo-obsagu-postavok-agroprodukcii-solskij.html
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Minkivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarkov ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4507
JSC Avdiivka Directiones Rusian Army Shelled Ceramics, Steppe, Berdyshi, Avdiivka, Pervomis ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4508
Putin met with the Minister of Defense of China: Talked about military cooperation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696764-putin-zustrivsa-z-ministrom-oboroni-kitau-govorili-pro-vijskovu-spivpracu.html
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Heorhiyivka, Maryinka, Kurakhove, Pobyeda and Novo...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4509
The enemy fired at Sumy region three times a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696760-vorog-za-dobu-trici-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini.html
The Netherlands allocate € 100 million to support farmers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696759-niderlandi-vidilaut-ukraini-100-miljoniv-na-pidtrimku-fermeriv.html
Ukraine's female boxing team took the first team place in Finland tournament in Finland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696758-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-boksu-posila-perse-zagalnokomandne-misce-na-turniri-v-finlandii.html
Pro -Russian forces again conducted an anti -government protest in Prague
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696756-prorosijski-sili-znovu-proveli-antiuradovij-protest-u-prazi.html
Wednesday: Starting the Silver Season on the World Cup is a good result
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696752-sereda-pocati-sezon-zi-sribla-na-kubku-svitu-ce-horosij-rezultat.html
The Russians fired twice a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696750-rosiani-dvici-za-dobu-obstrilali-nikopolsinu.html
Mkip congratulated circus artists on a professional holiday
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3696751-mkip-privitalo-artistiv-cirku-z-profesijnim-svatom.html
The US is discussing the mechanisms for the transfer of frozen assets of the Russian Federation for reconstruction of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3696749-ssa-obgovoruut-mehanizmi-peredaci-zamorozenih-aktiviv-rf-dla-vidbudovi-ukraini.html
Svetlana Samulyak won three "silver" on a weightlifting athletics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696745-svitlana-samulak-zdobula-tri-sribla-na-ce-z-vazkoi-atletiki.html
Solsky discussed with Hungarian colleague exports of Ukrainian agricultural products
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696744-solskij-obgovoriv-z-ugorskim-kolegou-eksport-ukrainskoi-agroprodukcii.html
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine will visit Iraq tomorrow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696742-glava-mzs-ukraini-zavtra-vidvidae-irak.html
Rescuers showed the situation with water lifting in Kyiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696740-ratuvalniki-pokazali-situaciu-z-pidjomom-vodi-na-kiivsini.html
From under the rubble to Slavyansk got 15 people, rescue work completed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696738-zpid-zavaliv-u-slovansku-distali-15-ludej-ratuvalni-roboti-zaverseni.html
Mikhail Romanchuk won the third license for Olympic Games in Paris
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696736-mihajlo-romancuk-zdobuv-tretu-licenziu-na-olimpijski-igri-u-parizi.html
Berlusconi was transferred from intensive care after 12 days of treatment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696735-berluskoni-pereveli-z-reanimacii-pisla-12-dniv-likuvanna.html
Krumy will play in the main grid of the ATP 500 in Spain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696732-krutih-zigrae-v-osnovnij-sitci-turniru-atp-500-v-ispanii.html
The Armed Forces reflected more than 45 Russian attacks in four directions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696733-zsu-vidbili-ponad-45-rosijskih-atak-na-cotiroh-napramkah.html
The "drain" of secret documents did not affect the US cooperation with partners - Blinken
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696726-zliv-sekretnih-dokumentiv-ne-vplinuv-na-spivpracu-ssa-z-partnerami-blinken.html
Bulgaria considers the possibility of banning import of Ukrainian grain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696724-bolgaria-rozgladae-mozlivist-zaboroni-importu-ukrainskogo-zerna.html
YouTube allows you to post videos that advertise Wagner PVC - Sunday Times
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696776-youtube-dozvolae-rozmisuvati-video-aki-reklamuut-pvk-vagner-sunday-times.html
Lutsk was sentenced to the Telegram-channel administrator about the summons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696775-u-lucku-zasudili-administratora-telegramkanalu-pro-povistki.html
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(08:02). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/23912
Donetsk Oblast(08:04). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43128
Zaporizka Oblast(08:44). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43129
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Bunyakyne, Iskryskivschyn...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4504
130 Ukrainian servicemen were released from Russian captivity in a new prisoners swap
https://t.me/ermaka2022/2453
Russian army shelled a church in Komyshuvakha town of Zaporizhzhia region
https://t.me/info_zp/33236
Donetsk Oblast(10:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43135
Zaporizka Oblast(12:05). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43139
Eastern Christians celebrate Easter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696498-hristiani-shidnogo-obradu-svatkuut-velikden.html
Zaporizka Oblast(13:20). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43141
Donetsk Oblast(13:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43142
In Sudan due to clashes at least 25 dead, another 183 wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696499-u-sudani-unaslidok-suticok-sonajmense-25-zagiblih-se-183-poraneni.html
Defense forces destroyed already 182 070 Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696500-sili-oboroni-znisili-vze-182-070-rosian.html
Zelensky congratulated the Ukrainians on Easter: ahead or not the hardest of the peaks we will overcome it
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696501-zelenskij-privitav-ukrainciv-iz-velikodnem-poperedu-ci-ne-najvazca-z-versin-mi-podolaemo-ii.html
Russians last day wounded four inhabitants of Donetsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696502-rosiani-minuloi-dobi-poranili-cotiroh-ziteliv-doneccini.html
In the Nikolaev area, two teenagers were killed as a result of shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696503-na-mikolaivsini-vnaslidok-obstrilu-zaginuli-dvoe-pidlitkiv.html
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(14:24). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43143
During the day the Russians 70 times fired at Kherson region, two dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696504-za-dobu-rosiani-70-raziv-obstrilali-hersonsinu-dvoe-zagiblih.html
Hungary has banned the import of agricultural products from Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696505-ugorsina-zaboronila-import-agroprodukcii-z-ukraini.html
Four people - rescuers can be in Slavyansk under rubble - rescuers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696509-u-slovansku-pid-zavalami-mozut-perebuvati-cotiri-ludini-ratuvalniki.html
The memory of the police officer Irina Gordievich
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3694278-pamati-oficera-policii-irini-gordievic.html
Zaluzhny on Easter: Ukraine in unity will overcome the enemy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696515-zaluznij-u-velikden-ukraina-v-ednosti-zdolae-voroga.html
Evil strength is temporary: Epiphany congratulated Ukrainians on Easter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696517-sila-zla-e-timcasovou-epifanij-privitav-ukrainciv-z-velikodnem.html
In Sudan, the number of victims of clashes increased to 56, wounded - over half a thousand
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696525-u-sudani-kilkist-zertv-suticok-zrosla-do-56-poranenih-ponad-piv-tisaci.html
Poltavska Oblast, Zaporizka Oblast, Donetsk Oblast(15:32). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens s...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43150
Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Sumy region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region (15: ZH). Red Alrt: ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43153
The invaders in the LNR declared a military call of 18-year-old
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696529-zagarbniki-v-lnr-ogolosili-vijskovij-prizov-18ricnih.html
UkrPoshta April 21 launches brand with Easter eggs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696530-ukrposta-21-kvitna-zapuskae-v-obig-marki-z-pisankami.html
Zhiley won Joyce ahead of time and became a new contender for WBO Usik's belt
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696534-czilej-dostrokovo-peremig-dzojsa-ta-stav-novim-pretendentom-na-poas-wbo-usika.html
UWC President congratulated the Ukrainians on Easter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3696537-prezident-sku-privitav-ukrainciv-z-velikodnem.html
Play-OF NBA: "Sacramento" Lenya Mess "Golden Steit"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696538-plejof-nba-sakramento-lena-peremig-golden-stejt.html
The Russians hit the aviation at the village in Sumy region at night, two victims
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696539-rosiani-vnoci-vdarili-z-aviacii-po-selisu-na-sumsini-dvoe-postrazdalih.html
130 Ukrainian military were liberated from Russian captivity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696541-z-rosijskogo-polonu-vizvolili-se-130-ukrainskih-vijskovih.html
In the Black Sea, Russia holds two underwater rocket launchers with eight "calibra" - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696545-u-cornomu-mori-rosia-trimae-dva-pidvodni-raketonosii-iz-vismoma-kalibrami-gumenuk.html
In Mexico, militants killed seven people in a public pool
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696550-u-meksici-bojoviki-vbili-simoh-ludej-u-gromadskomu-basejni.html
The number of floods has increased in Ukraine - water has poured over 900 yards, hundreds of houses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696555-v-ukraini-zrosla-kilkist-pidtoplen-voda-zalila-ponad-900-dvoriv-sotni-budinkiv.html
Air defense is active in Belgorod region
https://t.me/huyovy_kharkiv/106369
In the 21st round of UPL on Sunday, two matches will be played
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696557-u-21u-turi-upl-v-nedilu-zigraut-dva-matci.html
In Zaporozhye, Russian missiles destroyed the church where Easter service was to take place
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696559-na-zaporizzi-rosijski-raketi-zrujnuvali-cerkvu-de-mala-vidbutisa-velikodna-sluzba.html
DPRK boat crossed the border of Korea, opened a warning fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696563-kater-kndr-peretnuv-kordon-korei-po-nomu-vidkrili-poperedzuvalnij-vogon.html
The invaders released on Snihurivka about ten s-300 missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696561-zagarbniki-vnoci-vipustili-po-snigurivci-blizko-desati-raket-s300.html
APL: Arsenal will play with West Heme, Nottingham Forest against Mu
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696567-apl-arsenal-zigrae-iz-vest-gemom-nottingem-forest-proti-mu.html
Messi caught up with Ronaldo in the number of heads in the top 5 leagues of Europe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696570-messi-nazdognav-ronaldu-za-kilkistu-goliv-u-top5-ligah-evropi.html
In Energodar, the Russians prepare the abduction of children - they want to take the Crimea on the buses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696575-v-energodari-rosiani-gotuut-vikradenna-ditej-hocut-vivezti-v-krim-na-avtobusah-zaes.html
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(17:38). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/23929
Poltavska Oblast(17:38). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/10798
Donetsk region, Sumy region, Zaporizhzhya region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region (17: ZIA). Red and ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43166
Russia has returned to the front of one of the removed generals - British intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696579-rosia-povernula-na-front-odnogo-z-vidstoronenih-generaliv-britanska-rozvidka.html
The Russians attacked eight regions of Ukraine per day - erection of ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696581-rosiani-za-dobu-atakuvali-visim-oblastej-ukraini-zvedenna-ova.html
Finland launched the largest nuclear reactor in Europe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696586-finlandia-zapustila-najbilsij-u-evropi-adernij-reaktor.html
In Slavic, the number of rocket blow victims increased to 12
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696591-u-slovansku-kilkist-zertv-raketnogo-udaru-zrosla-do-12.html
The Russian Federation can use the "drain" of the Pentagon data and put fake documents into the network - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696588-rf-moze-vikoristati-zliv-danih-pentagonu-i-vkinuti-u-merezu-fejkovi-dokumenti-danilov.html
Guardiola: If we lose Arsenal - a race by APL title can end
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696592-gvardiola-akso-prograemo-arsenalu-gonka-za-titulom-apl-moze-zaversitisa.html
In Boryspil - Emergency Disabling Light
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696597-u-borispoli-avarijni-vidklucenna-svitla.html
Naev brought the military to the positions of Easter cakes consecrated by epiphany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696598-naev-priviz-vijskovim-na-pozicii-paski-osvaceni-epifaniem.html
The PCC conducted the first Easter service in the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696602-pcu-provela-persu-velikodnu-sluzbu-v-kievopecerskij-lavri.html
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(18:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43173
G7 countries have pledged to accelerate the rejection of fossil fuels
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696605-kraini-g7-zobovazalisa-priskoriti-vidmovu-vid-vikopnogo-paliva.html
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(19:08). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43174
In Mariupol on the spot nearly 30 high -rise buildings now the desert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696608-u-mariupoli-na-misci-majze-30-bagatopoverhivok-teper-pustela.html
Ukrainian Lomachinskaya won two bronze medals on a weightlifting athletics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696609-ukrainka-lomacinska-zdobula-dvi-bronzovi-medali-na-ce-z-vazkoi-atletiki.html
Head of the UGCC: The Resurrection of Christ is not just about Him, it's about each of us
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696610-glava-ugkc-voskresinna-hristove-ce-ne-tilki-pro-nogo-ce-pro-koznogo-z-nas.html
The Russians blocked the entrance to the Sevastopol Bay - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3696617-rosiani-perekrili-vhid-do-sevastopolskoi-buhti-zmi.html
Ukrainian Intelligence is already using American Black Hawk Guhril
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696618-ukrainska-rozvidka-vze-vikoristovue-amerikanskij-gvintokril-black-hawk.html
The Russians fired a temple from the artillery in Nikopol, there are wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696620-rosiani-obstrilali-z-artilerii-hram-u-nikopoli-e-poraneni.html
In Kharkiv, border guards destroyed an enemy drone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696625-na-harkivsini-prikordonniki-znisili-vorozij-bezpilotnik.html
There are 300 mobile stations operated on Deo -Kherson Region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3696632-na-deokupovanij-hersonsini-pracuut-300-stancij-mobilnogo-zvazku.html
A disaster with a military helicopter in Japan: at the bottom of the ocean found the bodies of five dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696633-u-aponii-na-dni-okeanu-viavili-tila-patoh-zagiblih-u-katastrofi-vijskovogo-gelikoptera.html
121 invaders were destroyed in the Bakhmut Armed Forces district
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696636-za-dobu-v-rajoni-bahmuta-zsu-znisili-121-zagarbnika.html
Donetsk Oblast(20:21). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43177
The sculptures of the toddlers-founders of Kiev were dressed in Easter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3696638-skulpturi-malukivzasnovnikiv-kieva-perevdagli-do-velikodna.html
Zaporizka Oblast(20:23). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43179
SpaceX has been licensed to run its most powerful Starship missile
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3696642-spacex-otrimala-licenziu-na-zapusk-svoei-najpotuznisoi-raketi-starship.html
Explosions reported in Zaporizhzhia
https://t.me/war_monitor/6639
Radivilov - bronze medalist of sports gymnastics in a reference jump
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696643-radivilov-bronzovij-prizer-ce-zi-sportivnoi-gimnastiki-v-opornomu-stribku.html
Wednesday is the silver medalist of the first stage of the COP from jumping into water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696646-sereda-sribnij-prizer-persogo-etapu-ks-zi-stribkiv-u-vodu.html
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(20:49). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43180
Sumska Oblast(20:51). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43181
Ilya Kovtun won the debut "gold" on a sports gymnastics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696652-illa-kovtun-zdobuv-debutne-zoloto-na-ce-zi-sportivnoi-gimnastiki.html
Aircraft and hundreds of shelling: in the Armed Forces told about the situation in the Kupyansk-Liman direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696654-avianaloti-j-sotni-obstriliv-u-zsu-rozpovili-pro-situaciu-na-kupanskolimanskomu-napramku.html
Zinchenko will not play against West Hema because
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696659-zincenko-ne-zigrae-proti-vest-gema-cerez-problemi-z-pahom.html
The invaders fired again Kherson and Berislav
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696661-zagarbniki-znovu-obstrilali-herson-i-berislav.html
China launched a new meteorological satellite
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3696666-kitaj-zapustiv-novij-meteorologicnij-suputnik.html
In Russian Bryansk, a drone with explosives - Roszma fell
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696668-u-rosijskomu-bransku-vpav-bezpilotnik-iz-vibuhivkou-roszmi.html
Germany received 337 reports of war crimes in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696669-nimeccina-otrimala-337-povidomlen-pro-voenni-zlocini-v-ukraini.html
A man who threw a grenade from people was detained in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3696671-u-kievi-zatrimali-colovika-akij-kinuv-u-ludej-granatu.html
Japanese journalist Takashi Ozaki in the Mariupol Chaplain Battalion accepted baptism
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696673-aponskij-zurnalist-takasi-ozaki-u-kapelanskomu-bataljoni-mariupol-prijnav-hresenna.html
UPL: Shakhtar has overcome "Lviv"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696674-upl-sahtar-zdolav-lviv.html
Defense and Recovery: Shmigal told about the results of the visit to the US and Canada
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696678-oborona-ta-vidnovlenna-smigal-rozpoviv-pro-rezultati-vizitu-do-ssa-i-kanadi.html
Elina Svitolina will play at WTA 125 in Paris
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696681-elina-svitolina-zigrae-na-turniri-wta-125-u-parizi.html
Ilya Kovtun won bronze at a sports gymnastics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696684-illa-kovtun-zdobuv-bronzu-na-ce-zi-sportivnoi-gimnastiki.html
Six thousand servicemen will take part in the Charles III coronation of Charles III
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696686-u-koronacii-carlza-iii-vizmut-ucast-sist-tisac-vijskovosluzbovciv.html
Sudan was killed and injured by the UN Colorobina as a result of clashes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696692-u-sudani-vnaslidok-suticok-zaginuli-j-zaznali-poranen-spivrobiniki-oon.html
Defense forces destroyed the Russians's observation post in the Dnieper Islands
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696696-sili-oboroni-znisili-spostereznij-punkt-rosian-na-dniprovskih-ostrovah.html
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(22:33). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/23938
Poltavska Oblast(22:33). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/10801
Sumy region, Donetsk region, Zaporizhzhya region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region (22: ZH). Red and ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43191
Due to an enemy attack in Zaporozhye, four high -rise buildings are damaged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696695-cerez-nicnu-ataku-voroga-v-zaporizzi-poskodzeni-cotiri-bagatopoverhivki.html
Protest on the train: Australia detained 50 eco -activists who dumped from coal cars
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696682-protest-na-potazi-v-avstralii-zatrimali-50-ekoaktivistiv-aki-skidali-z-vagoniv-vugilla.html
The European Commission has criticized the decisions of Poland and Hungary to ban grain imports from Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696699-v-evrokomisii-rozkritikuvali-risenna-polsi-ta-ugorsini-sodo-zaboroni-importu-zerna-z-ukraini.html
Air Force fix the activity of about 20 Russian aircraft - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696701-povitrani-sili-fiksuut-aktivnist-blizko-20-rosijskih-litakiv-ignat.html
In Mexico, one of the most active volcanoes of the world woke up
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696702-u-meksici-prokinuvsa-odin-iz-najaktivnisih-vulkaniv-svitu.html
UPL: Vorskla has minimally overcome Chernomorets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696703-upl-vorskla-minimalno-zdolala-cornomorec.html
Pope Roman on Easter wished peace to all who suffer from war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696705-papa-rimskij-u-velikden-pobazav-miru-vsim-hto-strazdae-vid-vijni.html
In Slavyansk, a woman's body got out of the rubble - the death toll increased to 13
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696706-u-slovansku-zpid-zavaliv-distali-tilo-zinki-kilkist-zagiblih-zrosla-do-13.html
La Liga: "Girona" won "Elche"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696710-la-liga-zirona-peremogla-elce.html
The enemy from spring has changed the tactics of shelling - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696711-vorog-z-vesni-zminiv-taktiku-obstriliv-ignat.html
In southern China, a large -scale forest fire rages
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696715-na-pivdni-kitau-virue-masstabna-lisova-pozeza.html
APL: Arsenal without Zinchenko lost points with West Heme
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696716-apl-arsenal-bez-zincenka-vtrativ-ocki-iz-vest-gemom.html
Explosions were reported at substations in Belgorod
https://t.me/zhest_belgorod/25085
In Ukraine it will be cloudy, somewhere with rains, in the afternoon to +16 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696653-v-ukraini-bude-hmarno-podekudi-iz-dosami-vden-do-16.html
Ukraine at the London Book Fair will be represented by 21 publishers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3695421-ukrainu-na-londonskomu-knizkovomu-armarku-predstavlatime-21-vidavnictvo.html
Usik congratulated the Ukrainians on Easter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696719-usik-privitav-ukrainciv-z-velikodnem.html
The Earth approaches a hundred -meter asteroid - nasa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3696720-do-zemli-nablizaetsa-stometrovij-asteroid-nasa.html
Brazil's President urged to create an analog of G20 to complete the Russian-Ukrainian War
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696723-prezident-brazilii-zaklikav-stvoriti-analog-g20-dla-zaversenna-rosijskoukrainskoi-vijni.html
Bulgaria considers the possibility of banning import of Ukrainian grain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696724-bolgaria-rozgladae-mozlivist-zaboroni-importu-ukrainskogo-zerna.html
The "drain" of secret documents did not affect the US cooperation with partners - Blinken
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696726-zliv-sekretnih-dokumentiv-ne-vplinuv-na-spivpracu-ssa-z-partnerami-blinken.html
The Armed Forces reflected more than 45 Russian attacks in four directions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696733-zsu-vidbili-ponad-45-rosijskih-atak-na-cotiroh-napramkah.html
Krumy will play in the main grid of the ATP 500 in Spain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696732-krutih-zigrae-v-osnovnij-sitci-turniru-atp-500-v-ispanii.html
Berlusconi was transferred from intensive care after 12 days of treatment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696735-berluskoni-pereveli-z-reanimacii-pisla-12-dniv-likuvanna.html
Mikhail Romanchuk won the third license for Olympic Games in Paris
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696736-mihajlo-romancuk-zdobuv-tretu-licenziu-na-olimpijski-igri-u-parizi.html
From under the rubble to Slavyansk got 15 people, rescue work completed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696738-zpid-zavaliv-u-slovansku-distali-15-ludej-ratuvalni-roboti-zaverseni.html
Rescuers showed the situation with water lifting in Kyiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696740-ratuvalniki-pokazali-situaciu-z-pidjomom-vodi-na-kiivsini.html
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine will visit Iraq tomorrow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696742-glava-mzs-ukraini-zavtra-vidvidae-irak.html
Solsky discussed with Hungarian colleague exports of Ukrainian agricultural products
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696744-solskij-obgovoriv-z-ugorskim-kolegou-eksport-ukrainskoi-agroprodukcii.html
Svetlana Samulyak won three "silver" on a weightlifting athletics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696745-svitlana-samulak-zdobula-tri-sribla-na-ce-z-vazkoi-atletiki.html
The US is discussing the mechanisms for the transfer of frozen assets of the Russian Federation for reconstruction of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3696749-ssa-obgovoruut-mehanizmi-peredaci-zamorozenih-aktiviv-rf-dla-vidbudovi-ukraini.html
МКІП привітало артистів цирку з професійним святом
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3696751-mkip-privitalo-artistiv-cirku-z-profesijnim-svatom.html
The Russians fired twice a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696750-rosiani-dvici-za-dobu-obstrilali-nikopolsinu.html
Wednesday: Starting the Silver Season on the World Cup is a good result
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696752-sereda-pocati-sezon-zi-sribla-na-kubku-svitu-ce-horosij-rezultat.html
Pro -Russian forces again conducted an anti -government protest in Prague
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696756-prorosijski-sili-znovu-proveli-antiuradovij-protest-u-prazi.html
Ukraine's female boxing team took the first team place in Finland tournament in Finland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696758-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-boksu-posila-perse-zagalnokomandne-misce-na-turniri-v-finlandii.html
The Netherlands allocate € 100 million to support farmers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696759-niderlandi-vidilaut-ukraini-100-miljoniv-na-pidtrimku-fermeriv.html
The enemy fired at Sumy region three times a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696760-vorog-za-dobu-trici-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini.html
Putin met with the Minister of Defense of China: Talked about military cooperation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696764-putin-zustrivsa-z-ministrom-oboroni-kitau-govorili-pro-vijskovu-spivpracu.html
Ukraine exported to Poland about 10% of the total supply of agro -products - Solsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696765-ukraina-eksportuvala-do-polsi-blizko-10-vid-zagalnogo-obsagu-postavok-agroprodukcii-solskij.html
In Iran, 10 servicemen were sentenced to imprisonment in the case
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696768-v-irani-10-vijskovosluzbovciv-zasudili-do-uvaznenna-u-spravi-pro-zbitij-litak-mau.html
Solsky will discuss the export of agricultural products with Ministers of Poland, Romania and Slovakia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696763-solskij-nastupnogo-tizna-obgovorit-eksport-agroprodukcii-z-ministrami-polsi-rumunii-ta-slovaccini.html
Anastasia German won the "silver" of the World Cup on ball shooting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696769-anastasia-nimec-vigrala-sriblo-kubka-svitu-z-kulovoi-strilbi.html
The invaders fired at the Zaporozhye region, damaging the country houses - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696773-zagarbniki-obstrilali-zaporizku-oblast-poskodivsi-dacni-budinki-ova.html
Vladislav Bukhov has won the fifth swimming license for Ukraine for Olympic Games in Paris
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696770-vladislav-buhov-zdobuv-patu-licenziu-z-plavanna-dla-ukraini-na-olimpijski-igri-u-parizi.html
Danilov: Chinese weapons we are not seeing on our front right now
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696774-danilov-kitajskogo-ozbroenna-mi-zaraz-na-nasomu-fronti-ne-bacimo.html
Lutsk was sentenced to the Telegram-channel administrator about the summons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696775-u-lucku-zasudili-administratora-telegramkanalu-pro-povistki.html
YouTube allows you to post videos that advertise Wagner PVC - Sunday Times
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696776-youtube-dozvolae-rozmisuvati-video-aki-reklamuut-pvk-vagner-sunday-times.html
JIT investigators will investigate in Ukraine a crime of genocide committed by the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/slidchi-jit-rozsliduvatymut-v-ukrayini-zlochyn-genoczydu-vchynenyj-rf/
The machines were given to the old, half of the "wedge" - the interception of the GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/avtomaty-nam-vydaly-stari-polovyna-klynyt-perehoplennya-gur/
Restoration of Ukraine: a grant agreement on Japan is signed $ 400 million.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/vidnovlennya-ukrayiny-pidpysana-grantova-ugoda-pro-vydilennya-yaponiyeyu-400-mln-dol/
Military units do not participate in the exchanges of prisoners but submit the necessary documents to the competent authorities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/vijskovi-chastyny-ne-berut-uchasti-v-obminah-polonenyh-ale-podayut-neobhidni-dokumenty-do-kompetentnyh-organiv/
11.5 years in prison received the FSB informant who cited the calibers on Nikolaev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/115-rokiv-uvyaznennya-otrymav-informator-fsb-yakyj-navodyv-kalibry-na-mykolayiv/
Traitors-law enforcement officers "earned" in the service in the Russian Federation for up to 15 years in prison
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/zradnyky-pravoohoronczi-zarobyly-na-sluzhbi-u-rf-na-15-rokiv-v-uvyaznenni/
More than 100 schools will be restored in partnership with UNDP and UNOPS
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/ponad-100-shkil-bude-vidnovleno-u-partnerstvi-z-proon-ta-unops/
The head of state awarded the Order of Prince Yaroslav the Wise of the second degree of two parliamentarians of the Czech Republic
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/glava-derzhavy-nagorodyv-ordenom-knyazya-yaroslava-mudrogo-ii-stupenya-dvoh-parlamentariv-cheskoyi-respubliky/
On April 15, our warriors knocked down the Russian Su-25 aircraft
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/15-kvitnya-nashi-voyiny-zbyly-rosijskyj-litak-su-25/
Defense forces struck three areas of concentration of living power and military equipment of the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/syly-oborony-urazyly-3-rajony-zoseredzhennya-zhyvoyi-syly-ta-vijskovoyi-tehniky-okupantiv/
Bakhmut and Marinka defenders repelled more than 60 enemy attacks a day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/v-epiczentri-bojovyh-dij-bahmut-ta-maryinka-za-dobu-vidbyto-60-atak-protyvnyka/
The enemy has caused aviation and rocket strokes on civilian infrastructure
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/vorog-zavdav-aviaczijnyh-ta-raketnyh-udariv-po-czyvilnij-infrastrukturi/
Due to the significant losses of the Minnapad of the Russian Federation changed curricula in military universities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/cherez-znachni-vtraty-minnapadu-rf-zminylo-navchalni-plany-u-vijskovyh-vyshah/
"The Resurrection of the Lord symbolizes victory - good, truth, victory of life" - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/voskresinnya-gospodnye-symvolizuye-peremogu-dobra-pravdy-peremogu-zhyttya-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Defense forces per day eliminated 520 invaders, destroyed 10 artisystems and Su-25 aircraft and aircraft
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-520-okupantiv-znyshhyly-10-artsystem-ta-litak-su-25/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Destroyed Church: A horrible crime of the Russian army in the night of the Resurrection of the Lord
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/zrujnovana-czerkva-na-peredmisti-zaporizhzhya-novyj-zhahlyvyj-zlochyn-rosijskoyi-armiyi-v-nich-velykogo-voskresinnya/
Easter greetings from Khmelnytskyi's servicemen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/pryvitannya-z-velykodnem-vid-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-hmelnychchyny/
Another 130 Ukrainian defenders managed to release from Russian captivity for Easter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/shhe-130-ukrayinskyh-oboroncziv-vdalosya-vyzvolyty-z-rosijskogo-polonu-na-velykden/
4 civilians were killed, 16 wounded in Russian shelling - Military Media Center
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/4-czyvilnyh-zagynulo-16-poraneno-u-rosijskyh-obstrilah-military-media-center/
Seven carriers of "Caliber" missiles keeps Russia in the Mediterranean - Navy of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/sim-nosiyi-raket-kalibr-trymaye-rosiya-v-seredzemnomu-mori-vms-zsu/
"I congratulate the whole Ukrainian people on the majestic holiday - the Resurrection of Christ!" - Valery Zaluzhny
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/vitayu-ves-ukrayinskyj-narod-z-velychnym-svyatom-voskresinnya-hrystovogo-valerij-zaluzhnyj/
The enemy is killed by social infrastructure and residential buildings, there are victims and victims among civilians - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/vorog-gatyt-po-obyektah-soczialnoyi-infrastruktury-ta-zhytlovyh-budynkah-ye-zagybli-j-postrazhdali-sered-myrnyh-meshkancziv-nataliya-gumenyuk/
We win and make a victory ourselves - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/my-zdobuvayemo-ta-tvorymo-peremogu-sami-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
469 children were killed in Ukraine as a result of armed aggression of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/469-ditej-zagynuly-v-ukrayini-vnaslidok-zbrojnoyi-agresiyi-rf/
Over 300 explosive items have been neutralized per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-300-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-8/
The US will pass Taiwan's weapons as an example of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/ssha-peredavatymut-zbroyu-tajvanyu-za-prykladom-ukrayiny/
Investigation against military personnel in Ukraine: the National Police violated almost 72 thousand proceedings
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/rozsliduvannya-proty-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-rf-v-ukrayini-naczpolicziya-porushyla-majzhe-72-tysyachi-provadzhen/
Police documented 17 beats in Donetsk a day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/pid-obstrilamy-perebuvaly-11-naselenyh-punktiv-donechchyny/
In Slavyansk, another man-SESNS was taken out of the rubble
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/u-slovyansku-z-pid-zavaliv-distaly-shhe-odnogo-cholovika-dsns/
Military chaplains will be trained in the US, Britain and South Korea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/vijskovyh-kapelaniv-navchatymut-u-ssha-brytaniyi-ta-pivdennij-koreyi/
In the temporarily occupied territories there is a violent certification of citizens of Ukraine - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/na-tymchasovo-okupovanyh-terytoriyah-tryvaye-nasylnyczka-pasportyzacziya-gromadyan-ukrayiny-nataliya-gumenyuk/
The enemy's loss in the last day in the Bakhmut direction is 121 killed and more than 120 wounded - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/vtraty-voroga-za-mynulu-dobu-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-stanovlyat-121-vbytymy-ta-ponad-120-poranenymy-sergij-cherevatyj/
As mountain infantrymen celebrated Easter on the front line
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/yak-girski-pihotynczi-svyatkuvaly-velykden-na-peredovij/
From the beginning of the invasion of the Russian Federation, 2235 prisoners of war - Anna Malyar returned to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/vid-pochatku-vtorgnennya-rf-v-ukrayinu-povernuly-2235-vijskovopolonenyh-ganna-malyar/
Over the past day, the enemy 375 times fired at the position of defense forces of Ukraine 375 times
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/za-mynulu-dobu-na-lymansko-kupyanskomu-napryamku-vorog-375-raziv-obstrilyav-pozycziyi-syl-oborony-ukrayiny/
The Navy of the Armed Forces destroyed 14 invaders, the calculation of the PTRC and the dugout
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/pidrozdilamy-vms-zsu-znyshheno-14-okupantiv-rozrahunok-ptrk-ta-blindazh/
In the Nikolaev area teenagers were killed as a result of hostile shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/zagynuly-pidlitky-vnaslidok-vorozhogo-obstrilu-na-mykolayivshhyni-rozpochato-provadzhennya/
The occupiers are preparing to steal children from Energodar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/okupanty-gotuyutsya-vykrasty-ditej-z-energodara-energoatom/
Our aviation has made 5 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/nasha-aviacziya-zavdala-5-udariv-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
Denis Shmigal told about the results of the visit to the US and Canada
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/vazhlyvi-ugody-ta-novi-zobovyazannya-partneriv-shhodo-pidtrymky-ukrayiny/
The enemy changed the tactics of shelling of the territory of Ukraine - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/vorog-zminyv-taktyku-obstriliv-terytoriyi-ukrayiny-yurij-ignat/
The invaders fired the temple in Nikopol in Dnipropetrovsk - the investigation was launched
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/okupanty-obstrilyaly-hram-u-m-nikopol-na-dnipropetrovshhyni-rozpochato-rozsliduvannya/
The Armed Forces reflected more than 45 invaders in Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/zsu-vidbyly-ponad-45-atak-zagarbnyka-na-donechchyni/
Ukrainian defenders knocked down 4 UAVs of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-zbyly-4-bpla-rf/
In Zaporozhye, the Rashists were equipped under the military hospital of the school gym
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/na-zaporizhzhi-rashysty-oblashtuvaly-pid-vijskovyj-shpytal-shkilnyj-sportzal/
3920 invaders and 244 vehicles were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/sylamy-oborony-ukrayiny-za-tyzhden-znyshheno-bilshe-3900-vorozhyh-bijcziv-ta-244-odynyczi-tehniky/
For refusing a passport of the Russian Federation, the invaders threaten with forced eviction and confiscation of property
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/za-vidmovu-vid-pasporta-rf-okupanty-pogrozhuyut-prymusovym-vyselennyam-ta-konfiskacziyeyu-majna/
"They will get asterisks, and we as a cannon m ’ Yasa - you don't want to fight - a deserter - intercept GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/vony-otrymayut-zirochky-a-my-yak-garmatne-myaso-ne-hochesh-voyuvaty-dezertyr-perehoplennya-gur/
Fakes that promoted Russian media this week
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/fejky-shho-prosuvaly-rosijski-media-czogo-tyzhnya/
Short. War. Day 417. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/16/korotko-vijna-den-417-videodajdzhest/
Ukraine has already returned home 2235 prisoners of war - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696777-ukraina-vze-povernula-dodomu-2235-vijskovopolonenih-malar.html
The UN Secretary General urged to punish the perpetrators of his subordinates in Sudan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696778-gensek-oon-zaklikav-pokarati-vinnih-u-zagibeli-jogo-pidleglih-u-sudani.html
Security primarily: how our warriors study to prevent mistakes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/bezpeka-persh-za-vse-yak-nashi-voyiny-navchayutsya-shhob-ne-dopuskaty-pomylok/
The main fakes that promoted the world media
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/17/osnovni-fejky-shho-prosuvaly-svitovi-zmi-czogo-tyzhnya/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====