乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-16

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

Started the online course for veterans "Return from war: mind, body, society"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/startuvav-onlajn-kurs-dlya-veteraniv-povernennya-z-vijny-rozum-tilo-soczium/
The European Parliament recognized a war crime undermining the Russians of the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Committee
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/yevroparlament-vyznav-voyennym-zlochynom-pidryv-rosiyanamy-kahovskoyi-ges/
On June 15, a briefing of Ukrainian Security and Defense Forces will take place at Military Media Center
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/15-chervnya-u-military-media-center-vidbudetsya-bryfing-predstavnykiv-syl-bezpeky-ta-oborony-ukrayiny/
The Navy of the Armed Forces told how many rocket launchers keep Russia in the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/u-vms-zsu-rozpovily-skilky-raketonosiyiv-trymaye-rosiya-u-chornomu-mori/
Volunteers transferred two Estonian ARGOs to the flooded Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/na-zatoplenu-hersonshhynu-volontery-peredaly-dva-estonski-vsyudyhody-argo/
Briefing of Safety and Defense Forces of Ukraine at Military Media Center
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/bryfing-predstavnykiv-syl-bezpeky-ta-oborony-ukrayiny-u-military-media-center-5/
Ukraine will receive from Sweden a party
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/ukrayina-otrymaye-vid-shvecziyi-partiyu-minoshukachiv-dlya-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 93 thousand military crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-93-tysyachu-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
Dmytro Kuleba: Na-Ukraine Council without the prospects of membership-like a tank without a gun
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/dmytro-kuleba-rada-nato-ukrayina-bez-perspektyv-chlenstva-nache-tank-bez-garmaty/
Mobilization in the Russian Federation: Signs of preparation for the next wave is not fixed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/mobilizacziya-u-rf-oznak-pidgotovky-do-provedennya-chergovoyi-hvyli-ne-fiksuyetsya/
The Ministry of Defense invites the developers and suppliers of the OVT with proposals of its innovative projects - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/minoborony-zaproshuye-rozrobnykiv-i-postachalnykiv-ovt-z-propozycziyamy-svoyih-innovaczijnyh-proyektiv-ganna-malyar/
In two weeks of June, the occupiers used more than 140 missiles of different types - Alexei Gromov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/za-dva-tyzhni-chervnya-okupanty-zastosuvaly-ponad-140-raket-riznyh-typiv-oleksij-gromov/
During the day, rescuers went out more than 200 times to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-ponad-200-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-3/
The event was not ready for such a large -scale war in Ukraine, but now weapons production is increasing - Yuri Ignati
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/zahid-ne-buv-gotovyj-do-takoyi-masshtabnoyi-vijny-v-ukrayini-ale-zaraz-vyrobnycztvo-ozbroyennya-naroshhuyetsya-yurij-ignat/
Alexei Gromov: Slovak and Polish fighters MiG-29 were "put on the wing" of Slovak and Polish fighters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/oleksij-gromov-protyagom-chervnya-postavleni-na-krylo-slovaczki-ta-polski-vynyshhuvachi-mig-29/
In just two days in the occupying troops over 200 "three hundred" - Alexei Gromov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/lyshe-za-dva-dni-v-okupaczijnyh-vijsk-ponad-200-trohsotyh-oleksij-gromov/
Mykola Urshalovich: National Guards advanced to a depth of 650 to 1500 meters in the direction of Novoborovka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/mykola-urshalovych-naczgvardijczi-prosunulysya-na-glybynu-vid-650-do-1500-metriv-u-napryamku-novopokrovky/
Anna Malyar has debunked two major narratives of Russian propagandists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/ganna-malyar-rozvinchala-dva-osnovni-naratyvy-propagandystiv-rf/
Alexei Gromov: Ukrainian soldiers in three directions lead active positional defense, some - successfully occur
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/oleksij-gromov-ukrayinski-voyiny-na-troh-napryamkah-vedut-aktyvnu-pozyczijnu-oboronu-na-deyakyh-uspishno-nastupayut/
During the day, Russia fired 187 settlements of Ukraine, among civilians are killed and injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/za-dobu-rosiya-obstrilyala-187-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-sered-czyvilnyh-ye-zagybli-ta-poraneni/
The promotion of defense forces is slow but confidently - Anna Malyar about a counter -offensive
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/prosuvannya-syl-oborony-vidbuvayetsya-povilno-ale-vpevneno-ganna-malyar-pro-kontrnastup/
The military leadership of the Russian Federation is completing the so -called "volunteer corps" with ZEKs - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/vijskove-kerivnycztvo-rf-doukomplektovuye-tak-zvanyj-dobrovolchyj-korpus-zekamy-gur/
Our troops returned more than 100 square meters. km of Ukrainian territory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/nashi-vijska-povernuly-ponad-100-kv-km-ukrayinskoyi-terytoriyi-oleksij-gromov/
Lyceum-Bogunovets won the "gold" in the pusher of the kernel in the competition in Germany
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/liczeyist-bogunivecz-vyborov-zoloto-v-shtovhanni-yadra-na-zmagannyah-u-nimechchyni/
The enemy's activity in the Bakhmut direction has decreased significantly
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/aktyvnist-protyvnyka-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-znachno-zmenshylas/
The coordination headquarters took place with the families of civilians who are hostage to the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodynamy-czyvilnyh-yaki-perebuvayut-v-zaruchnykah-rf/
Lloyd Austin in Brussels: I am waiting for a meeting of defense ministers. We stay on the side of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/llojd-ostin-u-bryusseli-chekayu-na-zustrich-ministriv-oborony-my-zalyshayemosya-na-boczi-ukrayiny/
Due to the lack of qualified medical staff, difficult -to -injured occupiers die in hospitals - Alexei Gromov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/cherez-brak-kvalifikovanogo-medpersonalu-vazhkoporaneni-okupanty-vmyrayut-u-gospitalyah-oleksij-gromov/
More than 400 explosive items have been neutralized per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-400-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-6/
We will expel Russia from our earth and honor the memory of all our heroes - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/my-vyzhenemo-rosiyu-z-nashoyi-zemli-i-vshanuyemo-pamyat-usih-nashyh-geroyiv-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Western aircraft our pilots are mastered in a short time: it will not be a training, but a retraining of experienced pilots - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/zahidni-litaky-nashi-piloty-osvoyat-u-stysli-terminy-cze-bude-ne-navchannya-a-perenavchannya-dosvidchenyh-lotchykiv-yurij-ignat/
During counter -pride -on measures, the National Guards detained 76 administrative offenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/pid-chas-kontrdyversijnyh-zahodiv-naczgvardijczi-zatrymaly-76-adminpravoporushnykiv/
Special services of the Russian Federation prepare new provocations on representatives of the Defense and Security Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/speczsluzhby-rf-gotuyut-novi-provokacziyi-stosovno-predstavnykiv-syl-oborony-ta-bezpeky-ukrayiny/
The coordination headquarters delegation exchanged experience with US experts
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/delegacziya-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-obminyalasya-dosvidom-z-fahivczyamy-ssha/
The Forum "Respect. Experience. Perspective ”, dedicated to dialogue on veterans reintegration
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/u-kyyevi-vidbudetsya-forum-povaga-dosvid-perspektyva-prysvyachenyj-dialogu-shhodo-reintegracziyi-veteraniv/
RF military refuses to fight and deliberately inflict physical harm
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/vijskovi-rf-vidmovlyayutsya-voyuvaty-ta-svidomo-zapodiyuyut-sobi-fizychnoyi-shkody/
The Ministry of Defense has completed the second stage of military research tests of summer field form for women
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/u-minoborony-zaversheno-drugyj-etap-vijskovyh-doslidnyczkyh-vyprobuvan-litnoyi-polovoyi-formy-dlya-zhinok/
The water level in the Dnieper at the Kherson mark decreased by more than 3.5 meters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/riven-vody-u-dnipri-na-poznachczi-herson-znyzyvsya-na-ponad-35-metra/
The Russian army in May recruited 460 prisoners - Alexei Gromov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/rosijska-armiya-v-travni-zaverbuvala-na-vijnu-460-vyazniv-oleksij-gromov/
In Kherson and Odesa region, mines that have taken off after the blast of the Dams of the Kakhovka Hydro
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/na-hersonshhyni-ta-odeshhyni-zneshkodzhuyut-miny-yaki-vyneslo-techiyeyu-pislya-pidryvu-grebli-kahovskoyi-ges/
MoU returned an illegally removed property complex of nearly 8,000 square meters - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/mou-povernuly-nezakonno-vyluchenyj-majnovyj-kompleks-ploshheyu-majzhe-8-tysyach-kvadratnyh-metriv-ganna-malyar/
The FSB agent who "cited" the Russian C-300 on the leading positions of defense forces under Bakhmut was detained
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/zatrymano-agenta-fsb-yakyj-navodyv-rosijski-s-300-na-peredovi-pozycziyi-syl-oborony-pid-bahmutom/
During the rescue operation, the National Guards evacuated more than 500 people - Mykola Urshalovich
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/za-chas-ryatuvalnoyi-operacziyi-naczgvardijczi-evakuyuvaly-ponad-500-lyudej-mykola-urshalovych/
It is necessary to create a mechanism that will protect humanity from nuclear blackmail - Alexey Danilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/potribno-stvoryty-mehanizm-yakyj-zahystyt-lyudstvo-vid-yadernogo-shantazhu-oleksij-danilov/
The enemy hopes to stop the Ukrainian counter -offensive, but in vain - Natalia Humeniuk.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/udaramy-po-nashyh-tylah-vorog-spodivayetsya-zupynyty-ukrayinskyj-kontrnastup-prote-marno-nataliya-gumenyuk/
There were no cases of infectious diseases - Ruslan Beregul on the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/vypadkiv-infekczijnyh-zahvoryuvan-ne-vyyavleno-ruslan-beregulya-shhodo-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
Manipulations with water levels in the Kakhovsky reservoir Russians began in October last year - Ruslan Beregul
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/manipulyacziyi-z-rivnem-vody-u-kahovskomu-vodoshovyshhi-rosiyany-rozpochaly-u-zhovtni-mynulogo-roku-ruslan-beregulya/
There are 44 settlements left in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/na-hersonshhyni-pidtoplenymy-zalyshayutsya-44-naseleni-punkty/
Currently, the enemy shows greater fire activity in the Limano-Kupyan direction-Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/narazi-bilshu-vognevu-aktyvnist-vorog-proyavlyaye-na-lymano-kupyanskomu-napryamku-sergij-cherevatyj/
Ukraine does everything to be paid in full for terrible crimes of the Russian measure - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/ukrayina-robyt-use-shhob-za-strashni-zlochyny-russkogo-mira-bulo-vidplacheno-spovna-ganna-malyar/
Our military destroyed 20 Shahmed and Orlan-10
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/nashi-vijskovi-znyshhyly-20-shahediv-ta-orlan-10/
In the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine, Russian troops are changing hydraulic structures
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/na-tymchasovo-okupovanyh-terytoriyah-ukrayiny-rosijski-vijska-minuyut-gidrotehnichni-sporudy/
Granite Kombrig: "To protect Ukraine from rocket terror, we need much more modern SCRs"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/kombryg-granit-shhob-zahystyty-ukrayinu-vid-raketnogo-teroru-nam-potribno-znachno-bilshe-suchasnyh-zrk/
NSU sappers joined in search
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/sapery-ngu-doluchylysya-do-poshuku-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-na-terytoriyah-z-yakyh-vidijshla-voda/
In the Tavriysk direction our units are defending and moving forward - Valery Shershn
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-nashi-pidrozdily-oboronyayutsya-ta-ruhayutsya-vpered-valerij-shershen/
Sergey Yaremenko: "Almost simultaneously 16 ballistic goals were flying, most are aimed at Patriot"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/sergij-yaremenko-majzhe-odnochasno-letilo-16-balistychnyh-czilej-bilshist-pryczilno-na-patriot/
The likelihood of rocket and air strikes remains high in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/zalyshayetsya-vysokoyu-jmovirnist-zavdavannya-raketnyh-ta-aviaudariv-po-terytoriyi-ukrayiny/
The European Parliament has approved a resolution on Euro -Atlantic integration and restoration of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/yevroparlament-uhvalyv-rezolyucziyu-pro-yevroatlantychnu-integracziyu-ta-vidnovlennya-ukrayiny/
The Armed Forces reflected all hostile attacks in the Marinka area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/zsu-vidbyly-vsi-vorozhi-ataky-u-rajoni-maryinky/
Denmark and Norway pass nine thousand artillery shells to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/daniya-ta-norvegiya-peredayut-ukrayini-devyat-tysyach-artylerijskyh-snaryadiv/
The enemy is unable to advance and no position we have lost - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/vorogu-ne-vdayetsya-prosunutysya-i-zhodnoyi-pozycziyi-my-ne-vtratyly-ganna-malyar/
Belgium has allocated € 3.5 million to eliminate the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/belgiya-vydilyla-e35-miljona-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-teraktu-rf-na-kahovskij-ges/
A meeting with the families of servicemen, who provided the protection of the Chernobyl NPP, took place at the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodynamy-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-yaki-zabezpechuvaly-ohoronu-chornobylskoyi-aes/
Water level in the POCCUMENT COVERNOVER stable but in the future you need to find a way to replenish it
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/riven-vody-u-stavku-oholodzhuvachu-zaes-stabilnyj-ale-nadali-neobhidno-znajty-sposib-jogo-popovnennya/
The Minister of Defense of Ukraine announced the creation of "IT Coalition"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/ministr-oborony-ukrayiny-anonsuvav-stvorennya-it-koalicziyi/
Ukrainian artillery units struck two enemy and S-300 SPR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/pidrozdily-ukrayinskoyi-artyleriyi-urazyly-dva-punkty-upravlinnya-voroga-ta-zrk-s-300/
The name of Sergei Parkhomenko's battle pilot in Vinnitsa will name the street
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/imenem-bojovogo-lotchyka-sergiya-parhomenka-u-vinnyczi-nazvut-vulyczyu/
Rapid watering of water and its chemical contamination threatens the extinction of most living organisms on the Black Sea coast
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/shvydke-oprisnennya-vody-ta-yiyi-himichne-zabrudnennya-zagrozhuye-vymyrannyam-bilshosti-zhyvyh-organizmiv-na-pryberezhzhi-chornogo-morya/
Ramstein-13: Alexei Reznikov arrived in Brussels and met with Pentagon head
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/ramshtajn-13-oleksij-reznikov-prybuv-u-bryussel-ta-zustrivsya-z-glavoyu-pentagonu/
Granite: “A rather powerful air defense group was created in the Kyiv region. However, it does not guarantee a 100 % result ”
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/granit-na-kyyivshhyni-stvorene-dosyt-potuzhne-ugrupovannya-ppo-prote-navit-vono-ne-garantuye-100-vidsotkovogo-rezultatu/
Alexei Reznikov will take part in a meeting of the Ministers of Defense of the Commission of Ukraine-Nato
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/oleksij-reznikov-vizme-uchast-u-zasidanni-ministriv-oborony-komisiyi-ukrayina-nato/
"E-Berg" is a modern, fast and effective-a visitor of the hospital, in Slobozhanshchina
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/e-cherga-cze-suchasno-shvydko-ta-efektyvno-vidviduvach-gospitalyu-shho-na-slobozhanshhyni/
Alexei Reznikov presented the Order of Princess Olga II degree to the Czech Defense Minister
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/oleksij-reznikov-vruchyv-orden-knyagyni-olgy-ii-stupenya-ministeru-oborony-chehiyi/
The UN International Court of Justice has completed public hearings in Ukraine against Russia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/u-mizhnarodnomu-sudi-oon-zavershylysya-publichni-sluhannya-u-spravi-ukrayina-proty-rosiyi/
Another 10,000 UAV operators plan to prepare by the end of the year
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/shhe-10-tysyach-operatoriv-bpla-planuyut-pidgotuvaty-do-kinczya-roku/
Sanctions against the Russian Federation as of June 15 - the SPR of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/sankcziyi-proty-rosijskoyi-federacziyi-stanom-na-15-chervnya-szr-ukrayiny/
The next "Ramstein" happened quite effectively, even stronger - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/chergovyj-ramshtajn-vidbuvsya-dovoli-rezultatyvno-shhe-micznishayemo-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
More "leopards", missiles for air defense and "fighter coalition": Allies summed up Ramstin-13
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/bilshe-leopardiv-rakety-dlya-ppo-ta-koalicziya-vynyshhuvachiv-soyuznyky-pidbyly-pidsumky-ramshtajnu-13/
Shmigal got acquainted with the process of recovery of the waterwater in Nikolaev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3723897-smigal-oznajomivsa-z-procesom-vidnovlenna-vodovodu-u-mikolaevi.html
The Fencing Federation of Ukraine demands to deprive Russia of membership in the International Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723852-federacia-fehtuvanna-ukraini-vimagae-pozbaviti-rosiu-clenstva-v-miznarodnij-federacii.html
Enzo Maresska is a new head coach "Lester"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723985-enco-mareska-novij-golovnij-trener-lestera.html
Communities will receive nearly ₴ 4.48 billion subsidies for the restoration and development of infrastructure
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723984-gromadi-otrimaut-majze-448-milarda-subvencii-na-vidnovlenna-ta-rozvitok-infrastrukturi.html
To establish communication with the Ombudsman of Hungary has not yet turned out - Lubinets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723983-nalagoditi-komunikaciu-z-ombudsmanom-ugorsini-poki-ne-vijslo-lubinec.html
Zelensky invited Africa countries to join the Ukrainian formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723982-zelenskij-zaprosiv-kraini-afriki-dolucitisa-do-ukrainskoi-formuli-miru.html
The U21 national team played in the final sparring in front of the Euro-2023 youth football
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723973-zbirna-ukraini-u21-zigrala-vniciu-v-zaklucnomu-sparingu-pered-molodiznim-evro2023-z-futbolu.html
The Defense Ministry has adjusted a plan of measures to mine agricultural land
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723971-u-minoboroni-skoreguvali-plan-zahodiv-iz-rozminuvanna-silskogospodarskih-zemel.html
Blinken called the "horrific irony" shelling of Kiev during the visit of African leaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723970-blinken-nazvav-zahlivou-ironieu-obstril-kieva-pid-cas-vizitu-afrikanskih-lideriv.html
We will not reach diplomacy from the Russian Federation while the Russians are in our territory - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723962-do-diplomatii-z-rf-mi-ne-dijdemo-poki-rosiani-budut-na-nasij-teritorii-zelenskij.html
A meeting with the unification of families of fighters of territorial defense of Kiev took place at the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-obyednannyam-rodyn-bijcziv-terytorialnoyi-oborony-kyyeva/
Russians can create new man -made disasters - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723789-rosiani-mozut-stvoriti-novi-tehnogenni-katastrofi-gumenuk.html
In Dnipro, the first veteran development center was opened in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/u-dnipri-vidkryto-pershyj-v-ukrayini-czentr-veteranskogo-rozvytku/
Dynamo has developed a special form for EA Sports
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723999-dinamo-rozrobilo-specialnu-formu-dla-ea-sports.html
The enemy in the evening fired at the border of Sumy region and Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724001-vorog-za-vecir-pat-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-ta-cernigivsini.html
Aviation of Defense Forces of Ukraine during the day has inflicted 13 beats on the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/aviacziya-syl-oborony-ukrayiny-protyagom-doby-zavdala-13-udariv-po-vorogu/
Zelensky: Every new step, every meter of liberated Ukrainian land is the most important
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724004-zelenskij-kozen-novij-krok-kozen-metr-zvilnenoi-ukrainskoi-zemli-ce-najvazlivise.html
Over the past day, more than 30 combat clashes took place in Donetsk and Luhansk regions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/za-mynulu-dobu-vidbulos-ponad-30-bojovyh-zitknen-v-doneczkij-ta-luganskij-oblastyah/
The general register of prisoners for exchange is updated and transferred to Russia every 7-10 days - coordination
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723838-zagalnij-reestr-polonenih-na-obmin-onovluetsa-j-peredaetsa-rosii-kozni-710-dib-koordstab.html
The Portugal held a conference on social and psychological assistance to Ukrainians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3723803-u-portugalii-proveli-konferenciu-sodo-socialnopsihologicnoi-dopomogi-bizencam-z-ukraini.html
Due to significant losses, the enemy increased the number of hospitals and brought two crematoriums to Lugansk - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723807-cerez-znacni-vtrati-vorog-zbilsiv-kilkist-spitaliv-i-zaviz-do-luganska-dva-krematorii-ova.html
Russian troops hit the village in Kherson region - kissed the residential quarter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723812-vijska-rf-vdarili-po-selisu-na-hersonsini-pocilili-u-zitlovij-kvartal.html
Ukraine wants to impose sanctions against Russian aviation manufacturer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3723811-ukraina-hoce-zaprovaditi-sankcii-proti-rosijskogo-virobnika-aviacijnoi-tehniki.html
Dnepropetrovsk received nine "fast" from Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723776-dnipropetrovsina-otrimala-vid-polsi-devat-svidkih.html
Consequences of Kakhovskaya Dam Dressing: The head of the Zaporozhye Ova told about the water level in the region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723809-naslidki-pidrivu-kahovskoi-grebli-golova-zaporizkoi-ova-rozpoviv-pro-riven-vodi-v-oblasti.html
Reznikov predicted when Ukraine will be able to put on the F-16
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724006-reznikov-sprognozuvav-koli-ukraina-zmoze-postaviti-na-ozbroenna-f16.html
An exhibition of paintings of the Marines Ivan Gavrilka opened in Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3723817-u-lvovi-vidkrilasa-vistavka-kartin-morskogo-pihotinca-ivana-gavrilka.html
Rocket stroke in the Kyiv region: the number of wounded increased to six
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723822-raketnij-udar-po-kiivsini-kilkist-poranenih-zrosla-do-sistoh.html
Kyslyts called the absurd deployment of the UN humanitarian missions under threat of shelling by
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723823-kislica-nazvav-absurdnim-rozgortanna-gumanitarnih-misij-oon-pid-zagrozou-obstriliv-z-boku-rosii.html
Since the beginning of the NSDC war, it has applied sanctions to over 11,000 people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3723826-vid-pocatku-vijni-rnbo-zastosuvala-sankcii-do-ponad-11-tisac-ludej.html
After the Kakhovski hydroelectric power station with the Nikolaev region, up to a thousand people were evacuated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723824-pisla-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-z-mikolaivsini-evakuuvali-do-tisaci-ludej.html
In Zaporozhye on the coast found the remains of wooden boats of the twentieth century
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723828-u-zaporizzi-na-uzberezzi-znajsli-zaliski-derevanih-covniv-hh-stolitta.html
The European Union responded to the shelling of Kiev - Putin prepared a specific "greeting"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723829-evrosouz-vidreaguvav-na-obstril-kieva-putin-prigotuvav-specificne-privitanna.html
Kherson shelling: The number of victims has increased to 12, including two children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723835-obstril-hersona-kilkist-postrazdalih-zrosla-do-12-sered-nih-dvoe-ditej.html
The government has simplified business activities in the field of service provision to the population
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3723834-urad-sprostiv-vedenna-pidpriemnickoi-dialnosti-u-sferi-nadanna-poslug-naselennu.html
In three days 320 dead - intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/za-try-dni-320-zagyblyh-perehoplennya-gur/
Kostin discussed with African leaders the punishment of Russia for war crimes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723837-kostin-obgovoriv-z-afrikanskimi-liderami-pokaranna-rosii-do-za-voenni-zlocini.html
In Turkey, the bayraktar drones were successfully fired
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3723847-u-tureccini-uspisno-proveli-strilbi-miniraketami-z-bezpilotnika-bayraktar.html
The question of the exchange of "old" and "worn" dollars soon regulate - Furman
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3723842-pitanna-obminu-starih-ta-znosenih-dolariv-nezabarom-ureguluut-furman.html
The SBU reported the suspicion of expirer of the Minister of Defense - appropriated a billion with his subordinate
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723846-sbu-povidomila-pro-pidozru-ekszastupniku-ministra-oboroni-privlasniv-z-pidleglim-bilse-milarda.html
NAPC excluded the first company from the list of international sponsors of war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3723853-nazk-viklucilo-z-pereliku-miznarodnih-sponsoriv-vijni-persu-kompaniu.html
At a summit in Vilnius will not talk about Ukraine's invitation to NATO - Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723851-na-samiti-u-vilnusi-ne-govoritimut-pro-zaprosenna-ukraini-do-nato-stoltenberg.html
England defeated Malta in selection on Euro-2024
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724009-anglia-rozgromila-maltu-u-vidbori-na-evro2024.html
Ukrainians will be able to obtain permission for weapons "in one click" - the Ministry of Internal Affairs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723856-ukrainci-zmozut-otrimati-dozvil-na-zbrou-v-odin-klik-mvs.html
Yakimenko's political prisoner in the Russian colony is bullying and does not receive medical assistance - Ombudsman
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723858-politvazen-akimenko-u-rosijskij-kolonii-zaznae-znusan-i-ne-otrimue-meddopomogi-ombudsmen.html
Ambassador to Estonia visited the School of Freedom, where 600 Ukrainian students study
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3723760-posol-v-estonii-vidvidala-skolu-svobodi-de-navcautsa-600-ukrainskih-ucniv.html
Zelensky participated in the National University of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723860-zelenskij-vzav-ucast-u-ceremonii-vipusku-nacuniversitetu-oboroni.html
Probably, the Russians have laid explosives on Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station - international experts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723862-jmovirno-rosiani-zazdalegid-zaklali-vibuhivku-na-kahovskij-ges-miznarodni-eksperti.html
Demand groups were surveyed about 100 hectares in the Kherson district of island
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723863-grupi-rozminuvanna-obstezili-blizko-100-gektariv-u-hersonskomu-rajoni-ostriv.html
UNESCO area was expanded in Odessa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3723864-v-odesi-rozsirili-zonu-unesko.html
The NBU Council declares no threats to the domestic banking system
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3723866-u-radi-nbu-zaavlaut-pro-vidsutnist-zagroz-dla-vitciznanoi-bankivskoi-sistemi.html
Turkish Uaks-Flower passed at high altitude
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3723870-tureckij-bplavinisuvac-projsov-viprobuvanna-na-velikij-visoti.html
Need now and for the future: Stoltenberg about giving Ukraine F-16
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723878-potribni-zaraz-i-na-perspektivu-stoltenberg-pro-nadanna-ukraini-f16.html
Boris Johnson will work in journalism
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3723872-boris-dzonson-pracuvatime-u-zurnalistici.html
In Kherson, as a result of shelling, the number of wounded increased to 23, three of them children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723867-u-hersonskij-gromadi-vnaslidok-obstriliv-travmovani-19-ludej.html
US has allocated a new humanitarian aid package to Ukraine for $ 205 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723874-ssa-vidilili-novij-paket-gumanitarnoi-dopomogi-ukraini-na-205-miljoniv.html
Tkachenko: Due to Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station in the risk zone - 147 cultural and art education institutions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3723879-tkacenko-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-u-zoni-riziku-147-zakladiv-kulturi-ta-misteckoi-osviti.html
Turkey sends a new ambassador to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723880-tureccina-vidpravlae-v-ukrainu-novogo-posla.html
The Russians fired the border of Sumy and Chernihiv region - half a hundred hits
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723883-rosiani-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-ta-cernigivsini-piv-sotni-vlucan.html
Explosions are heard in the Buchan district - enemy ammunition is detoured after the rocket stroke
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723886-u-bucanskomu-rajoni-lunaut-vibuhi-pisla-raketnogo-udaru-detonuut-vorozi-boepripasi.html
Lviv Neurosurgeons for the first time performed a brain surgery with awakening
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723885-lvivski-nejrohirurgi-vperse-samostijno-vikonali-operaciu-na-mozku-z-probudzennam.html
The Czech Republic explained President Pavel's words about monitoring for the Russians in the West
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3723890-u-cehii-poasnili-slova-prezidenta-pavela-pro-monitoring-za-rosianami-na-zahodi.html
Serbia and Bosnia suffer from showers, in many areas have declared an emergency
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3723876-serbia-ta-bosnia-poterpaut-vid-zliv-u-bagatoh-rajonah-ogolosili-nadzvicajnu-situaciu.html
Macron calls Prince Saudi Arabia to use his influence on Moscow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723892-makron-zaklikae-princa-saudivskoi-aravii-vikoristati-svij-vpliv-na-moskvu.html
Russia did not refuse to conquer Ukraine: in the United States reacted to a missile strike in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723893-rosia-ne-vidmovilasa-vid-pidkorenna-ukraini-u-ssa-vidreaguvali-na-raketnij-udar-po-kievu.html
Many NATO countries are ready to increase defense contributions to equip Ukraine - Austin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723896-bagato-krain-nato-gotovi-zbilsiti-vneski-na-oboronu-abi-ozbrouvati-ukrainu-ostin.html
Propaganda bluff: The calls for dialogue accompanied by missiles were commented
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723898-propagandistskij-blef-v-op-prokomentuvali-zakliki-do-dialogu-pid-suprovid-raket.html
The IAEA inspection was successfully conducted at Rivne NPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3723899-na-rivnenskij-aes-uspisno-proveli-inspekciu-magate.html
Lviv students developed an electritriker for the military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3723900-lvivski-studenti-rozrobili-elektrotricikl-dla-vijskovih.html
Enemy Loss per day: nearly 600 occupiers have been eliminated, 10 tanks and 19 artisystems have been destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-majzhe-600-okupantiv-likvidovano-znyshheno-10-tankiv-i-19-artsystem/
Britain has handed assistance to Ukraine to overcome the effects of flooding
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723903-britania-peredala-ukraini-dopomogu-dla-podolanna-naslidkiv-pidtoplen.html
The first meeting of the new council Ukraine -NATO can take place in Vilnius with the participation of Zelensky - Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723913-perse-zasidanna-novoi-radi-ukrainanato-moze-vidbutisa-u-vilnusi-za-ucasti-zelenskogo-stoltenberg.html
The Estonia Government has found a solution to transfer to Ukraine frozen assets of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3723675-urad-estonii-znajsov-risenna-dla-peredaci-ukraini-zamorozenih-aktiviv-rf.html
Basketball player Jant Marent was disqualified for 25 matches
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723908-basketbolista-dza-marenta-diskvalifikuvali-na-25-matciv.html
NGOs urged the authorities to ensure an inclusive rebuilding of the country
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3723910-gromadski-organizacii-zaklikali-vladu-zabezpeciti-inkluzivnu-vidbudovu-kraini.html
NATO countries have not been able to approve the first Cold War's plans for defense - Reuters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3723911-kraini-nato-ne-zmogli-zatverditi-persi-z-casiv-holodnoi-vijni-plani-sodo-oboroni-reuters.html
Arsenal announced a departure from a team of thirteen football players
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723912-arsenal-anonsuvav-vidhid-z-komandi-trinadcatoh-futbolistiv.html
How to work with the consciousness of the Crimeans after de -occupation: Tasheva told about the strategy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3723914-ak-planuut-pracuvati-zi-svidomistu-krimcan-pisla-deokupacii-taseva-rozpovila-pro-strategiu.html
Norway handed over 240 tons of equipment to Ukraine for renewal of the energy sector
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3723917-norvegia-peredala-ukraini-240-tonn-obladnanna-na-vidnovlenna-energosektoru.html
Taurian direction: 36 collisions occurred in a day, the enemy's loss - more than four mouths
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723922-vtrati-rosijskoi-armii-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-za-dobu-perevisili-cotiri-roti.html
Two Kherson became laureates of Vaclav Gavel Prize
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3723921-dvoe-hersonciv-stali-laureatami-premii-vaclava-gavela.html
The Ukrainian national team made Cambek and won northern Macedonia in qualifying in Euro-2024
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724008-zbirna-ukraini-zdijsnila-kambek-i-peremogla-pivnicnu-makedoniu-v-kvalifikacii-do-evro2024.html
PrivatBank will resume foreign currency reception through terminals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3723926-privatbank-vidnovit-prijom-inozemnoi-valuti-cerez-terminali.html
The government held a meeting on the socio-economic situation in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723927-urad-proviv-naradu-sodo-socialnoekonomicnoi-situacii-na-hersonsini.html
Britain additionally allocates 60 million pounds to the NATO Fund to support Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723928-britania-dodatkovo-vidilae-60-miljoniv-funtiv-u-fond-nato-dla-pidtrimki-ukraini.html
Kherson region continues to receive humanitarian support from other regions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723930-hersonsina-prodovzue-otrimuvati-gumanitarnu-pidtrimku-vid-insih-regioniv.html
Interflex Operation: British parliamentaries watched how the Armed Forces fighters train
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723931-operacia-interflex-britanski-parlamentarii-sposterigali-ak-trenuut-bijciv-zsu.html
In Mariupol, invaders plan to open a children's cafe near the destroyed drama theater
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723934-u-mariupoli-zagarbniki-planuut-vidkriti-ditace-kafe-bila-znisenogo-dramteatru.html
Based on the cartoon "Mavka. Forest Song »plan to take off the series
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3723936-za-motivami-multfilmu-mavka-lisova-pisna-planuut-znati-serial.html
At the front per day - 21 collisions: the enemy focuses forces in four directions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723944-na-fronti-za-dobu-21-boezitknenna-vorog-zoseredzue-sili-na-cotiroh-napramkah.html
Zelensky in Kiev met with representatives of seven African states
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723955-zelenskij-u-kievi-zustrivsa-z-predstavnikami-semi-afrikanskih-derzav.html
Turkey has appointed a new ambassador to
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3723836-tureccina-priznacila-novogo-posla-v-rosii.html
In the captured territories, Russians have new torturers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723938-na-zahoplenih-teritoriah-rosiani-oblastovuut-novi-kativni.html
Sachko will play in the semifinals of the tournament in Bratislava
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723939-sacko-zigrae-u-pivfinali-turniru-u-bratislavi.html
Rocket strokes of the Russian Federation are not working very well to establish peace - President of South Africa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723947-raketni-udari-rf-ne-duze-dobre-pracuut-dla-vstanovlenna-miru-prezident-par.html
Kherson shelling: Among the wounded - three children aged 11 to 16 years
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723942-obstril-hersona-sered-poranenih-troe-ditej-vikom-vid-11-do-16-rokiv.html
Sweden's Government has approved Ukraine's support package for almost $ 24 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723943-urad-svecii-zatverdiv-paket-pidtrimki-ukraini-majze-na-24-miljoni.html
Canada this year will deploy in Latvia Squadrilles LEOPARD 2 tanks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3723905-kanada-cogoric-rozgorne-u-latvii-eskadrilu-tankiv-leopard-2.html
Zelensky explained why Russia beat rockets in Kiev on the day of arrival of delegation from Africa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723948-zelenskij-poasniv-comu-rosia-bila-raketami-po-kievu-v-den-priizdu-delegacii-z-afriki.html
The invaders during the day twice fired Nikopol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723950-zagarbniki-protagom-dna-dvici-obstrilali-nikopol.html
Famous photographer Yuri Voroshilov has departed in Kharkiv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724010-u-harkovi-pisov-z-zitta-vidomij-fotograf-urij-vorosilov.html
In Kherson, water came out in the Ostrov residential district that was most affected by flooding
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723951-u-hersoni-zijsla-voda-v-mikrorajoni-ostriv-akij-najbilse-postrazdav-vid-zatoplenna.html
Yastremskaya and Tsurenko will hold an eye match at the Birmingham tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723952-astremska-ta-curenko-provedut-ocnij-matc-na-turniri-v-birmingemi.html
Victoria Use - Second at the COP with a canoe in Ljubljana
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723989-viktoria-us-druga-na-etapi-ks-z-kanoe-u-lublani.html
Whether the OVT manufacturer is real in 45 days to get from the Ministry of Defense tolerance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/chy-realno-vyrobnyku-ovt-za-45-dniv-otrymaty-vid-minoborony-dopusk-do-ekspluatacziyi/
States not see any signs that Russia is ready to use nuclear weapons - Blinken
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3723957-stati-ne-bacat-zodnih-oznak-so-rosia-gotova-zastosovuvati-adernu-zbrou-blinken.html
Tomorrow you will be able to observe a rare parade of five planets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3723959-zavtra-mozna-bude-sposterigati-ridkisnij-parad-pati-planet.html
French Embassy transferred to Kherson region humanitarian aid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723960-posolstvo-francii-peredalo-hersonsini-gumanitarnu-dopomogu.html
Police exhibited more than 80 posts in the regions affected by undermining the Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Committee
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723961-policia-vistavila-ponad-80-spostereznih-postiv-u-regionah-aki-postrazdali-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges.html
During the shelling of Nikopol, a man was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723963-pid-cas-obstrilu-nikopola-zaginuv-colovik.html
The Seimas of Poland adopted a resolution on support of Ukraine's accession to NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723966-sejm-polsi-uhvaliv-rezoluciu-pro-pidtrimku-vstupu-ukraini-v-nato-stefancuk.html
The American nuclear submarine arrived in South Korea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3723841-u-pivdennu-koreu-pribuv-amerikanskij-atomnij-pidvodnij-coven.html
Barcelona can sell 49% of club shares
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723965-barselona-moze-prodati-49-akcij-klubu.html
President South Africa has presented an African peace of peace with 10 points in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723968-prezident-par-predstaviv-u-kievi-afrikanskij-plan-dosagnenna-miru-z-10-punktiv.html
Ukraine expects NATO to help build a transparent procurement system - Reznikov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723969-ukraina-rozrahovue-so-nato-zmoze-dopomogti-vibuduvati-prozoru-sistemu-zakupivel-reznikov.html
In Serbia, an investigation into detained Kosovo police officers began
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724011-u-serbii-rozpocali-slidstvo-sodo-zatrimanih-kosovskih-policejskih.html
Blinken called the "horrific irony" shelling of Kiev during the visit of African leaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723970-blinken-nazvav-zahlivou-ironieu-obstril-kieva-pid-cas-vizitu-afrikanskih-lideriv.html
The Defense Ministry has adjusted a plan of measures to mine agricultural land
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723971-u-minoboroni-skoreguvali-plan-zahodiv-iz-rozminuvanna-silskogospodarskih-zemel.html
The U21 national team played in the final sparring in front of the Euro-2023 youth football
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723973-zbirna-ukraini-u21-zigrala-vniciu-v-zaklucnomu-sparingu-pered-molodiznim-evro2023-z-futbolu.html
Zelensky invited Africa countries to join the Ukrainian formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723982-zelenskij-zaprosiv-kraini-afriki-dolucitisa-do-ukrainskoi-formuli-miru.html
To establish communication with the Ombudsman of Hungary has not yet turned out - Lubinets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723983-nalagoditi-komunikaciu-z-ombudsmanom-ugorsini-poki-ne-vijslo-lubinec.html
Communities will receive nearly ₴ 4.48 billion subsidies for the restoration and development of infrastructure
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723984-gromadi-otrimaut-majze-448-milarda-subvencii-na-vidnovlenna-ta-rozvitok-infrastrukturi.html
Enzo Maresska is a new head coach "Lester"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723985-enco-mareska-novij-golovnij-trener-lestera.html
Russians can create new man -made disasters - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723789-rosiani-mozut-stvoriti-novi-tehnogenni-katastrofi-gumenuk.html
Victoria Use - Second at the COP with a canoe in Ljubljana
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723989-viktoria-us-druga-na-etapi-ks-z-kanoe-u-lublani.html
African leaders consider it possible to dialogue with Ukraine and the Russian Federation on children, prisoners and exports of grain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723991-afrikanski-lideri-vvazaut-mozlivim-dialog-z-ukrainou-ta-rf-sodo-ditej-vazniv-i-eksportu-zerna.html
Zelensky: Putin should be diplomatically isolated, the world should show that he is an aggressor and a terrorist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723992-zelenskij-putin-mae-buti-diplomaticno-izolovanim-svit-mae-pokazati-so-vin-agresor-i-terorist.html
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Europe cultural institutions will join the digitalization of Ukrainian museums and libraries - MKIP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3723994-kulturni-institucii-evropi-dolucatsa-do-cifrovizacii-ukrainskih-muzeiv-ta-bibliotek-mkip.html
In all directions of the onset of defense forces in the south there is a promotion of up to two kilometers - a painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723995-na-vsih-napramkah-nastupu-sil-oboroni-na-pivdni-e-prosuvanna-do-dvoh-kilometriv-malar.html
Wounded as a result of Nikopol's shelling woman in serious condition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723997-poranena-vnaslidok-obstrilu-nikopola-zinka-u-vazkomu-stani.html
Reznikov about Ukraine-NATO Council: Ukraine de facto becomes a member of the Alliance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723998-reznikov-pro-radu-ukrainanato-ukraina-defakto-stae-clenom-alansu.html
The Armed Forces destroyed the Russian helicopter KA-52 in the Donetsk direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724000-zsu-znisili-rosijskij-vertolit-ka52-na-doneckomu-napramku.html
Dynamo has developed a special form for EA Sports
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723999-dinamo-rozrobilo-specialnu-formu-dla-ea-sports.html
The enemy in the evening fired at the border of Sumy region and Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724001-vorog-za-vecir-pat-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-ta-cernigivsini.html
Zelensky: Every new step, every meter of liberated Ukrainian land is the most important
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724004-zelenskij-kozen-novij-krok-kozen-metr-zvilnenoi-ukrainskoi-zemli-ce-najvazlivise.html
The general register of prisoners for exchange is updated and transferred to Russia every 7-10 days - coordination
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3723838-zagalnij-reestr-polonenih-na-obmin-onovluetsa-j-peredaetsa-rosii-kozni-710-dib-koordstab.html
Reznikov predicted when Ukraine will be able to put on the F-16
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724006-reznikov-sprognozuvav-koli-ukraina-zmoze-postaviti-na-ozbroenna-f16.html
England defeated Malta in selection on Euro-2024
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724009-anglia-rozgromila-maltu-u-vidbori-na-evro2024.html
Serbia and Bosnia suffer from showers, in many areas have declared an emergency
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3723876-serbia-ta-bosnia-poterpaut-vid-zliv-u-bagatoh-rajonah-ogolosili-nadzvicajnu-situaciu.html
The Ukrainian national team made Cambek and won northern Macedonia in qualifying in Euro-2024
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724008-zbirna-ukraini-zdijsnila-kambek-i-peremogla-pivnicnu-makedoniu-v-kvalifikacii-do-evro2024.html
Famous photographer Yuri Voroshilov has departed in Kharkiv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724010-u-harkovi-pisov-z-zitta-vidomij-fotograf-urij-vorosilov.html
In Serbia, an investigation into detained Kosovo police officers began
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724011-u-serbii-rozpocali-slidstvo-sodo-zatrimanih-kosovskih-policejskih.html
Army Anna Ryzhikova and Victoria Tkachuk entered the top 7 in 400 m running with barriers at the Diamond League stage in Oslo
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/armijky-anna-ryzhykova-ta-viktoriya-tkachuk-uvijshly-do-top-7-v-bigu-na-400-m-z-baryeramy-na-etapi-diamantovoyi-ligy-v-oslo/
The "aircraft coalition" formed-Denmark and the Netherlands will provide preparation of our pilots on F-16 fighters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/litakova-koalicziya-sformovana-daniya-ta-niderlandy-zabezpechat-pidgotovku-nashyh-pilotiv-na-vynyshhuvachah-f-16/
In the last two days in the Bakhmut direction there is a minimum of combatants - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/za-ostanni-dvi-doby-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-sposterigayetsya-minimum-boyezitknen-sergij-cherevatyj/
Russian hackers are trying to discredit government response team on computer emergencies Cert-Ua
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/rosijski-hakery-namagayutsya-dyskredytuvaty-uryadovu-komandu-reaguvannya-na-kompyuterni-nadzvychajni-podiyi-cert-ua/
African leaders consider it possible to dialogue with Ukraine and the Russian Federation on children, prisoners and exports of grain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723991-afrikanski-lideri-vvazaut-mozlivim-dialog-z-ukrainou-ta-rf-sodo-ditej-vazniv-i-eksportu-zerna.html
Ukraine's defense forces occupy the ruling heights to displace the enemy from the approaches to Bakhmut - Alexander Syrsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/syly-oborony-ukrayiny-zajmayut-panivni-vysoty-aby-vytisnyty-voroga-z-pidstupiv-do-bahmuta-oleksandr-syrskyj/
Air Force will report threats online
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/povitryani-syly-povidomlyatymut-pro-zagrozy-v-rezhymi-onlajn/
Due to Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants, over 1550 houses remain flooded with flooded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/cherez-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-pidtoplenymy-zalyshayutsya-ponad-1550-budynkiv/
The Cabinet of Ministers will pay cash aid to the victims as a result
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-postrazhdali-vid-pidtoplennya-otrymayut-groshovu-dopomogu-u-rozmiri-5-tys-grn/
Vladimir Gavrilov: During Ramstay, we received positive answers to help strengthen the air forces and air defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/volodymyr-gavrylov-pid-chas-ramshtajnu-my-otrymaly-pozytyvni-vidpovidi-shho-dopomozhut-pidsylyty-povitryani-syly-ta-ppo/
Zelensky: Putin should be diplomatically isolated, the world should show that he is an aggressor and a terrorist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723992-zelenskij-putin-mae-buti-diplomaticno-izolovanim-svit-mae-pokazati-so-vin-agresor-i-terorist.html
Amnesty International condemned the Russian Federation for charges of 22 defenders of Mariupol
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/amnesty-international-zasudyla-rf-za-zvynuvachennya-22-zahysnykiv-mariupolya/
The air defense forces destroyed 12 rockets and 2 UAVs in the afternoon
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/syly-ppo-vden-znyshhyly-12-raket-i-2-bpla/
More than 3,000 airbombs have been deprived of pyrotechnics since the beginning of large -scale aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/ponad-3-tysyachi-aviabomb-zneshkodyly-pirotehniky-z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-agresiyi/
The rocket firing of Kiev during the visit of African leaders is an attempt to coercive negotiations - Petro Chernyk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/raketnyj-obstril-kyyeva-pid-chas-vizytu-afrykanskyh-lideriv-ye-sproboyu-prymusu-do-peregovoriv-petro-chernyk/
Up to 10 years in prison, an expert from Medvedchuk's TV channels, who called for "dismantling" of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/do-10-rokiv-tyurmy-zasudzheno-eksperta-z-telekanaliv-medvedchuka-yakyj-zaklykav-do-demontazhu-ukrayiny/
Two collaborators from Kherson region were detained, one of whom wanted to "hide" in the ranks of the National Guard
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/zatrymano-dvoh-kolaborantiv-z-hersonshhyny-odyn-z-yakyh-hotiv-shovatysya-u-lavah-naczgvardiyi/
Detained Russian agent who was preparing a new rocket strike of the Russian Federation on Vinnitsa
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/zatrymano-rosijskogo-agenta-yakyj-gotuvav-novyj-raketnyj-udar-rf-po-vinnyczi/
Igor Klimenko discussed with the US Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary in Ukraine Bridget Bridk Consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/igor-klymenko-obgovoryv-z-nadzvychajnym-i-povnovazhnym-poslom-ssha-v-ukrayini-bridzhyt-brink-naslidky-pidryvu-okupantamy-kahovskoyi-ges/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy: We are obliged to those who stood up for the life of our people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/volodymyr-zelenskyj-my-zobovyazani-tym-hto-stav-na-zahyst-zhyttya-nashogo-narodu/
For over 15 months of large -scale aggression, Russia has damaged or destroyed 1554 medical facilities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/za-ponad-15-misyacziv-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-agresiyi-rosiya-poshkodyla-abo-zrujnuvala-1554-medzaklady/
Someone breaks his hand, leg, open belly, and he is "all is well", tries to reassure you
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/komus-vidryvaye-ruku-nogu-rozpanahanyj-zhyvit-a-vin-vse-dobre-starayetsya-tebe-zaspokoyity/
The SBU warns of the preparation of a number of new IPSO by Russian special services
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/sbu-poperedzhaye-pro-pidgotovku-nyzky-novyh-ipso-rosijskymy-speczsluzhbamy/
Lithuanian Ministry of Defense Head: In Brussels, I observe incredible unity in support of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/glava-minoborony-lytvy-u-bryusseli-ya-sposterigayu-nejmovirnu-yednist-u-pidtrymczi-ukrayiny/
Our art struck four areas of focus of personnel and enemy military equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/nasha-arta-urazyla-chotyry-rajony-zoseredzhennya-osobovogo-skladu-ta-vijskovoyi-tehniky-protyvnyka/
As a result of Ukraine's shelling of Rosarmia, four civilians were killed over the past day, 21 were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/vnaslidok-obstrilu-ukrayiny-rosarmiyeyu-za-mynulu-dobu-zagynulo-chetvero-czyvilnyh-osib-21-poraneno/
Ukrainian defenders at night destroyed two "shahas" over Mykolaiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-unochi-znyshhyly-dva-shahedy-nad-mykolayivshhynoyu/
Europe cultural institutions will join the digitalization of Ukrainian museums and libraries - MKIP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3723994-kulturni-institucii-evropi-dolucatsa-do-cifrovizacii-ukrainskih-muzeiv-ta-bibliotek-mkip.html
The President of Ukraine convenes the NSDC meeting on June 23
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/prezydent-ukrayiny-sklykaye-zasidannya-rnbo-na-23-chervnya/
Alexei Reznikov met with the head of the Ministry of Defense of Canada at Ramstayna - thanked for his military assistance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/oleksij-reznikov-na-ramshtajni-zustrivsya-z-glavoyu-minoborony-kanady-podyakuvav-za-vijskovu-dopomogu/
The Government has approved amendments to the Customs Code to simplify the movement of goods of the Armed Forces across the border
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/uryad-shvalyv-zminy-do-mytnogo-kodeksu-shhodo-sproshhennya-peremishhennya-vantazhiv-zsu-cherez-kordon/
The occupiers from the Storm-Z detachment rob their own units and disappear in an "unknown direction"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/okupanty-zi-skladu-zagoniv-shtorm-z-grabuyut-vlasni-pidrozdily-ta-znykayut-v-nevidomomu-napryamku/
The right of the Ministry of Defense to the land plot worth more than UAH 1.7 million in Kremenchug is renewed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/ponovleno-pravo-ministerstva-oborony-na-zemelnu-dilyanku-vartistyu-ponad-17-mln-grn-u-kremenchuzi/
Canadian Air Force has already sent more than 5,000 tons of military assistance to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/kanadski-povitryani-syly-vzhe-dopravyly-v-ukrayinu-ponad-5-000-tonn-vijskovoyi-dopomogy/
68 of the Armed Forces and National Guard officers who studied at the National University of Defense have the title of Hero of Ukraine - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/68-oficzeriv-zsu-ta-naczgvardiyi-yaki-navchalysya-v-naczionalnomu-universyteti-oborony-mayut-zvannya-geroya-ukrayiny-prezydent-ukrayiny/
CEO of the IAEA visited the ZPP: The station can work safely for a certain time
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/gendyrektor-magate-vidvidav-zaes-stancziya-mozhe-praczyuvaty-bezpechno-vprodovzh-pevnogo-chasu/
Dmytro Kuleba called NATO Secretary General to take a step towards Ukraine's membership in the Alliance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/dmytro-kuleba-zaklykav-genseka-nato-zrobyty-krok-do-chlenstva-ukrayiny-v-alyansi/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 17,000 crimes against National Security have been documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-17-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-naczbezpeky-8/
The suspicion of the so -called "media" from Kherson region was reported, which promoted the integration of the region into the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-tak-zvanij-medijnyczi-z-hersonshhyny-yaka-propaguvala-integracziyu-regionu-do-rf/
In all directions of the onset of defense forces in the south there is a promotion of up to two kilometers - a painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723995-na-vsih-napramkah-nastupu-sil-oboroni-na-pivdni-e-prosuvanna-do-dvoh-kilometriv-malar.html
The EU Ambassador to Ukraine Matti Maasikas responded to the Russian Federation's missile strike during African leaders' visit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/posol-yes-v-ukrayini-matti-maasikas-vidreaguvav-na-raketnyj-udar-rf-pid-chas-vizytu-afrykanskyh-lideriv/
Dmytro Kuleba about Russian attack in Kiev: it is a signal of Africa that the Russian Federation wants more war rather than peace
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/dmytro-kuleba-pro-rosijsku-ataku-po-kyyevu-cze-sygnal-afryczi-shho-rf-hoche-bilshe-vijny-a-ne-myru/
The occupiers keep rocket launchers in the Black Sea with eight "caliber"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/okupanty-trymayut-u-chornomu-mori-raketonosij-iz-vismoma-kalibramy/
How to buy housing veterans on the principle of co -financing - clarification
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/yak-prydbaty-zhytlo-veteranam-za-prynczypom-spivfinansuvannya-rozyasnennya/
Despite the fierce resistance of the invaders, the forces of defense move forward - Valery Shershn
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/popry-shalenyj-sprotyv-okupantiv-syly-oborony-ruhayutsya-vpered-valerij-shershen/
Ukrainian military is trained by former military from NATO countries
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/na-harkivshhyni-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-navchayut-instruktory-z-krayin-nato/
The enemy was hit by 24 aviation strikes and made 35 shelling from the RSSL on the positions of our troops and settlements
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/vorog-zavdav-24-aviaczijnyh-udariv-ta-zdijsnyv-35-obstriliv-z-rszv-po-pozycziyah-nashyh-vijsk-ta-naselenyh-punktah/
7 years of blocking: June 15, the first since 2016 meeting of the Ukraine-NATO (KUN) meeting at the level of defense ministers took place
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/7-rokiv-blokuvannya-15-chervnya-vidbulosya-pershe-z-2016-roku-zasidannya-komisiyi-ukrayina-nato-kun-na-rivni-ministriv-oborony/
102 buildings remain flooded in Mykolaiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/na-mykolayivshhyni-zalyshayutsya-pidtoplenymy-102-budivli/
Over 5,000 meters of trenches were dug: Sergey Naev showed how the state border is strengthened
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/vyryto-ponad-5-tys-metriv-transhej-sergij-nayev-pokazav-yak-zmicznyuyut-derzhavnyj-kordon/
Wounded as a result of Nikopol's shelling woman in serious condition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723997-poranena-vnaslidok-obstrilu-nikopola-zinka-u-vazkomu-stani.html
The occupiers have arranged torture in one of the schools of Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/okupanty-oblashtuvaly-kativnyu-v-odnij-zi-shkil-hersonskoyi-oblasti/
Our army is getting stronger today - the President appealed to graduates of the National University of Defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/nashe-vijsko-sogodni-staye-shhe-micznishym-prezydent-zvernuvsya-do-vypusknykiv-naczionalnogo-universytetu-oborony/
Ukraine and the EU will strengthen the exchange of information on cases of bypassing sanctions against the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/ukrayina-ta-yes-posylyat-obmin-informacziyeyu-pro-vypadky-obhodu-zastosovanyh-sankczij-proty-rf/
Defense forces in a week neutralized nearly 8,000 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/syly-oborony-za-tyzhden-zneshkodyly-majzhe-8-tysyach-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
In Kiev, for children, servicemen organized a cartoon "Mavka. Forest Song"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/u-kyyevi-dlya-ditej-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-organizuvaly-pokaz-multfilmu-mavka-lisova-pisnya/
The Russians once again fired at the border of Sumy and Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/rosiyany-vchergove-obstrilyaly-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-j-chernigivshhyny/
Russia applies massive torture against Ukrainians massively - UN Rapporteur on Torture
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/rosiya-masovo-zastosovuye-proty-ukrayincziv-zhorstoki-tortury-dopovidach-oon-z-pytan-katuvan/
Ukrainian aviation has inflicted 14 blows on the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/ukrayinska-aviacziya-zavdala-14-udariv-po-vorogu/
No one can feel protected while Russia is trying to make aggression global norm - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/nihto-ne-mozhe-pochuvatysya-zahyshhenym-poky-rosiya-namagayetsya-zrobyty-agresiyu-globalnoyu-normoyu-prezydent-ukrayiny/
A meeting of the national body on mine activity took place
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/vidbulosya-zasidannya-naczionalnogo-organu-z-pytan-protyminnoyi-diyalnosti-2/
Citizens of foreign countries, especially children, should leave the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine - Irina Vereshchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/gromadyany-inozemnyh-derzhav-osoblyvo-dity-mayut-pokynuty-tymchasovo-okupovani-terytoriyi-ukrayiny-iryna-vereshhuk/
Reznikov about Ukraine-NATO Council: Ukraine de facto becomes a member of the Alliance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723998-reznikov-pro-radu-ukrainanato-ukraina-defakto-stae-clenom-alansu.html
Spain will give Ukraine APC, field hospital and renovated Leopard 2
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/ispaniya-nadast-ukrayini-btry-polovyj-shpytal-ta-vidremontovani-leopard-2/
Denmark and the Netherlands will prepare our pilots on F-16 fighters-Alexey Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/daniya-ta-niderlandy-zabezpechat-pidgotovku-nashyh-pilotiv-na-vynyshhuvachah-f-16-oleksij-reznikov/
The enemy shock helicopter Ka-52 has been destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/znyshheno-vorozhyj-udarnyj-vertolit-ka-52/
The next issue of the combined training of the commanders of the departments and the main sergeants of the platoons took place in the DShV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/u-dshv-vidbuvsya-chergovyj-vypusk-kursu-sumishhenoyi-pidgotovky-komandyriv-viddilen-ta-golovnyh-serzhantiv-vzvodiv/
The enemy has no chance: Marines Intelligence Units worked out a counter -battle
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/u-voroga-nemaye-shansiv-pidrozdily-rozvidky-morskoyi-pihoty-vidpraczyuvaly-vedennya-zustrichnogo-boyu/
Debunk the next Russian fake on the exchange of prisoners
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/rozvinchano-chergovyj-rosijskyj-fejk-pro-obmin-polonenymy/
Each warrior, every new step, every meter liberated from the enemy of Ukrainian land is the most important thing - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/kozhen-nash-voyin-kozhen-novyj-krok-kozhen-metr-zvilnenoyi-vid-voroga-ukrayinskoyi-zemli-cze-najvazhlyvishe-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
The invaders are blackmailing security problems at the Zaporozhye NPP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/okupanty-shantazhuyut-problemamy-bezpeky-na-zaporizkij-aes/
The enemy from the barrel artillery and mortars fired at the border of Sumy and Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/vorog-zi-stvolnoyi-artyleriyi-i-minometiv-obstrilyav-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-i-chernigivshhyny/
Short. War. Day 478. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/korotko-vijna-den-478-videodajdzhest/
The Armed Forces destroyed the Russian helicopter KA-52 in the Donetsk direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724000-zsu-znisili-rosijskij-vertolit-ka52-na-doneckomu-napramku.html
Prystayko urged to take seriously the placement of nuclear weapons of the Russian Federation in Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724014-pristajko-zaklikav-serjozno-postavitisa-do-rozmisenna-adernoi-zbroi-rf-v-bilorusi.html
Georgia firmly continues to support Ukraine - the Foreign Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724013-gruzia-tverdo-prodovzue-pidtrimuvati-ukrainu-glava-mzs.html
Georgia firmly continues to support Ukraine - the Foreign Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724013-gruzia-tverdo-prodovzue-pidtrimuvati-ukrainu-glava-mzs.html
Prystayko urged to take seriously the placement of nuclear weapons of the Russian Federation in Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724014-pristajko-zaklikav-serjozno-postavitisa-do-rozmisenna-adernoi-zbroi-rf-v-bilorusi.html
UN representatives brought the humanitarian to the inhabitants of the flooded Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724016-predstavniki-oon-privezli-gumanitarku-meskancam-pidtoplenoi-hersonsini.html
The Albanian Government supported cannabis legalization
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724017-albanskij-urad-pidtrimav-legalizaciu-kanabisu.html

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====