乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-11

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

The US gives Ukraine a new military assistance package of $ 2.1 billion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/ssha-dayut-ukrayini-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-na-21-mlrd/
The assets of the agro -enterprise of the Russian deputy of Belgorod region were arrested
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/areshtovano-aktyvy-agropidpryyemstva-rosijskogo-deputata-byelgorodskoyi-oblasti/
Ukraine has agreed with the World Bank on a quick assessment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/ukrayina-domovylasya-zi-svitovym-bankom-pro-shvydku-oczinku-zbytkiv-vid-katastrofy-na-kahovskij-ges-premyer-ministr-2/
NSU is evacuating the victims who found themselves in a water trap in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/ngu-zdijsnyuye-evakuacziyu-postrazhdalyh-yaki-opynylysya-u-vodyanij-pastczi-na-hersonshhyni/
The Cabinet has approved changes that will contribute to the development of catastrophe medicine by world standards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/kabmin-zatverdyv-zminy-yaki-spryyatymut-rozvytku-medyczyny-katastrof-za-svitovymy-standartamy/
Our aviation over the past day has struck 19 beats by the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/nasha-aviacziya-za-mynulu-dobu-zavdala-19-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
Over the past day, the enemy has inflicted 8 rocket launchers and 74 aircraft
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/za-mynulu-dobu-vorog-zavdav-8-raketnyh-ta-74-aviaudariv/
In Kherson region, the occupiers allow evacuation to people with Russian passports
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/na-hersonshhyni-okupanty-dozvolyayut-evakuacziyu-lyshe-lyudyam-z-rosijskymy-pasportamy/
Ukraine at the Vilnius Summit will receive an algorithm of joining NATO - Vladimir Gavrilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/ukrayina-na-vilnyuskomu-samiti-otrymaye-algorytm-vstupu-do-nato-zastupnyk-ministra-oborony-gavrylov/
The racists escaped from combat positions in Luhansk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/rashysty-povtikaly-z-bojovyh-pozyczij-na-luganshhyni-2/
Discovered the fish of the fish - inform the State Fisheries Agency
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/vyyavyly-mor-ryby-povidomte-derzhrybagentstvo/
Discovered the fish of the fish - inform the State Fisheries Agency
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/vyyavyly-mor-ryby-povidomte-derzhrybagentstvo/
Police continues to deliver humanitarian aid to the residents of flooded territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/policziya-prodovzhuye-dostavlyaty-meshkanczyam-pidtoplenyh-terytorij-gumanitarnu-dopomogu/
Asia countries are increasingly leaning to Ukraine's support - Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Volodymyr Gavrilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/krayiny-aziyi-vse-bilshe-shylyayutsya-do-pidtrymky-ukrayiny-zastupnyk-ministra-oborony-ukrayiny-volodymyrgavrylov/
Enemy Loss per day: Almost 900 invaders were eliminated, 15 artisystems and 8 tanks were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-majzhe-900-okupantiv-znyshheno-15-artsystemy-ta-8-tankiv/
Ukrainian meaning for international relations is that we must take care of each other - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/ukrayinskyj-sens-dlya-mizhnarodnyh-vidnosyn-polyagaye-v-tomu-shho-my-mayemo-dbaty-odne-pro-odnogo-zavzhdy-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
The Crimean Korolactrician blogger has spoken about the preparation of the Russians of the Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power Plant
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/10/krymskyj-bloger-kolaborant-progovoryvsya-pro-pidgotovku-rosiyanamy-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
In Nikopol as a result of hostile shelling damaged medical facility
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721478-u-nikopoli-vnaslidok-vorozogo-obstrilu-poskodzenij-medzaklad.html
The Czech President met with a Ukrainian schoolgirl who was harassed by classmates
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721330-prezident-cehii-zustrivsa-z-ukrainskou-skolarkou-aku-ckuvali-odnoklasniki.html
Khohovskaya hydroelectric power station: ArcelorMittal Kryvyi Rih plant will continue to work remotely
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721500-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-zavodoupravlinna-arselormittal-krivij-rig-prodovzit-pracuvati-viddaleno.html
In Prague, they held an action to draw attention to the Russian terrorist attack on the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721281-u-prazi-proveli-akciu-sob-privernuti-uvagu-do-teraktu-rosian-na-kahovskij-ges.html
In Prague, they held an action to draw attention to the Russian terrorist attack on the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721281-u-prazi-proveli-akciu-sob-privernuti-uvagu-do-teraktu-rosian-na-kahovskij-ges.html
From the Left Bank of Kherson region managed to evacuate 112 people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721491-z-livoberezza-hersonsini-vdalosa-evakuuvati-112-ludej.html
The Ukrainian military liberated another settlement in Donetsk - Makarivka
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721490-ukrainski-vijskovi-zvilnili-se-odin-naselenij-punkt-na-doneccini-makarivku.html
In Kharkiv, a man exploded while mowing grass
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721488-na-harkivsini-colovik-pidirvavsa-pid-cas-skosuvanna-travi.html
The water level in the flooded Kherson region is already less than four meters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721486-riven-vodi-na-zatoplenij-hersonsini-vze-stanovit-mens-ak-cotiri-metri.html
The Ukrainian Basketball Team 3x3 gave way to Germany in a decisive match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721485-zbirna-ukraini-z-basketbolu-3h3-postupilas-nimeccini-u-virisalnomu-matci-za-vihid-na-ce.html
In Kherson under the rubble of the house found the deceased
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721483-u-hersoni-pid-zavalami-budinku-znajsli-zagiblogo.html
Evacuation fire: The number of wounded in Kherson region has increased to 23
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721479-obstril-pid-cas-evakuacii-kilkist-poranenih-na-hersonsini-zrosla-do-23.html
Zelensky and Trudeau turned to the world media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721495-zelenskij-i-trudo-zvernulisa-do-svitovih-zmi.html
During the day the water level in the water area of Nikolaev decreased by another eight centimeters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721512-za-den-riven-vodi-v-akvatorii-mikolaeva-znizivsa-se-na-visim-santimetriv.html
Ukraine is a silver medalist of the World Cup on Jesky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721520-ukraina-sribnij-prizer-cempionatu-svitu-z-sokki.html
Infectoryist recommends giving up fish products because of the threat of botulism
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721276-infekcionist-rekomendue-vidmovitisa-vid-ribnih-produktiv-cerez-zagrozu-botulizmu.html
672 people have been rescued from the flood zone in Kherson region - SES
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721277-iz-zoni-pidtoplenna-na-hersonsini-vratuvali-vze-672-ludini-dsns.html
In Prague, they held an action to draw attention to the Russian terrorist attack on the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721281-u-prazi-proveli-akciu-sob-privernuti-uvagu-do-teraktu-rosian-na-kahovskij-ges.html
Russia can produce rockets bypassing sanctions - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721283-rosia-moze-viroblati-raketi-zavdaki-obhodu-sankcij-ignat.html
The Armed Forces were released by the fertile in the Donetsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721286-zsu-zvilnili-blagodatne.html
In Melitopol at night there was a shootout - the mayor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721289-u-melitopoli-vnoci-stalasa-perestrilka-mer.html
Infectoryist warns of the threat of leptospirosis, in the risk zone - rescuers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721295-infekcionist-poperedzae-pro-zagrozu-leptospirozu-u-zoni-riziku-ratuvalniki.html
States plan to return to UNESCO - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721296-stati-planuut-povernutisa-do-unesko-zmi.html
The Russians spread fakes about the loss of Ukraine in the Zaporozhye direction - GeoconFirMed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721297-rosiani-posiruut-fejki-pro-vtrati-ukraini-na-zaporizkomu-napramku-geoconfirmed.html
Zelensky introduced the NSDC decision on sanctions against 178 people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721299-zelenskij-uviv-u-diu-risenna-rnbo-sodo-sankcij-proti-178-osib.html
Ignatu on F -16 Tuition: Ukrainian Pilots - At a Low Start
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721306-ignat-pro-navcanna-na-f16-ukrainski-piloti-na-nizkomu-starti.html
Ukraine's men's national team came to the finals of four golden volleyball Eurolete
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721521-colovica-zbirna-ukraini-dostrokovo-vijsla-u-final-cotiroh-zolotoi-evroligi-z-volejbolu.html
The Black Sea as a result of the exploration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721307-corne-more-vnaslidok-pidrivu-rosianami-kahovskoi-ges-pocalo-oprisnuvatis-ekologi.html
The enemy from the beginning of the day fired at Sumy region four times - 43 explosions were heard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721309-vorog-vid-pocatku-dobi-cotiri-razi-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-prolunali-43-vibuhi.html
In the Lavra, the first prayer was held for Ivan Mazepa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721212-u-kievopecerskij-lavri-vperse-pomolilisa-za-upokij-ivana-mazepi.html
The players of the national team of Ukraine came to the finals of the World Cup 2023 with SOCCA, beating Croatia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721315-futbolisti-zbirnoi-ukraini-vijsli-u-final-cs2023-iz-socca-obigravsi-horvatiu.html
Zelenski invited Trudeau to take part in a test on veterans rehabilitation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721318-zelenska-zaprosila-trudo-vzati-ucast-u-proekti-z-reabilitacii-veteraniv.html
Almost five mouths of the Russians were destroyed in the Taurian direction per day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721317-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-za-dobu-znisili-majze-pat-rot-rosian.html
The military administration declares a critical situation in the occupied Golopristan community
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721322-vijskova-administracia-zaavlae-pro-kriticnu-situaciu-v-okupovanij-golopristanskij-gromadi.html
The President's office was discussed with the UAE delegation problem by Russia's bypassing international sanctions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721324-v-ofisi-prezidenta-obgovorili-z-delegacieu-oae-problemu-obhodu-rosieu-miznarodnih-sankcij.html
The enemy per day fired at Sumy region border, there is damage
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721515-vorog-za-den-pat-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-e-poskodzenna.html
In the flood zone, there are no cases of infectious diseases - Lyashko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721326-u-zoni-pidtoplen-narazi-ne-zafiksuvali-vipadkiv-infekcijnih-hvorob-lasko.html
The Czech President met with a Ukrainian schoolgirl who was harassed by classmates
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721330-prezident-cehii-zustrivsa-z-ukrainskou-skolarkou-aku-ckuvali-odnoklasniki.html
Kostin and representatives of the ISS visited Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721333-kostin-i-predstavniki-mks-vidvidali-hersonsinu.html
Kostin and representatives of the ISS visited Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721333-kostin-i-predstavniki-mks-vidvidali-hersonsinu.html
Water level in the Nikopol area decreased by another 18 centimeters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721334-riven-vodi-u-rajoni-nikopola-znizivsa-se-na-18-santimetriv.html
Water level in the Nikopol area decreased by another 18 centimeters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721334-riven-vodi-u-rajoni-nikopola-znizivsa-se-na-18-santimetriv.html
In the flooded Kherson found an oil spot
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721337-u-zatoplenomu-hersoni-viavili-naftovu-plamu.html
Kravchenko will play in the Final of the CHALLENGER ATP Tournament in Lyon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721336-kravcenko-zigrae-u-finali-kvalifikacii-turniru-atp-serii-challenger-v-lioni.html
Russians want us to spend on "cheeda" anti -aircraft missiles - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721339-rosiani-hocut-abi-mi-vitratili-na-sahedi-zenitni-raketi-ignat.html
Through the terrorist attack of the Russians at the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, six people were killed, 10 more were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721344-na-hersonsini-vnaslidok-pidtoplenna-zaginuli-patero-ludej-35-znikli-bezvisti.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants: Austrian communities transferred boats and pumps to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721343-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-avstrijski-gromadi-peredali-ukraini-covni-ta-nasosi.html
In Kiev, all shelters were checked: 65% were found suitable
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3721346-u-kievi-perevirili-vsi-ukritta-65-viznali-pridatnimi.html
In Kherson region the flood area has almost doubled
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721348-na-hersonsini-plosa-pidtoplenna-zmensilasa-majze-vdvici.html
In Japan there was an earthquake of magnitude 6.2
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721350-v-aponii-stavsa-zemletrus-magnitudou-62.html
Polish agrarians stopped blocking the border with Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721353-polski-agrarii-pripinili-blokuvanna-kordonu-z-ukrainou.html
Dangerous swamp: Klimenko warns against attempts to get on the Kakhovka reservoir
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721509-nebezpecne-boloto-klimenko-zasterigae-vid-sprob-potrapiti-na-kahovske-vodoshovise.html
Ukraine received an opponent in the Finals of the 2023 World Cup with SOCCA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721356-ukraina-otrimala-supernika-u-finali-cs2023-iz-socca.html
Turkish Airlines aircraft made an emergency landing in Budapest because of a baby's death
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721359-litak-turkish-airlines-zdijsniv-ekstrenu-posadku-u-budapesti-cerez-smert-ditini.html
The courts are considering several lawsuits on the return of the Kiev Lavra to the government of the state - Tkachenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721361-sudi-rozgladaut-kilka-pozoviv-pro-povernenna-kiivskoi-lavri-v-upravlinna-derzavi-tkacenko.html
On the Odessa coast takes a snake from Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721363-na-odeske-uzberezza-vinosit-zmij-z-hersonsini.html
The Russians dropped the airbags on the village of Cossack in the Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721365-rosiani-skinuli-aviabombi-na-selise-kozacke-u-hersonskij-oblasti.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
UAE provided $ 4 million for erection of homes for foster families
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721368-oae-nadali-4-miljoni-na-zvedenna-budinkiv-dla-prijomnih-rodin.html
UNESCO funds the restoration of the church of all the saints built by Mazepa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3721370-unesko-profinansue-restavraciu-cerkvi-vsih-svatih-aku-zbuduvav-mazepa.html
Kakhovka reservoir has already shaken by 70%
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721373-kahovske-vodoshovise-vze-obmililo-na-70.html
Hondura opened the embassy in the PRC after breaking relations with Taiwan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721376-gonduras-vidkriv-posolstvo-v-knr-pisla-rozrivu-vidnosin-iz-tajvanem.html
The International Union of Skating has continued the removal of Russians and Belarus from competitions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721377-miznarodnij-souz-kovzanariv-prodovziv-vidstoronenna-rosian-i-bilorusiv-vid-zmagan.html
In Lviv, almost 40 settlements have been disconnected due to bad weather
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721379-na-lvivsini-cerez-negodu-znestrumleno-majze-40-naselenih-punktiv.html
In the Chernihiv region opened the movement of a repaired bridge
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3721381-na-cernigivsini-vidkrili-ruh-vidremontovanim-mostom.html
The European Commission has canceled the ban on imports of 12 groups of goods from Ukraine - Stephanyshyn
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721524-evrokomisia-skasuvala-zaboronu-na-import-12-grup-tovariv-z-ukraini-stefanisina.html
Meaningless and murderous for Ukraine and Europe: Podolyak about negotiations with the current Moscow regime
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721387-bezgluzdo-i-vbivco-dla-ukraini-i-evropi-podolak-pro-peregovori-z-ninisnim-moskovskim-rezimom.html
In the Hague, relatives of the dead MH17 flight staged a protest action opposite the Russian Embassy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721389-u-gaazi-rodici-zagiblih-rejsu-mh17-vlastuvali-akciu-protestu-navproti-rosijskogo-posolstva.html
There was a shooting in Houston's parking lot - six wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721391-na-avtostoanci-u-hustoni-stalasa-strilanina-sestero-poranenih.html
Minus 60 centimeters per day: in Kherson region - a steady tendency to reduce water levels
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721392-minus-60-santimetriv-za-dobu-na-hersonsini-stijka-tendencia-do-znizenna-rivna-vodi.html
Russia declares that the Armed Forces attacked the marine drones of the Azovsky ship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721394-rosia-zaavlae-so-zsu-atakuvali-morskimi-bezpilotnikami-korabel-priazova.html
Powerful showers caused flooding in Ankara
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721395-potuzni-zlivi-spricinili-zatoplenna-v-ankari.html
On the sea coast of Odessa took two river mines
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721400-na-morske-uzberezza-odesini-vineslo-dvi-rickovi-mini.html
The situation in flooded oles are critical: the Russians closed the city, there is no light and gas - ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721402-situacia-v-okupovanih-oleskah-kriticna-rosiani-zakrili-misto-nemae-svitla-i-gazu-ova.html
Roma signed Auar midfielder
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721404-roma-pidpisala-pivzahisnika-auara.html
On the match Germany - Ukraine sold all 35 thousand tickets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721523-na-matc-nimeccina-ukraina-prodano-vsi-35-tisac-kvitkiv.html
In defense forces told about the liberation of a graceful
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721406-u-silah-oboroni-rozpovili-pro-vizvolenna-blagodatnogo.html
In Crimea there was an explosion on the rail - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3721409-u-krimu-stavsa-vibuh-na-zaliznici-zmi.html
The male national team of basketball 3x3 went to the semifinals of the selection on the CHE
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721411-colovica-zbirna-ukraini-z-basketbolu-3h3-vijsla-u-pivfinal-vidboru-na-ce.html
Evacuation from the Left Bank of Kherson Region: Russians fired a boat with civilians, are wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721418-rosiani-obstrilali-coven-z-civilnimi-aki-evakuuvalisa-z-livoberezza-hersonsini-e-poraneni.html
The Brooklyn Museum presented an exposition about Picasso's attitude towards women
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3721421-u-bruklinskomu-muzei-predstavili-ekspoziciu-pro-stavlenna-pikasso-do-zinok.html
In Berdyansk there were explosions in the port of port - social networking
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721422-u-berdansku-prolunali-vibuhi-v-rajoni-portu-socmerezi.html
A photo exhibition of Ukrinform correspondent opened in France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3721425-u-francii-vidkrilasa-fotovistavka-korespondentki-ukrinformu.html
Near Melitopol the guerrillas blown up the railway bridge - the Armed Forces Officer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721427-bila-melitopola-partizani-pidirvali-zaliznicnij-mist-oficer-zsu.html
The underground establishes persons of direct participants in Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721428-pidpilla-vstanovlue-osobi-bezposerednih-ucasnikiv-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Theophimo Lopez announced the completion of his career
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721429-teofimo-lopes-ogolosiv-pro-zaversenna-kareri.html
Zelensky spoke with Duda about waiting for a NATO summit in Vilnius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721526-zelenskij-pogovoriv-z-dudou-pro-ocikuvanna-vid-samitu-nato-u-vilnusi.html
SES fighters received nine firefighters from Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3721431-bijci-dsns-otrimali-vid-polsi-devat-pozeznih-motopomp.html
Rebrov: We are here - show that Ukraine is alive, we play football
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721432-rebrov-mi-tut-pokazuemo-so-ukraina-ziva-mi-graemo-u-futbol.html
Latvia refused to consider the request of the Russian director for granting asylum
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721434-latvia-vidmovilasa-rozgladati-prohanna-rosijskogo-rezisera-pro-nadanna-pritulku.html
More single contributions and own income: As the Pension Fund replenished
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721439-bilse-edinih-vneskiv-i-vlasnih-dohodiv-ak-popovnuvavsa-pensijnij-fond-za-pat-misaciv.html
Evacuation boat shelling in Kherson region: three dead, ten wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721442-obstril-evakuacijnogo-covna-na-hersonsini-troe-zagiblih-desatero-poranenih.html
In the Kakhovka reservoir sites, ammunition is found even in the Second World War
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721441-na-dilankah-kahovskogo-vodoshovisa-viavlaut-boepripasi-navit-casiv-drugoi-svitovoi.html
The Armed Forces were released in Nescny in Donetsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721444-zsu-zvilnili-neskucne-u-doneckij-oblasti.html
Another 95 Ukrainian defenders returned from captivity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721443-se-95-ukrainskih-zahisnikiv-povernulisa-z-polonu.html
Ukrainians will not feel critical shortage of products due to Kakhovka hydroelectric power hydroe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721448-kriticnogo-deficitu-produktiv-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-ukrainci-ne-vidcuut-minagropolitiki.html
In Germany, 580 crimes committed by the eco -activists of the "last generation" were recorded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721455-u-nimeccini-zafiksuvali-580-zlociniv-skoenih-ekoaktivistami-ostannogo-pokolinna.html
Ferrari for the first time since 1965 won "24 hours of Le-Man"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721453-ferrari-vperse-z-1965-roku-vigrala-24-godini-lemanu.html
In four directions of the front continue heavy battles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721454-na-cotiroh-napramkah-frontu-trivaut-vazki-boi.html
In the Bakhmut area per day of the Armed Forces, 92 invaders were destroyed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721459-u-rajoni-bahmuta-za-dobu-zsu-znisili-92-zagarbnikiv-cerevatij.html
In Ukraine on Monday - rains, sometimes with thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721332-v-ukraini-u-ponedilok-dosi-podekudi-z-grozami.html
Dzhokovich beat Rudy and won "Rolan Harros"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721461-dzokovic-obigrav-ruuda-i-vigrav-rolan-garros.html
During the evacuation in the Kherson region, despite the shelling, 21 people were saved
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721462-pid-cas-evakuacii-na-hersonsini-popri-obstril-vratuvali-21-ludinu.html
Victims due to Kakhovskaya Hydroe Hephore will be compensated - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721463-postrazdali-vnaslidok-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-otrimaut-kompensacii-smigal.html
The Armed Forces moved the front line by grasping the enemy position in the Avdeevsky direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721465-zsu-posunuli-liniu-frontu-zahopivsi-vorozu-poziciu-na-avdiivskomu-napramku.html
In Kherson region problems with drinking water in 19 settlements
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721466-na-hersonsini-problemi-z-pitnou-vodou-v-19-naselenih-punktah.html
Potentially dangerous asteroid - NASA approaches the ground
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3721215-do-zemli-nablizaetsa-potencijno-nebezpecnij-asteroid-nasa.html
EU ready to provide Tunisia over € 1 billion assistance to reduce migrant flow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721470-es-gotovij-nadati-tunisu-ponad-1-milard-dopomogi-dla-zmensenna-potoku-migrantiv.html
The invaders fired at the Hurricane village of Tsirkuni in Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721396-rosiani-obstriluut-harkivsinu.html
Soros gave control of his financial empire to his son
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721472-soros-peredav-kontrol-nad-svoeu-finansovou-imperieu-sinovi.html
Derevyanchenko: I am not upset because I know I won the duel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721497-derevancenko-a-ne-zasmucenij-bo-znau-so-vigrav-poedinok.html
Russians were banned from using their own ammunition through self -detotonation - General Staff
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721475-rosianam-zaboronili-vikoristovuvati-veliki-partii-boepripasiv-cerez-samodetonaciu-genstab.html
In Nikopol as a result of hostile shelling damaged medical facility
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721478-u-nikopoli-vnaslidok-vorozogo-obstrilu-poskodzenij-medzaklad.html
Evacuation fire: The number of wounded in Kherson region has increased to 23
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721479-obstril-pid-cas-evakuacii-kilkist-poranenih-na-hersonsini-zrosla-do-23.html
In Kherson under the rubble of the house found the deceased
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721483-u-hersoni-pid-zavalami-budinku-znajsli-zagiblogo.html
The Ukrainian Basketball Team 3x3 gave way to Germany in a decisive match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721485-zbirna-ukraini-z-basketbolu-3h3-postupilas-nimeccini-u-virisalnomu-matci-za-vihid-na-ce.html
The water level in the flooded Kherson region is already less than four meters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721486-riven-vodi-na-zatoplenij-hersonsini-vze-stanovit-mens-ak-cotiri-metri.html
In Kharkiv, a man exploded while mowing grass
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721488-na-harkivsini-colovik-pidirvavsa-pid-cas-skosuvanna-travi.html
Nikopol District received additional fire trucks for water transportation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721529-nikopolskij-rajon-otrimav-dodatkovi-pozezni-masini-dla-pidvezenna-vodi.html
The Ukrainian military liberated another settlement in Donetsk - Makarivka
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721490-ukrainski-vijskovi-zvilnili-se-odin-naselenij-punkt-na-doneccini-makarivku.html
From the Left Bank of Kherson region managed to evacuate 112 people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721491-z-livoberezza-hersonsini-vdalosa-evakuuvati-112-ludej.html
Khohovskaya hydroelectric power station: ArcelorMittal Kryvyi Rih plant will continue to work remotely
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721500-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-zavodoupravlinna-arselormittal-krivij-rig-prodovzit-pracuvati-viddaleno.html
Zelensky and Trudeau turned to the world media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721495-zelenskij-i-trudo-zvernulisa-do-svitovih-zmi.html
Derevyanchenko: I am not upset because I know I won the duel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721497-derevancenko-a-ne-zasmucenij-bo-znau-so-vigrav-poedinok.html
Every resident of Kryvyi Rih should reduce water consumption by 40% - Vilkul
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721499-kozen-zitel-krivogo-rogu-mae-skorotiti-spozivanna-vodi-na-40-vilkul.html
In Kherson the water level in the Dnieper decreased to 3.6 meters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721501-u-hersoni-riven-vodi-u-dnipri-znizivsa-do-36-metra.html
Ukraine, together with the ISS, began an investigation into a terrorist attack on Kakhovskaya HPP - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721508-ukraina-spilno-z-mks-pocala-rozsliduvanna-teraktu-na-kahovskij-ges-zelenskij.html
The SBU showed a meeting liberated from captivity of defenders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721506-sbu-pokazala-zustric-zvilnenih-z-polonu-zahisnikiv.html
The SBU showed a meeting liberated from captivity of defenders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721506-sbu-pokazala-zustric-zvilnenih-z-polonu-zahisnikiv.html
The Russians blew up the dam in the Novodarivka area in Zaporozhye - the forces of Tavriya's defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721511-rosiani-pidirvali-dambu-v-rajoni-novodarivki-na-zaporizzi-sili-oboroni-tavrijskogo-napramku.html
The Russians blew up the dam in the Novodarivka area in Zaporozhye - the forces of Tavriya's defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721511-rosiani-pidirvali-dambu-v-rajoni-novodarivki-na-zaporizzi-sili-oboroni-tavrijskogo-napramku.html
The culprit of the explosion at the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant can only be Russia - Maasicas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721505-vinuvaticeu-vibuhu-na-kahovskij-ges-moze-buti-lise-rosia-maasikas.html
About four thousand people have already rescued from flooded territories - the President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721517-z-pidtoplenih-teritorij-vze-vratuvali-blizko-cotiroh-tisac-ludej-prezident.html
During the day the water level in the water area of Nikolaev decreased by another eight centimeters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721512-za-den-riven-vodi-v-akvatorii-mikolaeva-znizivsa-se-na-visim-santimetriv.html
Ukraine is a silver medalist of the World Cup on Jesky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721520-ukraina-sribnij-prizer-cempionatu-svitu-z-sokki.html
Ukraine's men's national team came to the finals of four golden volleyball Eurolete
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721521-colovica-zbirna-ukraini-dostrokovo-vijsla-u-final-cotiroh-zolotoi-evroligi-z-volejbolu.html
The enemy per day fired at Sumy region border, there is damage
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721515-vorog-za-den-pat-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-e-poskodzenna.html
Dangerous swamp: Klimenko warns against attempts to get on the Kakhovka reservoir
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721509-nebezpecne-boloto-klimenko-zasterigae-vid-sprob-potrapiti-na-kahovske-vodoshovise.html
The European Commission has canceled the ban on imports of 12 groups of goods from Ukraine - Stephanyshyn
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3721524-evrokomisia-skasuvala-zaboronu-na-import-12-grup-tovariv-z-ukraini-stefanisina.html
On the match Germany - Ukraine sold all 35 thousand tickets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3721523-na-matc-nimeccina-ukraina-prodano-vsi-35-tisac-kvitkiv.html
Zelensky spoke with Duda about waiting for a NATO summit in Vilnius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721526-zelenskij-pogovoriv-z-dudou-pro-ocikuvanna-vid-samitu-nato-u-vilnusi.html
In Ukraine on Monday - rains, sometimes with thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721332-v-ukraini-u-ponedilok-dosi-podekudi-z-grozami.html
Nikopol District received additional fire trucks for water transportation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721529-nikopolskij-rajon-otrimav-dodatkovi-pozezni-masini-dla-pidvezenna-vodi.html
Every resident of Kryvyi Rih should reduce water consumption by 40% - Vilkul
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721499-kozen-zitel-krivogo-rogu-mae-skorotiti-spozivanna-vodi-na-40-vilkul.html
In Kherson the water level in the Dnieper decreased to 3.6 meters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721501-u-hersoni-riven-vodi-u-dnipri-znizivsa-do-36-metra.html
Eliminated 8 new channels of escape of "bias" abroad
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/likvidovano-8-novyh-kanaliv-vtechi-uhylyantiv-za-kordon/
Ukrainian defenders dropped grenades directly on the heads of the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-skynuly-granaty-pryamo-na-golovy-okupantiv/
Kirill Budanov sometimes directly participates in special operations - Andrey Yusov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/kyrylo-budanov-inodi-bezposeredno-bere-uchast-u-speczoperacziyah-andrij-yusov/
Special Forces of the White Wolf unit showed how the invaders destroy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/speczpryznachenczi-pidrozdilu-bilyj-vovk-pokazaly-yak-nyshhat-okupantiv/
Ukraine, together with the ISS, began an investigation into a terrorist attack on Kakhovskaya HPP - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721508-ukraina-spilno-z-mks-pocala-rozsliduvanna-teraktu-na-kahovskij-ges-zelenskij.html
The occupier acknowledged that the Russians were picking boats in the local population in Kherson region - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/okupant-vyznav-shho-rosiyany-vidbyraly-chovny-v-misczevogo-naselennya-na-hersonshhyni-perehoplennya-gur/
Ukrainian air defense has destroyed 2 winged missiles and 20 shaped UAVs like
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/ukrayinska-ppo-znyshhyla-2-krylati-rakety-ta-20-udarnyh-bpla-typu-shahed/
Among the mobilized Russian Federation increased cases of failure to comply with orders, sabotage, non -statutory relationships and desertion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/sered-mobilizovanyh-rf-pochastishaly-vypadky-nevykonannya-nakaziv-sabotazhu-nestatutnyh-vzayemyn-ta-dezertyrstva-genshtab/
Enemy loss per day: more than 900 invaders were eliminated, 19 artisystems and 17 tanks were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-ponad-900-okupantiv-znyshheno-19-artsystem-ta-17-tankiv/
Prince Edward has made a visit to the Ukrainian soldiers who are trained in the UK
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/pryncz-eduard-zdijsnyv-vizyt-do-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-yaki-prohodyat-pidgotovku-u-velykij-brytaniyi/
The SBU showed a meeting liberated from captivity of defenders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721506-sbu-pokazala-zustric-zvilnenih-z-polonu-zahisnikiv.html
One wounded and two dead as a result of shelling of Zaporizhzhya region - proceedings have been started
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/odyn-poranenyj-ta-dvoye-zagyblyh-vnaslidok-obstrilu-zaporizkoyi-oblasti-rozpochato-provadzhennya/
At night, Ukrainian defenders destroyed at least six enemy drones - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/vnochi-ukrayinski-zahysnyky-znyshhyly-shhonajmenshe-shist-vorozhyh-droniv-yurij-ignat/
Water level in the ZPEC Collist stable-the headquarters of elimination of the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/riven-vody-u-stavku-oholodzhuvachi-zaes-stabilnyj-shtab-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
The main task of Viktor installations is to fight the UAV - Sergey Naev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/golovnym-zavdannyam-ustanovok-viktor-ye-borotba-z-udarnymy-bpla-sergij-nayev/
50 graduates of the DSST training center received diplomas in the specialty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/50-vypusknykiv-navchalnogo-czentru-dsst-otrymaly-dyplomy-za-fahom-saper-rozminuvannya/
The Russians blew up the dam in the Novodarivka area in Zaporozhye - the forces of Tavriya's defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3721511-rosiani-pidirvali-dambu-v-rajoni-novodarivki-na-zaporizzi-sili-oboroni-tavrijskogo-napramku.html
Our instructors are ready for 100% - Head of the Training Center of Forces of TRO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/nashi-instruktory-gotovi-na-100-kerivnyk-navchalnogo-czentru-syl-tro/
Switzerland will continue to help in the search work of missing persons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/shvejczariya-i-nadali-dopomagatyme-v-poshukovij-roboti-znyklyh-bezvisty-osib/
Foreign instructors teach Ukrainian children the basics of military skill
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/inozemni-instruktory-navchayut-ukrayinskyh-ditej-osnov-vijskovoyi-majsternosti/
Canada has introduced additional sanctions to protect Ukrainian culture from Russian destruction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/kanada-zaprovadyla-dodatkovi-sankcziyi-dlya-zahystu-ukrayinskoyi-kultury-vid-znyshhennya-rosiyeyu/
In the Black Sea on combat duty are six enemy ships
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/u-chornomu-mori-na-bojovomu-cherguvanni-znahodytsya-shist-vorozhyh-korabliv/
The enemy struck 92 and made 45 shellings from the RSLS
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/protyvnyk-zavdav-92-aviaczijnyh-udariv-ta-zdijsnyv-45-obstriliv-z-rszv/
The enemy attacked drones of the border city in Sumy region - prosecutors document the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/vorog-atakuvav-bezpilotnykamy-prykordonne-misto-na-sumshhyni-prokurory-dokumentuyut-naslidky/
Aviation of Defense Forces over the past day has made 16 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-mynulu-dobu-zavdala-16-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka-2/
The Ukrainian military seized and disposed of 1,176 explosive items for a week
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/ukrayinski-vijskovi-za-tyzhden-vyluchyly-ta-zneshkodyly-1176-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
In Beryslav region, the occupiers hit the kindergarten - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/na-beryslavshhyni-okupanty-vluchyly-v-dytyachyj-sadok-nataliya-gumenyuk/
The President of Ukraine has accepted the Minister of Climate Change and Environment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/prezydent-ukrayiny-pryjnyav-ministra-z-pytan-zminy-klimatu-j-navkolyshnogo-seredovyshha-oae/
Water is gradually retreating from Kherson region - the headquarters to eliminate the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/voda-postupovo-vidstupaye-z-hersonshhyny/
SES units neutralized 399 079 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/pidrozdily-dsns-zneshkodyly-399-079-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
Alexei Reznikov thanked Canada for a new tranche of 500 million Canadian dollars
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/oleksij-reznikov-podyakuvav-kanadi-za-novyj-transh-u-rozmiri-500-miljoniv-kanadskyh-dolariv/
The consequences of Russian shelling as of 09:00 June 11
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/naslidky-rosijskyh-obstriliv-stanom-na-0900-11-chervnya/
95 Ukrainians returned from captivity
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/z-polonu-povernulys-shhe-95-ukrayincziv/
Situation in the Nikolaev area: military people help people in flooded settlements
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/sytuacziya-na-mykolayivshhyni-vijskovi-dopomagayut-lyudyam-u-pidtoplenyh-naselenyh-punktah/
New Artillery Ammunition of the Russian Federation is forbidden to use because of their self -detonation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/novi-artylerijski-boyeprypasy-rf-zaboroneni-do-vykorystannya-cherez-yih-samodetonacziyu/
Ukrainian soldiers liberated the village of Blessed - Valery Shershn
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/ukrayinski-voyiny-zvilnyly-selyshhe-blagodatne-valerij-shershen/
The culprit of the explosion at the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant can only be Russia - Maasicas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3721505-vinuvaticeu-vibuhu-na-kahovskij-ges-moze-buti-lise-rosia-maasikas.html
In the Bakhmut direction, the occupiers lost many paratroopers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-okupanty-vtratyly-bagato-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-povitryano-desantnyh-vijsk/
Aviation of Defense Forces has struck 6 strokes by enemy concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-6-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka-2/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy, together with Justin Trudeau, addressed Canadian journalists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/volodymyr-zelenskyj-spilno-z-dzhastinom-tryudo-zvernuvsya-do-kanadskyh-zhurnalistiv/
In Marinka area our defenders reflected 12 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/v-rajoni-maryinky-nashi-zahysnyky-vidbyly-12-vorozhyh-atak/
It is very important that representatives of international justice in their own eyes see the consequences of a Russian terrorist attack on the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station - President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/duzhe-vazhlyvo-shhoby-predstavnyky-mizhnarodnogo-pravosuddya-na-vlasni-ochi-pobachyly-naslidky-rosijskogo-teraktu-na-kahovskij-ges-prezydent/
Blessed and Makarivka - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/deokupovano-naseleni-punkty-blagodatne-i-makarivka-ganna-malyar/
32 settlements on the right bank of the Dnieper remain flooded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/hersonska-oblast-operatyvna-sytuacziya-shhodo-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
The Russians are leading war on the old Soviet manual - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/rosiyany-vedut-vijnu-za-starym-radyanskym-posibnykom-sergij-cherevatyj/
Near Bakhmut in a lane of "Cold" enemy stopped active assault actions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/bilya-bahmutu-u-smuzi-vidpovidalnosti-holodnoyarcziv-vorog-prypynyv-aktyvni-shturmovi-diyi/
Short. War. Day 473. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/11/korotko-vijna-den-473-videodajdzhest/
About four thousand people have already rescued from flooded territories - the President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3721517-z-pidtoplenih-teritorij-vze-vratuvali-blizko-cotiroh-tisac-ludej-prezident.html
During the NATO summit in Vilnius, 33 thousand flags of Ukraine will be hung
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721531-pid-cas-samitu-nato-u-vilnusi-vivisat-33-tisaci-praporiv-ukraini.html
States recognized the existence of a Chinese spy base in the cube - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721530-stati-viznali-isnuvanna-kitajskoi-spigunskoi-bazi-na-kubi-zmi.html
States recognized the existence of a Chinese spy base in the cube - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721530-stati-viznali-isnuvanna-kitajskoi-spigunskoi-bazi-na-kubi-zmi.html
During the NATO summit in Vilnius, 33 thousand flags of Ukraine will be hung
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3721531-pid-cas-samitu-nato-u-vilnusi-vivisat-33-tisaci-praporiv-ukraini.html
奥斯特罗斯基王子旅的旅来了
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/do-voyiniv-brygady-imeni-knyazya-ostrozkogo-zavitav-kulturnyj-desant/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====