乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-07-03

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Topoli, Novomlynsk, Fyholivka, Masutivka and Kysli...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5246
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske, Dib...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5247
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Markovo, Bogdanivka, Time Yar, Ivanivs ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5248
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novokalinova, Berdyshi, Avdiivka, Pervomaisk An ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5249
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Hostre, Heorhiyivka, Maryinka, Pobyeda of Donetsk ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5250
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian Army Shelled Paraskovivka, Novomikhailivka, Golden Niva, C ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5251
The Ministry of Education has increased government orders to managers for work in de -checked territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/minosvity-zbilshylo-derzhzamovlennya-na-upravlincziv-dlya-roboty-na-deokupovanyh-terytoriyah/
Reported suspicion to the Russian propagandist, who called for the genocide of Ukrainians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-rosijskomu-propagandystu-yakyj-zaklykav-do-genoczydu-ukrayincziv/
DBR blocked a new channel of illegal transfer of military people to European countries
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/dbr-zablokuvalo-novyj-kanal-nezakonnogo-perepravlennya-vijskovozobovyazanyh-do-krayin-yevropy/
Grain Initiative: Russia has stopped registering an entrance fleet
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/zernova-inicziatyva-rosiya-prypynyla-reyestracziyu-vhidnogo-flotu/
Our aviation during the day has made more than 10 beats across the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/nasha-aviacziya-protyagom-doby-zavdala-ponad-10-udariv-po-vorogu/
Our defenders struck four areas of focus of enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/nashi-zahysnyky-urazyly-chotyry-rajony-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
The Russian serviceman tells about losses and complains about the absence of ammunition - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/vijskovosluzhbovecz-rf-rozpovidaye-pro-vtraty-ta-zhaliyetsya-na-vidsutnist-boyeprypasiv-perehoplennya-gur/
Defense forces per day eliminated nearly 800 invaders, destroyed 26 artisystems and 10 tanks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-800-okupantiv-znyshhyly-26-artsystem-ta-10-tankiv/
Prosecutors capture the effects of enemy shelling in Balakliya in Kharkiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/prokurory-fiksuyut-naslidky-vorozhogo-obstrilu-u-balakliyi-na-harkivshhyni/
Another meeting of the coordination headquarters for the restoration
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/vidbulosya-chergove-zasidannya-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-z-pytan-vidnovlennya-deokupovanyh-terytorij/
Ukrainian prosecutors take over the experience of investigating war crimes from their Croatian colleagues
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/ukrayinski-prokurory-perejmayut-vid-svoyih-horvatskyh-koleg-dosvid-rozsliduvannya-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
Severe fighting lasts in three directions, a day - 46 collisions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/tyazhki-boyi-tryvayut-na-troh-napryamkah-za-dobu-46-zitknen/
The task of the river flotilla is to support the land troops in the rich directions - Alexei Shephapa
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/zavdannyam-richkovoyi-flotyliyi-ye-pidtrymka-suhoputnyh-vijsk-na-pryrichkovyh-napryamkah-oleksij-neyizhpapa/
The Russians fired more than 10 settlements from the artillery. Among them Marinka and Novomikhailivka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/rosiyany-obstrilyaly-z-artyleriyi-ponad-10-naselenyh-punktiv-sered-nyh-maryinka-ta-novomyhajlivka/
Ukraine took third place in European Games 2023
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/ukrayina-posila-tretye-miscze-na-yevropejskyj-igrah-2023/
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Maryinka, Pobyeda and Novomykhaylivka of Donetsk r...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5260
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian Army Shelled Golden Niva, Greater Novosilka, Water Andes Coal ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5261
In occupied Crimea, a recorded residence in hotels
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3730950-v-okupovanomu-krimu-rekordno-podesevsalo-prozivanna-u-gotelah.html
In opposing to release Saakashvili from illegal imprisonment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730951-v-op-zaklikaut-zvilniti-saakasvili-z-nezakonnogo-uvaznenna.html
The threat from Belarus is permanent, "Wagnerivtsi" can enhance the grouping for invasion - military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730922-zagroza-z-bilorusi-permanentna-vagnerivci-mozut-posiliti-ugrupovanna-dla-vtorgnenna-vijskovi.html
"Drone Army" in a week destroyed 75 units of hostile equipment - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731034-armia-droniv-za-tizden-znisila-75-odinic-vorozoi-tehniki-fedorov.html
Sivershchyna And Slobozhanshchina DirecTion Rusian Army Shelled Karpovichi, Khrinivka, Kamya ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5255
The International Center in the Hague is the first effective step to the tribunal over Putin - human rights activists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731031-miznarodnij-centr-u-gaazi-e-persim-dievim-krokom-do-tribunalu-nad-putinim-pravozahisniki.html
The warriors of anti -aircraft missile troops have shot down more than three thousand targets of Russians - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731030-voini-zenitnih-raketnih-vijsk-zbili-vze-ponad-tri-tisaci-cilej-rosian-zelenskij.html
Ukrainian air defense should become the basis of Europe's air shield - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731029-ukrainska-ppo-mae-stati-osnovou-povitranogo-sita-evropi-zelenskij.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Verkhnokamy...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5257
Aus Bakhmut Directive Russian Army Sheled Vasyukivka, Og Ale And Ivanivsk of Donetsk Region ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5258
Russian troops fired at Sumy and Chernihiv during the day - 76 hits
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731025-rosijski-vijska-uprodovz-dna-obstriluvali-sumsinu-ta-cernigivsinu-76-vlucan.html
Ukraine for tomorrow predict heat up to +31 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730871-ukraini-na-zavtra-prognozuut-speku-do-31.html
At Avdiyivka direction Russian army shelled Avdiyivka and Pervomayske and Berdychi of Donetsk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5259
Armed Forces in a month can half the artillery potential of Russians - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731022-zsu-za-misac-mozut-napolovinu-skorotiti-artilerijskij-potencial-rosian-ekspert.html
Reznikov showed the Ukrainian SAU "Bogdan"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731010-reznikov-pokazav-ukrainsku-sau-bogdana.html
Ukrainian air defense shot down 13 of 17 Shahed drones launched by Russia overnight
https://t.me/kpszsu/3031
General Staff of Armed Forces of Ukraine estimates Russian losses at 230260
https://t.me/GeneralStaffZSU/8535
Destruction in Kushugum as result of Russian missile strike with S-300 missiles
https://t.me/info_zp/39895
FSB detained a man in Crimea, accused him in plotting assassination of the head of occupation...
https://t.me/shot_shot/53629
Russian drone hit residential house in central Sumy
https://t.me/suspilnesumy/12812
Russian Ka-52 helicopter was shot down on Berdyansk direction
https://t.me/lachentyt/31327
Ukrainian Defence Forces have advanced at Novodarivka - Pryutne, Novodanylivka - Robotyne and...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5254
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Novodarivka, Olhivske, Huliaipole...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5262
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5263
Today the International Centre for the Prosecution of the Crime of Aggression starts its work...
https://twitter.com/vonderleyen/status/1675795810900930561
Several houses on fire after shelling with MLRS GRAD in Belaya Berezka village of Briansk region
https://t.me/breakingmash/45586
1 person killed as result of Russian drone attack in Sumy
https://t.me/UkraineNow/35593
Ukraine’s Zaporizhzhya nuclear power plant has been reconnected to its only available back-up...
https://twitter.com/iaeaorg/status/1675855008649052161
Svitolina went out to the second circle of Wimbledon, beating the five -time Williams champion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731037-svitolina-vijsla-do-drugogo-kola-vimbldona-obigravsi-parazovu-cempionku-vilams.html
The legal and social bases of formation of motivation for the protection of the Motherland were discussed on a round table in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/pravovi-j-soczialni-osnovy-formuvannya-motyvacziyi-do-zahystu-batkivshhyny-obgovoryly-na-kruglomu-stoli-v-kyyevi/
Money from the sale of Amelin's book "November Syndrome" will go to the organization of the literary festival
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3731050-grosi-z-prodazu-knigi-amelinoi-sindrom-listopadu-pidut-na-organizaciu-literaturnogo-festivalu.html
Georgia's ambassador to Ukraine will be called to the Foreign Ministry tomorrow, the diplomat will return to Tbilisi - Kuleba
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731051-posla-gruzii-v-ukraini-zavtra-viklicut-do-mzs-diplomat-povernetsa-u-tbilisi-kuleba.html
Ukrainians abroad have simplified access to registration of civil status acts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730755-ukraincam-za-kordonom-sprostili-dostup-do-reestracii-aktiv-civilnogo-stanu.html
Our art struck the enemy management point and the personnel concentration area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/nasha-arta-vrazyla-vorozhyj-punkt-upravlinnya-ta-rajon-zoseredzhennya-osobovogo-skladu/
Chaliy said when they can make key decisions on Ukraine's accession to NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731052-calij-skazav-koli-mozut-prijnati-klucovi-risenna-sodo-vstupu-ukraini-do-nato.html
President Zelensky instructed the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to summon the ambassador of Geo...
https://t.me/suspilnenews/22188
The enemy for a day 28 times fired at Sumy region border - 170 explosions were recorded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731053-vorog-za-den-28-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-zafiksuvali-170-vibuhiv.html
During the day, 39 combat clashes took place in 4 directions. Ukrainian defenders repelled all enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/protyagom-doby-na-4-napryamkah-vidbulosya-39-bojovyh-zitknen-ukrayinski-zahysnyky-vidbyly-vsi-ataky-voroga/
Wimbledon-2023. The next rival Tsurenko was determined
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731054-vimbldon2023-viznacilasa-nastupna-supernica-curenko.html
The Armed Forces and Energoatom agreed on the interaction of possible scenarios of events at the ZPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730862-zsu-ta-energoatom-domovilisa-pro-vzaemodiu-sodo-mozlivih-scenariiv-podij-na-zaes.html
The SBU eliminated the illegal service through which the Russians called anonymously in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730856-sbu-likviduvala-nezakonnij-servis-cerez-akij-rosiani-anonimno-telefonuvali-v-ukrainu.html
In Cherkasy with a bribe detained two customs officers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730858-u-cerkasah-z-habarem-zatrimali-dvoh-mitnikiv.html
In Sumy - four hits of enemy drones: there is a dead, 16 wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730859-u-sumah-cotiri-vlucanna-vorozih-droniv-e-zagiblij-16-poranenih.html
Chubarov associates statements about the attempt on Aksenov with Prigogine's rebellion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3730861-cubarov-povazue-zaavi-pro-zamah-na-aksonova-z-buntom-prigozina.html
Ukraine is provided with serum against botulism - MOH
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730867-ukraina-zabezpecena-sirovatkou-proti-botulizmu-moz.html
The Supreme Court confirmed a sentence to the Kiev drug dealer - 10 years behind bars
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3730868-verhovnij-sud-pidtverdiv-virok-kiivskomu-narkotorgovcu-10-rokiv-za-gratami.html
NATO Admiral - About Ukraine Counter -Offset: It's Not just a Walk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730873-admiral-nato-pro-kontrnastup-ukraini-ce-ne-prosto-progulanka.html
The first hundred inhabitants of Kharkiv region were assigned compensations under the Equinal Program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3730874-persim-sta-zitelam-harkivsini-priznacili-kompensacii-za-programou-evidnovlenna.html
In Rivne, a criminal case was opened on a journalist threat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730877-u-rivnomu-vidkrili-kriminalnu-spravu-za-faktom-pogrozi-zurnalistu.html
In Russia there is a whole arsenal of technology tracking online life of citizens-NYT
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730878-u-rosii-e-cilij-arsenal-tehnologij-vidstezenna-onlajnzitta-gromadan-nyt.html
The novice of the Pochaiv Lavra was sentenced to 5 years in prison - justified Russian aggression
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730881-poslusnika-pocaivskoi-lavri-zasudili-do-5-rokiv-vaznici-vipravdovuvav-rosijsku-agresiu.html
In Ukraine, fuel prices have increased after pre -war taxes return
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730882-v-ukraini-zrosli-cini-na-palne-pisla-povernenna-dovoennih-podatkiv.html
3 winged missiles and 8 shock UAVs of Russians were destroyed by the air defense forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/sylamy-ppo-znyshheno-3-krylati-rakety-ta-8-udarnyh-bpla-rosiyan/
The Russians fired the village of Stanislav in Kherson region, three wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730887-rosiani-obstrilali-selo-stanislav-na-hersonsini-troe-poranenih.html
Ignatus commented on the temporary absence of Kiev shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3730888-ignat-prokomentuvav-timcasovu-vidsutnist-obstriliv-kieva.html
Pyatov was offered to become a goalkeeper trainer in Shakhtar after his career
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730889-patovu-zaproponuvali-stati-trenerom-vorotariv-u-sahtari-pisla-zakincenna-kareri.html
Kuleba - About NATO Summit: We are making difficult negotiations to get the maximum result for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731056-kuleba-pro-samit-nato-vedemo-neprosti-peremovini-abi-otrimati-maksimalnij-rezultat-dla-ukraini.html
Reznikov stated that the "absurd conclusions" of the State Audit created problems for the army
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730890-reznikov-zaaviv-so-absurdni-visnovki-derzauditu-stvorili-problemi-dla-armii.html
Hungary asks the EU to continue the exception from sanctions for export of Russian petroleum products
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730892-ugorsina-prosit-es-prodovziti-vinatok-iz-sankcij-na-eksport-rosijskih-naftoproduktiv.html
Newcastle announced the transition of Italian Tonali
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730891-nukasl-ogolosiv-pro-perehid-italijca-tonali.html
Pistorius urged Turkey to allow Sweden to join NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730894-pistorius-zaklikav-tureccinu-dozvoliti-svecii-vstupiti-v-nato.html
Indian companies started paying yuan for Russian oil - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730895-indijski-kompanii-pocali-platiti-uanami-za-rosijsku-naftu-zmi.html
NATO cannot allow Russia to win in Ukraine - Chairman of the Alliance Military Committee
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730898-nato-ne-moze-dozvoliti-rosii-vigrati-v-ukraini-golova-vijskovogo-komitetu-alansu.html
War will not end until Crimea is under occupation - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730904-vijna-ne-zakincitsa-poki-krim-bude-pid-okupacieu-zelenskij.html
The prestigious international rating included 11 Ukrainian universities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730899-do-prestiznogo-miznarodnogo-rejtingu-uvijsli-11-ukrainskih-universitetiv.html
In the South Africa, the minibus collided with a truck, 15 dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730902-u-par-mikroavtobus-zitknuvsa-z-vantazivkou-15-zagiblih.html
There are 18 settlements in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730903-na-hersonsini-pidtoplenimi-zalisautsa-18-naselenih-punktiv.html
Solsky discussed with the Minister of Agriculture of France the work of the Grain Corridor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730906-solskij-obgovoriv-z-ministrom-silskogo-gospodarstva-francii-robotu-zernovogo-koridoru.html
As a result of the war in Ukraine, 1582 cultural infrastructure objects have been damaged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3730908-cerez-vijnu-v-ukraini-poskodzeni-vze-1582-obekti-kulturnoi-infrastrukturi.html
Gorovy believes that films in English with Ukrainian subtitles will destroy cinemas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3730910-gorovij-vvazae-so-pokaz-filmiv-anglijskou-z-ukrainskimi-subtitrami-znisit-kinoteatri.html
The Vinnytsia region was installed by teenagers who beat a man and posted a video on the Internet
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730912-na-vinniccini-vstanovili-osobi-pidlitkiv-aki-pobili-colovika-i-viklali-video-v-internet.html
Japan stands for the softer rules for using artificial intelligence than the EU - Reuters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3730913-aponia-vistupae-za-bils-maki-pravila-vikoristanna-stucnogo-intelektu-niz-es-reuters.html
Saakashvili made an online court and showed in what state he
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730914-saakasvili-vistupiv-u-sudi-onlajn-i-pokazav-v-akomu-vin-stani.html
Threatened to break the leg: in Khmelnytskyi through a scandal will check the employees of the military enlistment office
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730915-pogrozuvav-zlamati-nogu-na-hmelniccini-cerez-skandal-perevirat-pracivnikiv-vijskkomatu.html
The suspect of a bribe as the head of the Ternopil Regional Council returned to work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730918-pidozruvanij-u-vimaganni-habara-golova-ternopilskoi-oblradi-povernuvsa-na-robotu.html
The Russians fired from the tanks deocal Cossack Lopan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730919-rosiani-obstrilali-z-tankiv-deokupovanu-kozacu-lopan.html
Without Ukraine it is impossible to imagine Europe of the future - Ursula von der Liaen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731058-bez-ukraini-nemozlivo-uaviti-evropu-majbutnogo-ursula-fon-der-laen.html
Official of Svyatoshinsk Regional State Administration was removed because of theft during shelter repairs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3730923-cinovnika-svatosinskoi-rda-vidstoronili-cerez-rozkradanna-pri-remonti-ukrittiv.html
Situation on the ZPP remains vulnerable despite connection to the backup line - IAEA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730927-situacia-na-zaes-zalisaetsa-vrazlivou-popri-pidklucenna-do-rezervnoi-linii-magate.html
Determined all the participating countries of the Women's World Handball Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730926-viznacilisa-usi-krainiucasnici-zinocogo-cempionatu-svitu-z-gandbolu.html
Crimean Muslims are held in prison for a long time in prison
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3730930-figurantiv-spravi-krimskih-musulman-utrimuut-u-vaznici-dovse-za-vstanovlenij-termin.html
“Rosatom” finally ceased operations in the Czech Republic
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730932-rosatom-ostatocno-pripiniv-dialnist-u-cehii.html
Sagittarius from Chisinau Airport was a former police officer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730935-strilec-z-aeroportu-kisineva-viavivsa-kolisnim-spivrobitnikom-policii.html
Processing businesses can get grants up to $ 150 thousand under USAID program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730934-pererobni-pidpriemstva-mozut-otrimati-granti-do-150-tisac-za-programou-usaid.html
Fitch has improved the rating of Savings Bank's stability
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730936-fitch-pokrasilo-rejting-stijkosti-osadbanku.html
Alekseev's deputy was chosen by a preventive measure - 60 days in custody
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730940-deputatu-alekseevu-obrali-zapobiznij-zahid-60-dib-pid-vartou.html
Anna Malyar: Last week Ukraine managed to release over 37 square kilometers of territory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/ganna-malyar-za-mynulyj-tyzhden-ukrayini-vdalosya-zvilnyty-ponad-37-kvadratnyh-kilometriv-terytoriyi/
In Kiev, a memorial sign of dead sailors was opened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3730943-u-kievi-vidkrili-pamatnij-znak-zagiblim-morakam.html
The two -day Ukrainian cultural event "Fair.elements" took place in Amsterdam.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3730937-v-amsterdami-vidbuvsa-dvodennij-ukrainskij-kulturnij-zahid-fairelements.html
The mayor of Riga resign
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730945-mer-rigi-podae-u-vidstavku.html
A lawyer explained who left the right to defer from mobilization
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730946-uristka-poasnila-u-kogo-zalisilosa-pravo-na-vidstrocku-vid-mobilizacii.html
Lower Lavra Corps, which previously rented the UOC -MP, will check and seal July 4 - MKIP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3730947-korpusi-niznoi-lavri-aki-ranise-orenduvala-upc-mp-perevirat-i-opecataut-4-lipna-mkip.html
In the Kherson region, a gang was detained, which gave "volunteers" and was engaged in robbery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730949-na-hersonsini-zatrimali-bandu-aka-vdavala-dobrovolciv-i-zajmalas-rozboem.html
Georgia's Foreign Ministry called a Ukrainian diplomat because of sanctions against Georgian Airways
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730952-do-mzs-gruzii-viklikali-ukrainskogo-diplomata-cerez-sankcii-proti-georgian-airways.html
Ukraine and Denmark have determined the priorities of the restoration of the Nikolaev area
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3730957-ukraina-i-dania-viznacili-prioriteti-vidnovlenna-mikolaivskoi-oblasti.html
In Lithuania, international training forces of special operations start
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730956-u-litvi-startuut-miznarodni-navcanna-sil-specoperacij.html
In Sumy, the number of Russian drones killed from the attack increased to two
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730961-u-sumah-kilkist-zagiblih-vid-ataki-rosijskih-bezpilotnikiv-zrosla-do-dvoh.html
The grandson of actor de Niro died at 19
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3730960-onuk-aktora-de-niro-pomer-u-19-rokiv.html
Russia has received a warning and invents a new plan on the ZPP - Kuleba
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731059-rosia-otrimala-poperedzenna-i-vigadue-novij-plan-sodo-zaes-kuleba.html
In the Armed Forces stated readiness to implement initiatives in the NSDC decision to accelerate judicial reform
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730965-u-vs-zaavili-pro-gotovnist-realizuvati-iniciativi-u-risenni-rnbo-pro-priskorenna-sudovoi-reformi.html
In Izium, the explosive was detonated in a man in his hands
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730968-v-izumi-vibuhivka-zdetonuvala-u-colovika-v-rukah.html
Medical Cannabis: The Ministry of Health expects the bill
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730967-medicnij-kanabis-moz-ocikue-so-zakonoproekt-nezabarom-bude-na-golosuvanni-v-radi.html
In the deocal Kherson region, people return to survey the submerged housing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730970-na-deokupovanij-hersonsini-ludi-povertautsa-dla-obstezenna-pidtoplenogo-zitla.html
The government held a meeting on preparation for the autumn and winter season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730972-v-uradi-proveli-naradu-sodo-pidgotovki-do-osinnozimovogo-sezonu.html
Ukraine has received another $ 890 million from the IMF - the Ministry of Finance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730975-ukraina-otrimala-se-890-miljoniv-vid-mvf-minfin.html
Pension: Continuation of Ukraine Support is important for the safety of all NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730976-pens-prodovzenna-pidtrimki-ukraini-vazlive-dla-bezpeki-vsogo-nato.html
Switzerland will provide Ukraine with € 5.6 million for school repairs and arrangement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3730977-svejcaria-nadast-ukraini-56-miljona-na-remont-ta-oblastuvanna-skil.html
The "Word House" movie will be shown in Warsaw
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3730979-film-budinok-slovo-pokazut-u-varsavi.html
Ukraine will receive dozens of LEOPARD 1 tanks in the next weeks - Pistorius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730980-najblizcimi-tiznami-ukraina-otrimae-desatki-tankiv-leopard-1-pistorius.html
Let Scholt speak with Putin if he considers the needed conversation with Satan - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730983-nehaj-solc-govorit-z-putinim-akso-vvazae-potribnou-rozmovu-z-satanou-danilov.html
The victory of Ukraine in the war with the Russian Federation will restrain the military ambitions of China - Pens
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730981-peremoga-ukraini-u-vijni-z-rf-strimuvatime-vijskovi-ambicii-kitau-pens.html
Evacuation or additional measures will be carried out in the zone of a possible terrorist attack
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730984-u-zoni-mozlivogo-teraktu-na-zaes-bude-provoditisa-evakuacia-abo-dodatkovi-zahodi-lasko.html
Sholtz and Zelensky discussed the situation in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730996-solc-i-zelenskij-obgovorili-situaciu-v-ukraini.html
Repair of tanks for Ukraine: Pistorius gave 10 days to resolve the issue with the center in Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730989-remont-tankiv-dla-ukraini-pistorius-dav-10-dniv-na-virisenna-pitanna-z-centrom-u-polsi.html
More than 1.3 million hectares of forest have already burned in Russia this year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730991-u-rosii-cogoric-zgorilo-vze-ponad-13-miljona-gektariv-lisu.html
The Russians fired at Kinddka village in Kherson region, there are wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730995-rosiani-obstrilali-selise-kindijka-na-hersonsini-e-poraneni.html
Under Moscow burning warehouses of the former furniture plant
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731060-pid-moskvou-gorat-skladi-kolisnogo-meblevogo-kombinatu.html
The enemy fired at Nikopol from the barrel artillery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730998-vorog-obstrilav-nikopol-zi-stvolnoi-artilerii.html
There are heavy fights in the east - a day over 30 fighting collisions in four directions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730999-na-shodi-jdut-vazki-boi-za-dobu-ponad-30-bojovih-zitknen-na-cotiroh-napramkah.html
Tsurenko overcame the first circle of Wimbledon-2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731000-curenko-podolala-perse-kolo-vimbldonu2023.html
Sumy still extinguished fire - at the scene rescued four victims
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731004-udar-po-sumah-ratuvalniki-viavlaut-prihovani-oseredki-gorinna.html
Finnish companies traded with Russia for billions of euros during the war in Ukraine - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731005-finski-kompanii-torguvali-z-rosieu-na-milardi-evro-pid-cas-vijni-v-ukraini-zmi.html
Zelensky instructed to call Georgia's ambassador to the Foreign Ministry and to protest because of Saakashvili's state
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731009-zelenskij-doruciv-viklikati-posla-gruzii-do-mzs-i-visloviti-protest-cerez-stan-saakasvili.html
It is possible to protect Europe from aggression only with Ukraine in NATO - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731042-ubezpeciti-evropu-vid-agresii-mozna-lise-z-ukrainou-v-nato-zelenskij.html
Alexei Danilov discussed with Lithuanian Defense Minister strengthening Ukraine's support
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/oleksij-danilov-obgovoryv-z-ministrom-oborony-lytvy-posylennya-pidtrymky-ukrayiny/
Sumy declared mourning after attack by hostile drones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731006-u-sumah-ogolosili-zalobu-pisla-ataki-vorozimi-dronami.html
About 180,000 Russian soldiers are concentrated in the east of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731011-na-shodi-ukraini-zoseredzeni-blizko-180-tisac-rosijskih-soldativ-cerevatij.html
Bindle lost to the US-OEN finalist at the start of the Wimbledon tournament-2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731012-bajndl-prograla-finalistci-usopen-na-starti-vimbldonskogo-turniru2023.html
Defense forces with battles move on the southern flank in the area of the mite - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731014-sili-oboroni-z-boami-prosuvautsa-na-pivdennomu-flanzi-v-rajoni-klisiivki-malar.html
The General Staff specified: During the Russian air defense attack, he destroyed 14 "Shahamed" out of 20
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731016-genstab-utocniv-pid-cas-rosijskoi-ataki-ppo-znisila-14-sahediv-iz-20.html
Kwasnevsky - about Putin's doubles: nothing can be excluded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731019-kvasnevskij-pro-dvijnikiv-putina-nicogo-ne-mozna-viklucati.html
Evacuation from the defeat zone in case of terrorist attacks at the ZPP will be free
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731021-evakuacia-iz-zoni-urazenna-v-razi-teraktu-na-zaes-bude-bezkostovnou.html
Armed Forces in a month can half the artillery potential of Russians - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731022-zsu-za-misac-mozut-napolovinu-skorotiti-artilerijskij-potencial-rosian-ekspert.html
Ukraine for tomorrow predict heat up to +31 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730871-ukraini-na-zavtra-prognozuut-speku-do-31.html
Double murder at Chisinau Airport: Sagittarius died
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731061-podvijne-vbivstvo-v-aeroportu-kisineva-strilec-pomer.html
Russian troops fired at Sumy and Chernihiv during the day - 76 hits
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731025-rosijski-vijska-uprodovz-dna-obstriluvali-sumsinu-ta-cernigivsinu-76-vlucan.html
Ukrainian air defense should become the basis of Europe's air shield - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731029-ukrainska-ppo-mae-stati-osnovou-povitranogo-sita-evropi-zelenskij.html
The warriors of anti -aircraft missile troops have shot down more than three thousand targets of Russians - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731030-voini-zenitnih-raketnih-vijsk-zbili-vze-ponad-tri-tisaci-cilej-rosian-zelenskij.html
The International Center in the Hague is the first effective step to the tribunal over Putin - human rights activists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731031-miznarodnij-centr-u-gaazi-e-persim-dievim-krokom-do-tribunalu-nad-putinim-pravozahisniki.html
"Drone Army" in a week destroyed 75 units of hostile equipment - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731034-armia-droniv-za-tizden-znisila-75-odinic-vorozoi-tehniki-fedorov.html
Svitolina went out to the second circle of Wimbledon, beating the five -time Williams champion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731037-svitolina-vijsla-do-drugogo-kola-vimbldona-obigravsi-parazovu-cempionku-vilams.html
It is possible to protect Europe from aggression only with Ukraine in NATO - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731042-ubezpeciti-evropu-vid-agresii-mozna-lise-z-ukrainou-v-nato-zelenskij.html
Alekseev's deputy's lawyers will appeal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731038-advokati-deputata-alekseeva-podavatimut-apelaciu.html
Zelensky thanked everyone who is now in battle, in combat posts and positions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731039-zelenskij-podakuvav-usim-hto-zaraz-u-bou-na-bojovih-postah-i-poziciah.html
In Mariupol, the school is burning - the mayor advisor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731043-u-mariupoli-gorit-skola-16-radnik-mera.html
Thousands of people have been protested at the Israeli airport through judicial reform - are detained
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731044-v-aeroportu-izrailu-tisaci-ludej-protestuvali-cerez-sudovu-reformu-e-zatrimani.html
Social networks about the deaths
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3730719-socmerezi-pro-zagibel-viki-amelinoi-mi-vsi-zaraz-svidki-novogo-sandarmoha.html
The Armed Forces are faced daily with a rigid duel - Anna Painter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/zsu-shhodenno-stykayutsya-iz-zhorstkym-dvoboyem-ganna-malyar/
NATO tomorrow can continue the authority of Stoltenberg - diplomats
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731047-nato-zavtra-moze-prodovziti-povnovazenna-stoltenberga-diplomati.html
Tankovsky strengthened "Polissya" in midfield
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731048-tankovskij-pidsiliv-polissa-u-pivzahisti.html
Money from the sale of Amelin's book "November Syndrome" will go to the organization of the literary festival
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3731050-grosi-z-prodazu-knigi-amelinoi-sindrom-listopadu-pidut-na-organizaciu-literaturnogo-festivalu.html
Georgia's ambassador to Ukraine will be called to the Foreign Ministry tomorrow, the diplomat will return to Tbilisi - Kuleba
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731051-posla-gruzii-v-ukraini-zavtra-viklicut-do-mzs-diplomat-povernetsa-u-tbilisi-kuleba.html
Chaliy said when they can make key decisions on Ukraine's accession to NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731052-calij-skazav-koli-mozut-prijnati-klucovi-risenna-sodo-vstupu-ukraini-do-nato.html
The enemy for a day 28 times fired at Sumy region border - 170 explosions were recorded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731053-vorog-za-den-28-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-zafiksuvali-170-vibuhiv.html
Wimbledon-2023. The next rival Tsurenko was determined
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731054-vimbldon2023-viznacilasa-nastupna-supernica-curenko.html
Kuleba - About NATO Summit: We are making difficult negotiations to get the maximum result for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731056-kuleba-pro-samit-nato-vedemo-neprosti-peremovini-abi-otrimati-maksimalnij-rezultat-dla-ukraini.html
Without Ukraine it is impossible to imagine Europe of the future - Ursula von der Liaen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731058-bez-ukraini-nemozlivo-uaviti-evropu-majbutnogo-ursula-fon-der-laen.html
Russia has received a warning and invents a new plan on the ZPP - Kuleba
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731059-rosia-otrimala-poperedzenna-i-vigadue-novij-plan-sodo-zaes-kuleba.html
Under Moscow burning warehouses of the former furniture plant
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731060-pid-moskvou-gorat-skladi-kolisnogo-meblevogo-kombinatu.html
Double murder at Chisinau Airport: Sagittarius died
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731061-podvijne-vbivstvo-v-aeroportu-kisineva-strilec-pomer.html
Defense forces last week took prisoners of 44 Russian military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/syly-oborony-mynulogo-tyzhnya-vzyaly-v-polon-44-rosijskyh-vijskovyh/
Energoatom: There is a slight decrease in water levels in the cooler rate
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/energoatom-na-zaes-sposterigayetsya-neznachne-znyzhennya-rivnya-vody-u-stavku-oholodzhuvachi/
Pyrotechnics neutralized 32 explosive objects in the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/pirotehniky-zneshkodyly-32-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmety-za-mynulu-dobu/
That will forever enter the history of the Navy of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/shho-nazavzhdy-uvijde-do-istoriyi-vms-zsu/
Alekseev's deputy's lawyers will appeal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731038-advokati-deputata-alekseeva-podavatimut-apelaciu.html
Anna Malyar congratulated the warriors of anti -aircraft missile troops on a professional holiday
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/ganna-malyar-pryvitala-voyiniv-zenitnyh-raketnyh-vijsk-z-profesijnym-svyatom/
"For Courage and Courage": President of Ukraine noted the Maritime Aviation Brigade of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/za-muzhnist-ta-vidvagu-prezydent-ukrayiny-vidznachyv-10-u-morsku-aviaczijnu-brygadu-vijskovo-morskyh-syl-zsu/
US President Joe Biden will arrive at NATO Summit in Vilnius
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/prezydent-ssha-dzho-bajden-prybude-na-samit-nato-u-vilnyusi/
Anna Malyar: To hold "elections" the occupiers are in a hurry to complete police units
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/dlya-provedennya-vyboriv-okupanty-pospihom-komplektuyut-policzejski-pidrozdily-ganna-malyar/
Will judge the Russian commander and his subordinates who were tortured by civilians in Kherson
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/sudytymut-rosijskogo-komandyra-ta-jogo-pidleglyh-yaki-katuvaly-czyvilnyh-u-hersoni/
Zelensky thanked everyone who is now in battle, in combat posts and positions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731039-zelenskij-podakuvav-usim-hto-zaraz-u-bou-na-bojovih-postah-i-poziciah.html
The Russian agent was detained, who prepared the blasting of the railway in Cherkasy region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/zatrymano-agenta-rf-yakyj-gotuvav-pidryv-zaliznyczi-na-cherkashhyni/
The coordination headquarters discussed with the relatives of the Marines rehabilitation released from captivity of defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-obgovoryly-z-rodychamy-morpihiv-reabilitacziyu-zvilnenyh-z-polonu-zahysnykiv/
In the Black Sea, Russia holds two rocket launchers with 16 "caliber"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/u-chornomu-mori-rosiya-trymaye-dva-raketonosiyi-iz-16-kalibramy/
Morps from Javelina knocked down the Russian "alligator"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/morpihy-iz-dzhavelina-zbyly-rosijskyj-aligator/
13 victims from the occupiers of medical institutions will be rebuilt from the state budget subsidies
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/13-medzakladiv-postrazhdalyh-vid-okupantiv-vidbuduyut-koshtom-subvencziyi-z-derzhbyudzhetu/
Ukrainian "gods of war" turned into scrap field composition from BC Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/ukrayinski-bogy-vijny-peretvoryly-v-bruht-polovyj-sklad-z-bk-rosiyan/
In Mariupol, the school is burning - the mayor advisor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731043-u-mariupoli-gorit-skola-16-radnik-mera.html
If we had already used the F-16 instead of MiG-29, the efficiency would be at times higher-Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/yakby-zamist-mig-29-my-uzhe-vykorystovuvaly-f-16-efektyvnist-bula-b-u-razy-vyshha-yurij-ignat/
The Ukrainian Bakhmut flag will be lifted in Vilnius at NATO summit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/ukrayinskyj-prapor-z-bahmuta-pidnimut-u-vilnyusi-na-samiti-nato/
The Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces visited the Rivne NPP - processed scripts for possible events for ZPP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/golovnokomanduvach-zsu-vidvidav-rivnensku-aes-opraczovuvav-sczenariyi-na-mozhlyvi-podiyi-na-zaes/
Latvia continued temporary protection for Ukrainians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/latviya-prodovzhyla-tymchasovyj-zahyst-dlya-ukrayinskyh-shukachiv-prytulku/
We have success: Volodymyr Zelenskyy showed footage from the front
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/mynulyj-tyzhden-na-fronti-buv-vazhkyj-ale-my-mayemo-uspihy-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Minireintegration has published advice on how to protect yourself in case of high levels of radiation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/minreintegracziyi-opublikuvalo-porady-yak-zahystyty-sebe-u-vypadku-pidvyshhenogo-rivnya-radiacziyi/
Will judge the Russian agent: reported the enemy about the location of the Armed Forces aircraft
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/sudytymut-rosijskogo-agenta-povidomlyav-vorogu-pro-roztashuvannya-litakiv-zsu/
More than 230 thousand invaders have been destroyed by Ukrainian defenders since the beginning of large -scale aggression of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/ponad-230-tysyach-okupantiv-znyshhyly-ukrayinski-zahysnyky-z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-agresiyi-rf/
International Center for Investigation of Russia's Crimes against Ukraine began work in Hague
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/mizhnarodnyj-czentr-rozsliduvannya-zlochyniv-rosiyi-proty-ukrayiny-rozpochav-robotu-v-gaazi/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-2/
Thousands of people have been protested at the Israeli airport through judicial reform - are detained
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731044-v-aeroportu-izrailu-tisaci-ludej-protestuvali-cerez-sudovu-reformu-e-zatrimani.html
There will be more than 155 mm of Bogdan's SAU in Ukraine-Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/v-ukrayini-bude-bilshe-155-mm-sau-bogdana-oleksij-reznikov/
We continue the counter -battery struggle - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/prodovzhuyemo-kontrbatarejnu-borotbu-nataliya-gumenyuk/
In the Tavriysk direction, the Ukrainian military destroyed 12 Russian warehouses with ammunition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-ukrayinski-vijskovi-znyshhyly-12-rosijskyh-skladiv-z-boyeprypasamy/
Alexei Reznikov on the day of anti -aircraft missile troops: hundreds of knocked out enemy aircraft, thousands of destroyed UAVs and missiles - work of guard sky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/oleksij-reznikov-u-den-zenitnyh-raketnyh-vijsk-sotni-zbytyh-vorozhyh-litakiv-tysyachi-znyshhenyh-bpla-ta-raket-robota-vartovyh-neba/
Chernihiv military patrols
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/vijskovi-patruli-chernigivshhyny-vidnyni-ozbroyeni-bodikameramy/
Anti -aircraft missile troops confidently dominate the Ukrainian airspace - Sergey Naev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/zenitni-raketni-vijska-vpevneno-dominuyut-v-ukrayinskomu-povitryanomu-prostori-sergij-nayev/
For the first time in four months, the ZPP was connected to the power line - IAEA
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/vpershe-za-chotyry-misyaczi-zaes-pidklyuchyly-do-rezervnoyi-liniyi-elektroperedach-magate/
Head of State: Thank you to the warriors of anti -aircraft missile troops for every affected target, for every saved life
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/dyakuyu-voyinam-zenitnyh-raketnyh-vijsk-za-kozhnu-vrazhenu-czil-za-kozhne-vryatovane-zhyttya-glava-derzhavy/
Since the beginning of the Russian invasion of enemy attacks on civilians, at least 20 children have been killed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/z-pochatku-rosijskogo-vtorgnennya-vid-atak-voroga-po-czyvilnyh-obyektah-zagynulo-shhonajmenshe-20-ditej/
Military Crimes of Russia: More than 96 thousand cases have been recorded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/voyenni-zlochyny-rosiyi-zafiksovano-ponad-96-tysyach-vypadkiv/
Residents of three regions can master new specialties for free
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/meshkanczi-troh-regioniv-mozhut-bezoplatno-opanuvaty-novi-speczialnosti/
Social networks about the deaths
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3730719-socmerezi-pro-zagibel-viki-amelinoi-mi-vsi-zaraz-svidki-novogo-sandarmoha.html
Up to 9 years in prison was convicted of a military Russian, who robbed the civilian population of Kyiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/do-9-rokiv-uvyaznennya-zasudzheno-vijskovogo-rf-yakyj-grabuvav-czyvilne-naselennya-kyyivshhyny/
During the day, the Russians fired 10 regions of Ukraine: there are 87 infrastructure sites
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/za-dobu-rosiyany-obstrilyaly-desyat-oblastej-ukrayiny-ye-vluchannya-u-87-obyektiv-infrastruktury/
The Netherlands support Ukraine in the development of veteran policy and safety
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/niderlandy-pidtrymuyut-ukrayinu-v-rozbudovi-veteranskoyi-polityky-ta-bezpeky/
In the Ministry of Social Policy, they told where and how to get cash to the victims of the Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power Plant
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/u-minsoczpolityky-rozpovily-de-otrymaty-groshovu-dopomogu-postrazhdalym-vid-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
19 ammunition warehouses and 7 enemy team points were destroyed in a week
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/za-tyzhden-znyshheno-19-skladiv-boyeprypasiv-ta-7-komandnyh-punktiv-protyvnyka-ganna-malyar/
To return the bodies of the dead defenders to the de -industry territories go search groups
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/dlya-povernennya-til-zagyblyh-zahysnykiv-na-deokupovani-terytoriyi-vidpravlyayutsya-poshukovi-grupy/
Two people died as a result of the attack of Russian drones on amounts
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/dvoye-lyudej-zagynulo-vnaslidok-ataky-rosijskyh-bezpilotnykiv-na-sumy/
The enemy struck the central part of Sumy, the rescue operation continues
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/vorog-zavdav-udaru-po-czentralnij-chastyni-sum-tryvaye-ryatuvalna-operacziya/
There are heavy fights in four destinations, more than 30 combat clashes occurred
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/na-chotyroh-napryamkah-tryvayut-vazhki-boyi-vidbulos-ponad-30-bojovyh-zitknen/
A photo exhibition dedicated to the Armed Forces of Ukraine was opened in the capital
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/u-stolyczi-vidkryly-fotovystavku-prysvyachenu-zbrojnym-sylam-ukrayiny/
In the Bakhmut direction, new sniper rifles and sights were handed over to fighters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-bijczyam-derzhspecztranssluzhby-peredaly-novi-snajperski-gvyntivky-ta-pryczily/
Defense forces in a week destroyed nearly 8 battalions, 21 tanks and 137 enemy artsystems
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/syly-oborony-za-tyzhden-znyshhyly-majzhe-8-bataljoniv-21-tank-ta-137-vorozhyh-artsystem/
The enemy has caused 44 air strikes on the positions of our troops and settlements
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/protyvnyk-zavdav-44-aviaudary-po-pozycziyam-nashyh-vijsk-ta-naselenyh-punktah/
In Kiev, a memorial sign of the fallen soldiers of the Navy of the Armed Forces of Ukraine was opened
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/u-kyyevi-vidkryly-pamyatnyj-znak-zagyblym-voyinam-vms-zs-ukrayiny/
In the Bakhmut direction, the situation was aggravated again - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-obstanovka-znovu-zagostrylas-ganna-malyar/
Dmytro Kuleba discussed with the Foreign Minister of France Ukraine's accession to NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/dmytro-kuleba-obgovoryv-z-glavoyu-mzs-francziyi-vstup-ukrayiny-do-nato/
Fabris Pokie: The Summit in Wales was the first to view its main mission in Europe
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/fabris-potye-samit-v-uelsi-buv-pershym-de-nato-rozglyadalo-svoyu-osnovnu-misiyu-v-yevropi/
Preparation for the first set of cadets in the specialty "Social work in the troops (forces)" is ongoing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/tryvaye-pidgotovka-do-pershogo-naboru-kursantiv-za-fahom-soczialna-robota-u-vijskah-sylah/
We will do everything possible and impossible to make our air defense the strongest - the Presidential of Ukraine's appeal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/my-zrobymo-vse-mozhlyve-j-nemozhlyve-shhob-nasha-ppo-stala-najsylnishoyu-zvernennya-prezydenta-ukrayiny/
Our aviation has made 14 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/nasha-aviacziya-zavdala-14-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
There even the commander refuses to execute orders - Gur intercepting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/tam-navit-czej-komandyr-vidmovlyayetsya-vykonuvaty-nakazy-gur-perehoplennya/
NATO tomorrow can continue the authority of Stoltenberg - diplomats
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731047-nato-zavtra-moze-prodovziti-povnovazenna-stoltenberga-diplomati.html
At the Taras Sich Field Kitchen Festival, Vinnitsa residents collected over 100 thousand hryvnias for the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/na-festyvali-polovoyi-kuhni-pamyati-tarasa-sycha-vinnychany-zibraly-ponad-100-tysyach-gryven-dlya-zsu/
In Belarus the movement of units of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation for participation in hostilities in the territory of Ukraine was recorded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/u-bilorusi-zafiksovano-peremishhennya-pidrozdiliv-zs-rf-dlya-uchasti-u-bojovyh-diyah-na-terytoriyi-ukrayiny/
The reception of questionnaires to the reserve of employees of state bodies for work in deocal territories has been started
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/rozpochato-pryjom-anket-do-rezervu-praczivnykiv-derzhavnyh-organiv-dlya-roboty-na-deokupovanyh-terytoriyah/
The enemy tries to step on Limano-buy ’ Jan's direction-Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/vorog-namagayetsya-nastupaty-na-lymano-kupyanskomu-napryamku-sergij-cherevatyj/
Power develops an algorithm of action in the event of evacuation of the population from the territories near the ZEP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/vlada-rozroblyaye-algorytm-dij-u-razi-evakuacziyi-naselennya-iz-terytorij-poblyzu-zaes/
Exclusive interview with Brussels: the European Commissioner of Justice told how to condemn the military criminals of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/didye-rejnerds-ratyfikacziya-rymskogo-statutu-ukrayinoyu-dopomozhe-v-zasudzhenni-zlochyniv-rosiyan/
"Irki-laboratoryers man, hiding, did not go, says: on x..p"-intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/irky-laborantky-cholovik-hovayetsya-ne-pishov-kazhe-na-h-r-perehoplennya-gur/
The occupiers fired 9 communities in Sumy region, 5 people were killed, 20 were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/okupanty-obstrilyaly-9-gromad-na-sumshhyni-5-lyudej-zagynuly-20-distaly-poranennya/
Denis Skizzhny: “The Ukrainian air defense has strengthened significantly. It is an achievement of both Western weapons and our people ”
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/denys-smazhnyj-ukrayinska-ppo-suttyevo-zmicznila-cze-dosyagnennya-yak-zahidnogo-ozbroyennya-tak-i-nashyh-lyudej/
Short. War. Day 495. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/korotko-vijna-den-495-videodajdzhest/
Tankovsky strengthened "Polissya" in midfield
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731048-tankovskij-pidsiliv-polissa-u-pivzahisti.html
The Armed Forces told how the military uses Delta platform
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731063-u-zsu-rozpovili-ak-vijskovi-vikoristovuut-platformu-delta.html
Publications in the media about the "slow counter -offensive" do not affect the help of Ukraine - the Foreign Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731062-publikacii-u-zmi-pro-povilnij-kontrnastup-ne-vplivaut-na-dopomogu-ukraini-mzs.html
Publications in the media about the "slow counter -offensive" do not affect the help of Ukraine - the Foreign Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731062-publikacii-u-zmi-pro-povilnij-kontrnastup-ne-vplivaut-na-dopomogu-ukraini-mzs.html
The Armed Forces told how the military uses Delta platform
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731063-u-zsu-rozpovili-ak-vijskovi-vikoristovuut-platformu-delta.html
乌克兰的法国执法人员接管了调查针对儿童的军事犯罪的经验
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ukrayinski-pravoohoronczi-u-francziyi-perejmaly-dosvid-rozsliduvannya-voyennyh-zlochyniv-stosovno-ditej/
Ukrainian law enforcement officers in France have taken over the experience of investigating military crimes against children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ukrayinski-pravoohoronczi-u-francziyi-perejmaly-dosvid-rozsliduvannya-voyennyh-zlochyniv-stosovno-ditej/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====