乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-21

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

General Staff of armed forces of Ukraine estimates Russian losses at 221460
https://t.me/GeneralStaffZSU/8383
Ukrainian air defense shot down 32 of 35 Shahed drones launched by Russia overnight
https://t.me/kpszsu/2672
3 drones strike critical infrastructure object in Lviv
https://t.me/channel24_ua/93142
Ukrainian military attempting to advance at Novodarivka - Pryutne, Makarivka-Rivnopil and Nov...
https://t.me/info_zp/38695
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Orlivka, Avdiivka, Karlovka, Pervomaisko, Neels ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5139
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5143
1 person killed as result of shelling in Kherson
https://twitter.com/_kava24_02_22/status/1671086901023866880
Woman of Ukrainian origin was detained in Saransk and charged with espionage on behalf of Ukr...
https://t.me/rian_ru/206293
Explosion was reported near Berdyansk
https://t.me/info_zp/38714
President of the  @EU_Commission: We propose a facility for Ukraine for the next 4 years of ...
https://twitter.com/vonderleyen/status/1671118464671514626
A gunpowder factory is on fire in the city of Kotovsk, Tambov Region. According to the latest...
https://t.me/rusbrief/127835
US on Wednesday will announce a robust economic assistance plan for Ukraine, says Secretary o...
https://twitter.com/W7VOA/status/1671138270837723137
1 EMERCOM rescuer killed, 8 wounded as result of Russian shelling in Kherson today
https://t.me/ermaka2022/2985
According to chief of Ukrainian intelligence Russian troops planted bombs at the cooling pond...
https://t.me/suspilnenews/21860
Ukraine was able to take three Ukrainian prisoners of war out of Hungary
https://t.me/OdessaDumskayaNet/57772
New round of explosions in Kherson
https://t.me/suspilnekherson/28115
It is quite difficult for our defenders to move, because the enemy threw all the strength to stop the offensive - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/nashym-oboronczyam-dovoli-skladno-prosuvatys-adzhe-vorog-kynuv-usi-syly-shhob-zupynyty-nastup-ganna-malyar/
Japan will help Ukraine with the restoration of affected territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/yaponiya-dopomozhe-ukrayini-z-vidnovlennyam-postrazhdalyh-terytorij/
The world supports Ukraine: US and EU politicians' statements
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/svit-pidtrymuye-ukrayinu-zayavy-politykiv-ssha-ta-yes/
The occupier tells his mother about drunkenness among Russian soldiers and fears about the possible offensive of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/okupant-rozpovidaye-materi-pro-pyyacztvo-sered-soldati-rf-ta-poboyuvannya-shhodo-mozhlyvogo-nastupu-zsu/
Every second hryvnia from the state budget in 2023 is directed to defense - Roxolana Podlas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/kozhna-druga-gryvnya-z-derzhavnogo-byudzhetu-u-2023-spryamovuyetsya-na-oboronu-roksolana-pidlasa/
Destroyed Russian Mur-M Station and 6 enemy armored vehicles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/znyshheno-rosijsku-stancziyu-murom-m-i-6-odynycz-bronetehniky-protyvnyka/
In Mariinsky, our defenders reflected all the attacks of the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/na-maryinskomu-napryamku-nashi-zahysnyky-vidbyly-usi-ataky-protyvnyka/
Defense forces eliminated more than 1000 invaders, destroyed 23 artsystems and 15 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/syly-oborony-likviduvaly-ponad-1000-okupantiv-znyshhyly-23-artsystem-i-15-bbm/
Every day artillery ammunition and armored vehicles come to Ukraine - Dmytro Kuleba
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/shhodnya-artylerijski-boyeprypasy-i-bronetehnika-prybuvayut-v-ukrayinu-dmytro-kuleba/
Cyberatics on Ukr.net: Malimists send phishing letters on behalf of technical support
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/kiberataka-na-ukr-net-zlovmysnyky-nadsylayut-fishyngovi-lysty-vid-imeni-tehpidtrymky/
Denmark approved another military assistance package to Ukraine for 2.95 billion euros
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/daniya-shvalyla-chergovyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-ukrayini-na-295-milyardiv-yevro/
Requirement of the United Kingdom: Billions of Abramovich to help Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/vymoga-spoluchenogo-korolivstva-milyardy-abramovycha-skeruvaty-na-dopomogu-ukrayini/
Aviation of Defense Forces made 15 beats in the areas of focus of enemy personnel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-15-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-osobovogo-skladu-protyvnyka-2/
At night the air defense forces destroyed 32 of 35 shock drones Shahd-136/131
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/vnochi-syly-ppo-znyshhyly-32-iz-35-udarnyh-droniv-shahed-136-131/
During the day, the enemy has caused more than 70 air strikes and made 36 shelling of the RSZV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/protyagom-doby-vorog-zavdav-ponad-70-aviaudariv-i-zdijsnyv-36-obstriliv-z-rszv/
"Built-in, strengthened Ukraine is the protection against any forms of Russian terror"-Vladimir Zelensky's appeal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/20/vidbudovana-zmicznena-ukrayina-cze-zahyshhenist-vid-bud-yakyh-form-rosijskogo-teroru-zvernennya-prezydenta-volodymyra-zelenskogo/
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Marinka Andes Vesda O ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5149
Kuleba discussed with Danish colleague the aviation coalition and the formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725957-kuleba-obgovoriv-iz-danskim-kolegou-aviacijnu-koaliciu-ta-formulu-miru.html
The United Kingdom is ready to invest in the Ukrainian energy sector
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725956-velika-britania-gotova-investuvati-v-ukrainskij-energosektor.html
At Shakhtarsk Directive Russian Army walked Nostra, Paraskoveevka, Novomikhailivka of the Don ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5150
In the capital conducted training in case of emergency at the Kiev hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3725955-u-stolici-proveli-trenuvanna-na-vipadok-nadzvicajnoi-situacii-na-kiivskij-ges.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Blahodatne, Neskuchne, Makarivka,...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5151
Police showed the consequences of a massive rocket stroke in Zaporozhye
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725873-policia-pokazala-naslidki-masovanogo-raketnogo-udaru-po-zaporizzu.html
Gas exploded in Paris - several buildings lit up, 16 people were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725982-u-parizi-vibuhnuv-gaz-zagorilisa-kilka-budivel.html
Near the Canary Islands overturned the boat with migrants - nearly 40 dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726007-bila-kanarskih-ostroviv-perekinuvsa-coven-z-migrantami-majze-40-zagiblih.html
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Fyholivka, Dvorichna, Zapadne, Kyslivka and Berest...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5145
Spain will send Nasams to protect NATO's summit in Vilnius - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725715-ispania-vidpravit-nasams-dla-zahistu-samitu-nato-u-vilnusi-zmi.html
In the Kherson region, 19 collaborators were suspected at once
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726006-na-hersonsini-ogolosili-pidozru-odrazu-19-kolaborantam.html
In Ukraine tomorrow is forecast to +29 °, in most areas - rains and thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725925-v-ukraini-zavtra-prognozuut-do-29-u-bilsosti-oblastej-dosi-ta-grozi.html
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Bogdanivka, Kalinivka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5147
Austria will make a valuable contribution to Ukraine's demining - Kuleba
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725984-avstria-zrobit-cinnij-vnesok-u-rozminuvanna-ukraini-kuleba.html
At Avdiyivka direction Russian army shelled Pervomayske and Nevelske of Donetsk region. Russi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5148
6 Shahed drones were shot down overnight
https://t.me/kpszsu/2712
The Defense Forces of Ukraine continue to conduct an offensive operation in the Melitopol and...
https://t.me/info_zp/38751
The railway was damaged by an explosion near Feodosia in the occupied Crimea, the occupation ...
https://t.me/tass_agency/197314
Blackouts in several districts in Kyiv due in malfunction of power grid
https://t.me/kyivoperativ/125044
Security Service of Ukraine detained an FSB agent who was preparing new attacks by the Russia...
https://twitter.com/ServiceSsu/status/1671413074962665473
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanshchyna directions Russian army shelled Halahanivka, Karpovych o...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5144
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Stelmakhivka, Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region a...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5146
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5152
Blinken: We will support the repair of damaged power grids in Ukraine
https://twitter.com/SkyNewsArabia_B/status/1671442399803916296
Blast occurs at Romania's black sea petromidia refinery, emergency response unit says - Reuters
https://twitter.com/Faytuks/status/1671499918064730113
Dnipro returns to the channel in which it was 70 years ago
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726010-dnipro-povertaetsa-v-ruslo-v-akomu-vin-buv-70-rokiv-tomu.html
CPD reports manipulations widespread in the world media
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/czpd-povidomlyaye-pro-manipulyacziyi-poshyreni-za-dobu-svitovymy-zmi/
Britain is ready to support the simplified procedure of Ukraine's accession to NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726021-britania-gotova-pidtrimati-sprosenu-proceduru-vstupu-ukraini-do-nato.html
Defense Minister Yoav Gallant spoke with his Ukrainian counterpart, Oleksii Reznikov, his off...
https://twitter.com/manniefabian/status/1671514181168685056
Zelenska in Israel visited the Cultural Center of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725674-zelenska-v-izraili-vidvidala-kulturnij-centr-ukraini.html
The State Department advised African countries not to trust Putin's "peaceful intentions"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726022-derzdep-poradiv-afrikanskim-krainam-ne-dovirati-mirnim-namiram-putina.html
The General Staff of the Armed Forces posted a video of destruction of the "stugna" of the Russian tank
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/genshtab-zsu-rozmistyv-video-znyshhennya-stugnoyu-rosijskogo-tanka/
Ukraine's moral leadership should be transformed into economic - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726025-moralne-liderstvo-nasogo-narodu-treba-transformuvati-v-ekonomicne-liderstvo-ukraini-zelenskij.html
Organized a pseudo -referendum in the occupied territory of Zaporizhzhya region - the Russian writer is suspected
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/ocholyv-okupaczijnyj-organ-ta-organizuvav-psevdoreferendum-na-zahoplenij-terytoriyi-zaporizkoyi-oblasti-pidozryuyetsya-rosijskyj-pysmennyk/
Ukrainian Pavlov's Ukrainian flag: we want Ukrainians to know from here good news
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726027-ukrainskij-praporonosec-pavlova-hocetsa-sob-ukrainnci-diznavalisa-zvidsi-horosi-novini.html
Zelensky has accepted the certificates of certificates into Norway, Switzerland, Azerbaijan, Pakistan and Iceland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726028-zelenskij-prijnav-virci-gramoti-u-posliv-norvegii-svejcarii-azerbajdzanu-pakistanu-ta-islandii.html
Germany provided Ukraine with a new military assistance package
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725864-nimeccina-nadala-ukraini-novij-paket-vijskovoi-dopomogi.html
This is indignant: NABU Director spoke about problems with corruption extradition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725863-ce-oburue-direktor-nabu-rozpoviv-pro-problemi-z-ekstradicieu-korupcioneriv.html
Weapons for Ukraine: EU ambassadors supported an increase in the Peace Fund by € 3.5 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725867-zbroa-dla-ukraini-posli-es-pidtrimali-zbilsenna-fondu-miru-na-35-milarda.html
The Kremlin blocks the admission of UN representatives to the Left Bank of Kherson Region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/kreml-blokuye-dopusk-predstavnykiv-oon-na-livoberezhzhya-hersonshhyny/
For Ukroboronprom approved the development strategy by 2034
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725869-dla-ukroboronpromu-uhvalili-strategiu-rozvitku-do-2034-roku.html
In the Finnish Parliament, a new speaker was chosen that had previously been dated to the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725871-u-finskomu-parlamenti-obrali-novogo-spikera-akij-ranise-donativ-na-zsu.html
The GTS operator will receive gas distribution stations for 300 million from the Energy Support Fund of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725872-operator-gts-otrimae-gazorozpodilni-stancii-na-300-miljoniv-vid-fondu-pidtrimki-energetiki-ukraini.html
Russian invaders urge to leave the inhabitants of the village of Rykove in Kherson region - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725875-rosijski-zagarbniki-zaklikaut-viihati-ziteliv-sela-rikove-na-hersonsini-zmi.html
Iran negotiated a nuclear pact with EU mediator
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725876-iran-proviv-peregovori-z-privodu-adernogo-paktu-z-poserednikom-es.html
The "insect house" in Kiev was brought to the State Register of real estate
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3725877-budinok-iz-komahami-u-kievi-vnesli-do-derzreestru-neruhomih-pamatok.html
Zelensky awarded 106 military, 63 of them - posthumously
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725882-zelenskij-nagorodiv-106-vijskovih-63-iz-nih-posmertno.html
Ukraine in the future plans to significantly increase energy and gas exports
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726030-ukraina-v-majbutnomu-planue-znacno-zbilsiti-eksport-energii-ta-gazu.html
Agrarians ask the government to take measures to ensure export of Ukrainian products
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725880-agrarii-prosat-urad-vziti-zahodiv-dla-zabezpecenna-eksportu-ukrainskoi-produkcii.html
EU ambassadors agreed the 11th Package of Sanctions against
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725881-posli-evrosouzu-pogodili-11j-paket-sankcij-proti-rosii.html
Openai plans to create a store of apps for artificial intelligence - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3725885-openai-planue-stvoriti-magazin-dodatkiv-dla-produktiv-zi-stucnim-intelektom-zmi.html
The State Energy Efficiency told about expectations from the Conference in London
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3725883-u-derzenergoefektivnosti-rozpovili-pro-ocikuvanna-vid-konferencii-v-londoni.html
In Tallinn, the premiere of the performance about Ukrainian culture and history was held
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3725884-u-tallinni-projsla-premera-vistavi-pro-ukrainsku-kulturu-j-istoriu.html
Anomalous heat in India: The number of dead exceeded one and a half hundred
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725888-anomalna-speka-v-indii-kilkist-zagiblih-perevisila-pivtori-sotni.html
The next season of the first league will play 20 teams
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725891-v-nastupnomu-sezoni-persoi-ligi-gratimut-20-komand.html
In Kirovohrad, mass events and work of food establishments were banned after 22.00
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725892-na-kirovogradsini-zaboronili-masovi-zahodi-ta-robotu-zakladiv-harcuvanna-pisla-2200.html
In Turkey, the Istanbul frigate was lowered to the water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725893-u-tureccini-spustili-na-vodu-fregat-stambul.html
NABU plans to use artificial intelligence - Krivonos
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3725894-nabu-planue-vikoristovuvati-u-roboti-stucnij-intelekt-krivonos.html
Ukrainian fighters in the Tavriysk direction per day destroyed 280 invaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725897-ukrainski-bijci-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-za-dobu-znisili-280-zagarbnikiv.html
60 countries - Shmigal help to recover Ukrainian cities and villages -
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3725900-vidnovitisa-ukrainskim-mistam-ta-selam-dopomagaut-uze-60-krain-smigal.html
Sit at one table: NABU Director told about relationships with Yermak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725899-sidiv-za-odnim-stolom-direktor-nabu-rozpoviv-pro-vidnosini-z-ermakom.html
The State Enterprise "Forests of Ukraine" develops a strategy for industry development to attract investment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725898-derzpidpriemstvo-lisi-ukraini-rozroblae-strategiu-rozvitku-galuzi-dla-zalucenna-investicij.html
The artists of the Odessa Opera performed at the festival in Moldova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3725903-artisti-odeskoi-operi-vistupili-na-festivali-v-moldovi.html
In the metro metro temporarily not working payment with paper QR-books and codes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3725917-u-stolicnomu-metro-timcasovo-ne-pracue-oplata-paperovimi-qrkvitkami-ta-kodami.html
Zelensky called Putin the second king of anti -Semitism after Hitler
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725906-zelenskij-nazvav-putina-drugim-korolem-antisemitizmu-pisla-gitlera.html
Klimenko told how many mines found in Kherson since the beginning of rescue operation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725907-klimenko-rozpoviv-skilki-min-viavili-u-hersoni-z-pocatku-ratuvalnoi-operacii.html
Yermak discussed the support of Ukraine with representatives of Jewish organizations and Israeli media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725910-ermak-obgovoriv-pidtrimku-ukraini-z-predstavnikami-evrejskih-organizacij-j-izrailskih-zmi.html
In Vinnitsa, the first in Ukraine was equipped with a system of automatic opening of doors
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725909-u-vinnici-persimi-v-ukraini-oblastuvali-ukritta-sistemou-avtomaticnogo-vidkritta-dverej.html
Spain announced a new assistance to restore Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3725915-ispania-anonsuvala-novu-dopomogu-dla-vidnovlenna-ukraini.html
AFS Supply Contracts for the Armed Forces began to be concluded under a new procedure
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726031-dogovori-na-postacanna-produktiv-dla-zsu-pocali-ukladati-za-novou-procedurou.html
Return of the pre -war tax system: Council is recommended to adopt a bill
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725912-povernenna-dovoennoi-sistemi-opodatkuvanna-radi-rekomenduut-uhvaliti-zakonoproekt.html
Fabio Kannavaro will play in a charity match in support of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725914-fabio-kannavaro-zigrae-u-blagodijnomu-matci-na-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
Kuleba discussed with a column new offensive assistance to France for the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725922-kuleba-obgovoriv-iz-kolonnou-novu-nastupalnu-dopomogu-francii-dla-zsu.html
In the Kyiv region detained the "watch" for Boyarka by the nickname "Jol"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725924-na-kiivsini-zatrimali-smotrasogo-za-boarkou-na-prizvisko-dzola.html
Ukrainian boxer Usik began preparation for battle against Duba
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725923-ukrainskij-bokser-usik-rozpocav-pidgotovku-do-bou-proti-dubua.html
Shmigal in London met with Prime Minister Latvia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725928-smigal-u-londoni-zustrivsa-z-premerom-latvii.html
Miga World Bank Agency has begun to provide guarantees for military risk insurance in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725926-agentstvo-svitovogo-banku-miga-pocalo-nadavati-garantii-dla-strahuvanna-voennih-rizikiv-v-ukraini.html
The Ukrainian Armrestling national team won 107 medals for the World Cup and took 3rd commanding place
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725927-zbirna-ukraini-z-armrestlingu-vigrala-107-medalej-na-ce-ta-posila-3-zagalnokomandne-misce.html
Explosion reported in Kharkiv
https://t.me/huyovy_kharkiv/113822
The enemy unsuccessfully tried to step on in four directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/vorog-bezuspishno-namagavsya-nastupaty-na-chotyroh-napryamkah-genshtab-zsu/
NABU Director explained why it was risky to deprive Kolomoisky citizenship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725931-direktor-nabu-poasniv-comu-rizikovano-pozbavlati-kolomojskogo-gromadanstva.html
Stephanyshina discussed NATO's deputy Secretary -General Waiting from Summit in Vilnius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725934-stefanisina-obgovorila-iz-zastupnikom-genseka-nato-ocikuvanna-vid-samitu-u-vilnusi.html
In the Kupyansk direction, the Russians accumulate troops and constantly put forward DRG - Sinegubov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725935-na-kupanskomu-napramku-rosiani-nakopicuut-vijska-i-postijno-visuvaut-drg-sinegubov.html
The profile committee recommends the Council to adopt a law on E-Mark of Excise Tax
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725937-profilnij-komitet-rekomendue-radi-uhvaliti-zakonoproekt-pro-emarku-akciznogo-podatku.html
NABU wants to gradually increase the staff to 300 positions - Krivonos
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725938-nabu-hoce-poetapno-zbilsiti-stat-na-300-posad-krivonos.html
Khersonvodokanal received a portable laboratory for analysis of water quality
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725940-hersonvodokanal-otrimav-portativnu-laboratoriu-dla-analizu-akosti-vodi.html
Ukrainian military destroyed the Russian helicopter Mi-24
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725942-ukrainski-vijskovi-znisili-rosijskij-vertolit-mi24.html
Ukraine and Britain have concluded an energy partnership agreement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725943-ukraina-i-britania-uklali-dogovir-pro-energeticne-partnerstvo.html
The World Bank will give Ukraine $ 500 million for salaries to rescuers, teachers and pensions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726033-svitovij-bank-nadast-ukraini-500-miljoniv-na-zarplati-ratuvalnikam-vcitelam-ta-pensii.html
Conference on Reconstruction in London: 19 countries have joined the platform in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3725945-konferencia-z-vidbudovi-u-londoni-do-platformi-spivinvestuvanna-v-ukrainu-dolucilisa-19-krain.html
Ukraine can become a worldwide hub on prosthetics - Minister of Social Policy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725949-ukraina-moze-stati-svitovim-habom-iz-protezuvanna-ministr-socpolitiki.html
China does not support Putin at this time as the EU spokesman could
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725950-kitaj-narazi-ne-pidtrimue-putina-tak-ak-mig-bi-recnik-es.html
France will help Ukraine build modular hospitals - in London signed a memorandum
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3725951-francia-dopomoze-ukraini-pobuduvati-modulni-likarni-u-londoni-pidpisali-memorandum.html
ESCORDS: 78 applicants will receive 6.3 million for minor repair of their own housing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3725952-evidnovlenna-78-zaavnikiv-otrimaut-63-miljona-na-dribnij-remont-vlasnogo-zitla.html
Britain will teach Ukrainian courses in virtual reality
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3725953-britania-navcatime-ukrainskih-morakivkursantiv-u-virtualnij-realnosti.html
Special Representative of Ukraine conducted consultations on Africa in Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725954-specpredstavnik-ukraini-proviv-u-polsi-konsultacii-z-pitan-afriki.html
In the capital conducted training in case of emergency at the Kiev hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3725955-u-stolici-proveli-trenuvanna-na-vipadok-nadzvicajnoi-situacii-na-kiivskij-ges.html
The United Kingdom is ready to invest in the Ukrainian energy sector
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725956-velika-britania-gotova-investuvati-v-ukrainskij-energosektor.html
Kuleba discussed with Danish colleague the aviation coalition and the formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725957-kuleba-obgovoriv-iz-danskim-kolegou-aviacijnu-koaliciu-ta-formulu-miru.html
Germany handed over to the Nikopol district cubic water tanks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725958-nimeccina-peredala-dla-nikopolskogo-rajonu-kubovi-emnosti-dla-vodi.html
The US House Committee has supported a resolution on granting ATCMS Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725961-komitet-palati-predstavnikiv-ssa-pidtrimav-rezoluciu-sodo-nadanna-atacms-ukraini.html
In four directions there are heavy battles, over 30 collisions per day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725962-na-cotiroh-napramkah-tocatsa-vazki-boi-za-dobu-ponad-30-zitknen.html
Shmigal: We plan to attract up to $ 7 billion using a coordination donor platform
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3725967-smigal-planuemo-zaluciti-do-7-milardiv-za-dopomogou-koordinacijnoi-donorskoi-platformi.html
Funds of the Community Recovery Fund will be directed to the reconstruction of six settlements - Nayem
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3725963-kosti-fondu-vidnovlenna-gromad-spramuut-na-vidbudovu-sesti-naselenih-punktiv-najem.html
Ukraine aims to increase GDP to $ 1 trillion in ten years - Ministry of Economy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725964-ukraina-mae-na-meti-za-desat-rokiv-zbilsiti-vvp-do-1-triljona-minekonomiki.html
Ukrzaliznytsia restored trains near Nikopol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725965-ukrzaliznica-vidnovila-ruh-poizdiv-poblizu-nikopola.html
Canada has provided Ukraine already $ 8.8 billion in help
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725968-kanada-nadala-ukraini-vze-88-milarda-dolariv-dopomogi.html
Defense forces are significantly moving in the Tavriya direction - Tarnavsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725969-sili-oboroni-pomitno-prosuvautsa-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-tarnavskij.html
Educational opportunities in the state should return Ukrainians home - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3725972-osvitni-mozlivosti-u-derzavi-maut-povertati-ukrainciv-dodomu-zelenskij.html
Yaroslav Kaczynski returns to the Polish government
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725799-aroslav-kacinskij-povertaetsa-v-polskij-urad.html
The enemy was attacked four times a day by the Nikopol District
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3725975-vorog-cotiri-razi-za-den-atakuvav-nikopolskij-rajon.html
DTEK joined the UN initiative to restore Ukraine's energy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3725976-dtek-priednavsa-do-iniciativi-oon-dla-vidnovlenna-energetiki-ukraini.html
In Honduras, the number of riot victims in women's prison increased to 46
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725977-u-gondurasi-kilkist-zertv-buntu-v-zinocij-vaznici-zrosla-do-46.html
Information about the possible breakthrough of the Armed Forces causes panic moods in collaborators - the General Staff of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/informacziya-pro-mozhlyvyj-proryv-zsu-vyklykaye-u-kolaborantiv-panichni-nastroyi-genshtab-zsu/
The regions continue to help the Kherson who were injured through the undermining of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725978-regioni-prodovzuut-dopomagati-hersoncam-aki-postrazdali-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges.html
Ukrainian Kalinina gave way to Dart in the second round of the tournament WTA 250
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725979-ukrainka-kalinina-postupilasa-dart-u-drugomu-koli-turniru-wta-250.html
In Odessa, the number of rocket attack victims of June 14 increased to four
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725980-v-odesi-kilkist-zertv-raketnoi-ataki-14-cervna-zbilsilasa-do-cotiroh.html
The World Bank and Donors provide Ukraine with $ 1.75 billion additional financial support
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725981-svitovij-bank-i-donori-nadaut-ukraini-175-milarda-dodatkovoi-finansovoi-pidtrimki.html
The movement of Lesya Ukrainka Capital Boulevard was restricted by the end of July
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3725983-ruh-stolicnim-bulvarom-lesi-ukrainki-obmezili-do-kinca-lipna.html
Opact is urged to give Ukraine invitation to NATO despite the state of war with Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725985-v-op-zaklikaut-nadati-ukraini-zaprosenna-v-nato-popri-stan-vijni-z-rosieu.html
Moldova's prime minister called "inappropriate gifts" money from the Russian Embassy for Gagauzi residents
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725986-premer-moldovi-nazvav-nedorecnimi-podarunkami-grosi-vid-posolstva-rf-dla-ziteliv-gagauzii.html
Strategic inventories, Decarbonization and Donor Support: Naftogaz and Government have signed a memorandum with the EBRD
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3725988-strategicni-zapasi-dekarbonizacia-i-donorska-pidtrimka-naftogaz-ta-urad-pidpisali-memorandum-z-ebrr.html
Almost 600 houses remain flooded in Kherson region - Klimenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725989-na-hersonsini-zalisautsa-pidtoplenimi-majze-600-domiv-klimenko.html
Basketball player 3x3 of the national team of Ukraine: they came as much as possible on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725992-basketbolistka-3h3-zbirnoi-ukraini-priihali-maksimalno-viklastisa-na-majdanciku.html
In Lviv, they said goodbye to Hero of Ukraine Igor Dashko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725994-u-lvovi-poprosalisa-z-geroem-ukraini-igorem-daskom.html
Danilov does not exclude personnel decisions at a NSDC meeting on the state of shelter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725995-danilov-ne-viklucae-kadrovih-risen-na-zasidanni-rnbo-sodo-stanu-ukrittiv.html
The Lithuanian Seimas initiated the deprivation of citizenship of a figure skater for participation in the show in the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726023-sejm-litvi-iniciuvav-pozbavlenna-gromadanstva-figuristki-drobazko-za-ucast-u-sou-v-rosii.html
Ukraine's youth football team started with victory at the European Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3725998-molodizna-zbirna-ukraini-z-futbolu-startuvala-z-peremogi-na-cempionati-evropi.html
Sexism in the admissions committee of the Lviv Medical University will be investigated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726005-seksizm-u-prijmalnij-komisii-lvivskomu-meduniversitetu-rozsliduvatime-komisia-moz.html
In Vilnius, Ukraine has to receive an invitation or a plan for joining NATO - Rasmussen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3725999-u-vilnusi-ukraina-mae-otrimati-zaprosenna-abo-plan-vstupu-do-nato-rasmussen.html
Kuleba held the first meeting with the new Turkish Foreign Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726003-kuleba-proviv-persu-zustric-z-novim-glavou-mzs-tureccini.html
Messi debuts for Inter Mayai on July 22 as part of the Cup Leiges
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726001-messi-debutue-za-inter-maami-22-lipna-v-ramkah-kubka-lig.html
In Ukraine tomorrow is forecast to +29 °, in most areas - rains and thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3725925-v-ukraini-zavtra-prognozuut-do-29-u-bilsosti-oblastej-dosi-ta-grozi.html
In the Kherson region, 19 collaborators were suspected at once
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726006-na-hersonsini-ogolosili-pidozru-odrazu-19-kolaborantam.html
Spain will send Nasams to protect NATO's summit in Vilnius - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725715-ispania-vidpravit-nasams-dla-zahistu-samitu-nato-u-vilnusi-zmi.html
Near the Canary Islands overturned the boat with migrants - nearly 40 dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726007-bila-kanarskih-ostroviv-perekinuvsa-coven-z-migrantami-majze-40-zagiblih.html
Gas exploded in Paris - several buildings lit up, 16 people were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725982-u-parizi-vibuhnuv-gaz-zagorilisa-kilka-budivel.html
Dnipro returns to the channel in which it was 70 years ago
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726010-dnipro-povertaetsa-v-ruslo-v-akomu-vin-buv-70-rokiv-tomu.html
More than 4,000 Rosarmia tanks have destroyed Ukraine's defense forces since the beginning of large -scale aggression of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/ponad-4000-tankiv-rosarmiyi-znyshhyly-syly-oborony-ukrayiny-z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-agresiyi-rf/
EastFruit: Cherry Mass Sale - Prices 70% higher than last year's
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726011-eastfruit-v-ukraini-startuvav-masovij-prodaz-visni-cini-na-70-vise-za-torisni.html
In Moscow, one of the creators of the Soviet thermonuclear bomb was found dead - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726012-u-moskvi-znajsli-mertvim-odnogo-iz-tvorciv-radanskoi-termoadernoi-bombi-zmi.html
On the Right Bank of Kherson region, water departed from three thousand homes - the head of the ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726013-na-pravoberezzi-hersonsini-voda-vidijsla-vid-troh-tisac-osel-golova-ova.html
EBRD this year will support Ukrainian energy for € 600 million - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726017-ebrr-cogoric-pidtrimae-ukrainsku-energetiku-na-600-miljoniv-smigal.html
States do not see the need to change their strength in response to the nuclear blackmail of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726016-stati-ne-bacat-neobhidnosti-zminuvati-rozstanovku-svoih-sil-u-vidpovid-na-adernij-santaz-rf.html
In Uzhgorod, hundreds of people came to say goodbye to three dead warriors
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726019-v-uzgorodi-sotni-ludej-prijsli-poprosatisa-iz-troma-zagiblimi-voinami.html
Zelensky about fierce battles on the front: in the south there is our movement forward
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726024-zelenskij-pro-zapekli-boi-na-fronti-na-pivdni-e-nas-ruh-upered.html
Nastya Stanko will become the editor -in -chief "Investigation.Info"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726020-golovnou-redaktorkou-slidstvoinfo-stane-nasta-stanko.html
Britain is ready to support the simplified procedure of Ukraine's accession to NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726021-britania-gotova-pidtrimati-sprosenu-proceduru-vstupu-ukraini-do-nato.html
The State Department advised African countries not to trust Putin's "peaceful intentions"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726022-derzdep-poradiv-afrikanskim-krainam-ne-dovirati-mirnim-namiram-putina.html
Ukraine's moral leadership should be transformed into economic - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726025-moralne-liderstvo-nasogo-narodu-treba-transformuvati-v-ekonomicne-liderstvo-ukraini-zelenskij.html
Ukrainian Pavlov's Ukrainian flag: we want Ukrainians to know from here good news
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726027-ukrainskij-praporonosec-pavlova-hocetsa-sob-ukrainnci-diznavalisa-zvidsi-horosi-novini.html
Zelensky has accepted the certificates of certificates into Norway, Switzerland, Azerbaijan, Pakistan and Iceland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726028-zelenskij-prijnav-virci-gramoti-u-posliv-norvegii-svejcarii-azerbajdzanu-pakistanu-ta-islandii.html
Ukraine in the future plans to significantly increase energy and gas exports
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726030-ukraina-v-majbutnomu-planue-znacno-zbilsiti-eksport-energii-ta-gazu.html
AFS Supply Contracts for the Armed Forces began to be concluded under a new procedure
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726031-dogovori-na-postacanna-produktiv-dla-zsu-pocali-ukladati-za-novou-procedurou.html
The World Bank will give Ukraine $ 500 million for salaries to rescuers, teachers and pensions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726033-svitovij-bank-nadast-ukraini-500-miljoniv-na-zarplati-ratuvalnikam-vcitelam-ta-pensii.html
Yaroslav Kaczynski returns to the Polish government
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3725799-aroslav-kacinskij-povertaetsa-v-polskij-urad.html
The Lithuanian Seimas initiated the deprivation of citizenship of a figure skater for participation in the show in the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726023-sejm-litvi-iniciuvav-pozbavlenna-gromadanstva-figuristki-drobazko-za-ucast-u-sou-v-rosii.html
Pentagon mistakenly inflated the cost provided to Ukraine by weapons of $ 6.2 billion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/pentagon-pomylkovo-zavyshhyv-vartist-nadanogo-ukrayini-ozbroyennya-na-62-milyarda/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
French-Italian SAMP/T already deployed and operates in Ukraine-Emmanuel Macron
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/franczuzko-italijskyj-zrk-samp-t-vzhe-rozgornutyj-i-funkczionuye-v-ukrayini-emmanyuel-makron/
EastFruit: Cherry Mass Sale - Prices 70% higher than last year's
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726011-eastfruit-v-ukraini-startuvav-masovij-prodaz-visni-cini-na-70-vise-za-torisni.html
Ukrainian military is training the basics of robotics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/ukrayinski-vijskovi-navchayutsya-osnov-robototehniky/
Cyril Budanov revealed the details of the Russian terrorist attack on the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/kyrylo-budanov-rozkryv-detali-rosijskogo-teraktu-na-kahovskij-ges/
More than 400 explosive items were neutralized by pyrotechnics per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/ponad-400-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-zneshkodyly-pirotehniky-za-dobu/
As a result of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station in Kherson region, 20 settlements remain flooded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/vnaslidok-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-na-hersonshhyni-zalyshayutsya-pidtoplenymy-20-naselenyh-punktiv/
The Supreme Court has determined the amount of one -time financial assistance for war veterans for 2022
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/verhovnyj-sud-vyznachyv-sumu-odnorazovoyi-groshovoyi-dopomogy-dlya-veteraniv-vijny-za-2022-rik/
In Moscow, one of the creators of the Soviet thermonuclear bomb was found dead - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726012-u-moskvi-znajsli-mertvim-odnogo-iz-tvorciv-radanskoi-termoadernoi-bombi-zmi.html
Your victory in competitions inspires warriors at the front: the president congratulated the athletes - participants of the III European Games
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/vasha-peremoga-u-zmagannyah-nadyhaye-voyiniv-na-fronti-prezydent-pryvitav-sportsmeniv-uchasnykiv-iii-yevropejskyh-igor/
Anna Malyar: In the direction of Bigorivka - Shipylivka our military is fixed on the reached boundaries
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/ganna-malyar-na-napryamku-bilogorivka-shypylivka-nashi-vijskovi-zakriplyuyutsya-na-dosyagnutyh-rubezhah/
"Mad Childhood" - a movie about forced deportation and Russification of Ukrainian children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/ponivechene-dytynstvo-film-pro-prymusovu-deportacziyu-ta-rusyfikacziyu-ukrayinskyh-ditej/
National University of Defense of Ukraine received a battle flag
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/naczionalnyj-universytet-oborony-ukrayiny-otrymav-bojovyj-prapor/
Russia has brought the Caliber missiles into the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/armiya-rf-vyvela-v-chorne-more-nosij-raket-kalibr/
On the Right Bank of Kherson region, water departed from three thousand homes - the head of the ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726013-na-pravoberezzi-hersonsini-voda-vidijsla-vid-troh-tisac-osel-golova-ova.html
The premiere of "Rashism. History of illness "
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/u-kyyevi-vidbulasya-premyera-filmu-rashyzm-istoriya-hvoroby/
After the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, more than 200 missing persons were set
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/pislya-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-vstanovleno-misczeperebuvannya-ponad-200-znyklyh-bezvisty-osib/
The enemy brought out a combat duty of the overwarf rocket launcher
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/vorog-vyviv-na-bojove-cherguvannya-nadvodnyj-raketonosij/
Ukraine is waiting everywhere, where there is still occupation, and know: if Russia has fallen, then it is not forever - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/ukrayinu-chekayut-usyudy-de-shhe-ye-okupacziya-i-znayut-yakshho-rosiya-vderlasya-to-cze-ne-nazavzhdy-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Gur's interception: "We are not told how many we have dead" - a rashist about losses
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/perehoplennya-gur-nam-ne-kazhut-skilky-mayemo-zagyblyh-voyak-rf-pro-vtraty/
Canadian instructors continue to teach Ukrainian recruits
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/kanadski-instruktory-prodovzhuyut-navchaty-ukrayinskyh-novobrancziv/
The victims of Kakhovskaya Hydroe Hepheus will receive one -time financial assistance from the state
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/postrazhdali-vid-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-otrymayut-odnorazovu-groshovu-dopomogu-vid-derzhavy/
Bonn Conference: The international community has heard about the environmental crimes of the Russian Federation in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/bonnska-konferencziya-mizhnarodna-spilnota-pochula-pro-ekologichni-zlochyny-rf-v-ukrayini/
Our artillery during the day struck 3 management points, 3 stations of the IP, 18 art units of the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/nasha-artyleriya-protyagom-doby-urazyla-3-punkty-upravlinnya-3-stancziyi-reb-18-artpidrozdiliv-voroga/
EBRD this year will support Ukrainian energy for € 600 million - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726017-ebrr-cogoric-pidtrimae-ukrainsku-energetiku-na-600-miljoniv-smigal.html
Baltops23: NATO's large -scale training in the Baltic Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/baltops23-u-baltijskomu-mori-zavershylys-masshtabni-navchannya-nato/
At night the air defense forces destroyed all six "shahas" over Khmelnytskyi
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/unochi-syly-ppo-znyshhyly-usi-shist-shahediv-nad-hmelnychchynoyu/
In cooperation with an international company, the State Security Service stopped cyberattack on Ukrainian organizations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/derzhspeczzvyazku-u-spivpraczi-z-mizhnarodnoyu-kompaniyeyu-zupynyly-kiberataku-na-ukrayinski-organizacziyi/
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine discussed steps with the US Secretary of State to strengthen the Armed Forces counter -offensive
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/glava-mzs-ukrayiny-obgovoryv-z-derzhsekretarem-ssha-kroky-po-zmicznennyu-kontrnastupu-zsu/
June 22 at Military Media Center briefing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/22-chervnya-u-military-media-center-bryfing-predstavnykiv-syl-bezpeky-ta-oborony-ukrayiny/
Close prisoners of seafarers met with representatives of the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/blyzki-polonenyh-moryakiv-zustrilysya-z-predstavnykamy-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu/
Britain has announced the provision of a new financial aid package for more than $ 3 billion to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/brytaniya-ogolosyla-pro-nadannya-ukrayini-novogo-paketu-finansovoyi-dopomogy-na-ponad-3-milyardy/
The captured ships of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces are disposed of in temporarily occupied Crimea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/zahopleni-korabli-vms-zsu-rashysty-utylizuyut-v-tymchasovo-okupovanomu-krymu/
New Kakhovka's new military bond appeared in the action
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/u-diyi-zyavylas-nova-vijskova-obligacziya-nova-kahovka/
Ruslan Stefanchuk discussed with the head of the Senate of Italy's accession to Ukraine to NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/ruslan-stefanchuk-obgovoryv-z-glavoyu-senatu-italiyi-pryyednannya-ukrayiny-do-nato/
States do not see the need to change their strength in response to the nuclear blackmail of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726016-stati-ne-bacat-neobhidnosti-zminuvati-rozstanovku-svoih-sil-u-vidpovid-na-adernij-santaz-rf.html
GUR calls to the media and the public to check the compliance of persons expressed on behalf of intelligence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/gur-zaklykaye-zmi-ta-gromadskist-pereviryaty-vidpovidnist-osib-shho-vyslovlyuyutsya-vid-imeni-rozvidky/
In the morning, the army of the Russian Federation fired at mortars of Sumy and Chernihiv border
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/zranku-armiya-rf-obstrilyala-z-minometiv-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-i-chernigivshhyny/
Soldiers and combatants will be able to visit the Book Arsenal for free
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/vijskovosluzhbovczi-ta-uchasnyky-bojovyh-dij-zmozhut-bezkoshtovno-vidvidaty-knyzhkovyj-arsenal/
The FSB agent was detained, which was struck by electrical substations in five regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/zatrymano-agenta-fsb-yakyj-gotuvav-udary-po-elektropidstancziyah-v-pyaty-oblastyah-ukrayiny/
Germany handed over a new military assistance party to Ukraine: shells, tractors and semi -trailers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/nimechchyna-peredala-ukrayini-novu-partiyu-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-snaryady-tyagachi-ta-napivprychepy/
The Prosecutor General's Office has documented more than 112,000 crimes against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/ofis-generalnogo-prokurora-zadokumentuvav-ponad-112-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-ukrayiny/
Ordered the subordinates to move to the spare positions, and he remained to cover them
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/nakazav-pidleglym-vidhodyty-na-zapasni-pozycziyi-a-sam-zalyshyvsya-yih-prykryvaty/
The troops of the Russian Federation last day killed four civilians in Ukraine, 15 wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/vijska-rf-mynuloyi-doby-vbyly-v-ukrayini-chetvero-czyvilnyh-15-poranenyh/
When we build Ukraine, we will build freedom-Vladimir Zelensky's online exit at a conference in London
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/koly-my-zbuduyemo-ukrayinu-my-zbuduyemo-svobodu-onlajn-vystup-volodymyra-zelenskogo-na-konferencziyi-v-londoni/
The Air Force officer won the Gold at International Military Fiven Competitions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/oficzer-povitryanyh-syl-vyborov-zoloto-na-mizhnarodnyh-zmagannyah-z-vijskovogo-pyatyborstva/
In Uzhgorod, hundreds of people came to say goodbye to three dead warriors
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3726019-v-uzgorodi-sotni-ludej-prijsli-poprosatisa-iz-troma-zagiblimi-voinami.html
Started examination of a dwelling damaged or destroyed as a result
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/rozpochato-obstezhennya-zhytla-poshkodzhenogo-abo-zrujnovanogo-vnaslidok-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
Nuclear security issues due to Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station were discussed by officials of Ukraine and Britain
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/pytannya-yadernoyi-bezpeky-cherez-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-obgovoryly-posadovczi-ukrayiny-ta-brytaniyi/
Ukrainian defenders knocked down the Russian helicopter Mi-24
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-zbyly-rosijskyj-vertolit-mi-24/
The Minister of Protection of the Environment and Natural Resources of Ukraine at a meeting with colleagues with the EU told about the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/ministr-zahystu-dovkillya-ta-pryrodnyh-resursiv-ukrayiny-na-zustrichi-z-kolegamy-z-yes-rozpoviv-pro-naslidky-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
During the day, the forces of defense destroyed all the enemy UAVS Shahd, which the Rashists used in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/protyagom-doby-syly-oborony-znyshhyly-usi-vorozhi-bpla-shahed-yaki-rashysty-zastosovuvaly-po-ukrayini/
Supplied raw materials for production of "calibers": Russian oligarch received suspicion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/postachav-syrovynu-dlya-vyrobnycztva-kalibriv-rosijskyj-oligarh-otrymav-pidozru/
Ukrainian defenders repelled more than 30 enemy attacks - heavy battles continue near Bakhmut, Liman, Avdiivka and Marinka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-vidbyly-ponad-30-atak-voroga-vazhki-boyi-tryvayut-poblyzu-bahmuta-lymana-avdiyivky-ta-maryinky/
The EU has agreed to the 11th Package Against Russia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/yes-pogodyv-11-j-paket-sankczij-proty-rf/
Due to the great loss of the Russians take away the "storm" detachment from the forefront
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/cherez-velyki-vtraty-rosiyany-vidvodyat-zagin-shtorm-z-peredovoyi/
Up to 15 and 8 years, three NFF participants were sentenced to the lattice, who fought against the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/do-15-i-8-rokiv-za-gratamy-zasudzheno-troh-uchasnykiv-nzf-rf-yaki-voyuvaly-proty-zsu/
The Slovak Parliament recognized the Holodomor with the genocide of the Ukrainian people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/parlament-slovachchyny-vyznav-golodomor-genoczydom-ukrayinskogo-narodu/
Zelensky about fierce battles on the front: in the south there is our movement forward
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726024-zelenskij-pro-zapekli-boi-na-fronti-na-pivdni-e-nas-ruh-upered.html
In Kherson, water has already retreated from 32 settlements
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/na-hersonshhyni-voda-vzhe-vidstupyla-vid-32-naselenyh-punktiv/
In Kyiv region there was a training of mortar calculations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/na-kyyivshhyni-vidbulysya-trenuvannya-minometnyh-rozrahunkiv/
In Belarus, the preparation of units of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation for the departure of war to Ukraine continues
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/u-bilorusi-tryvaye-pidgotovka-pidrozdiliv-zs-rf-dlya-vidpravky-na-vijnu-v-ukrayinu/
Ukrainian aviation per day has struck 18 beats on the technique and areas of concentration of Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/ukrayinska-aviacziya-za-dobu-zavdala-18-udariv-po-tehniczi-ta-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-rosiyan/
Conference on Reconstruction in London: 19 countries have joined the platform in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/konferencziya-z-vidbudovy-v-londoni-do-platformy-spivinvestuvannya-v-ukrayinu-doluchylysya-19-krayin/
The SBU has started investigating almost 92,000 criminal proceedings on Russian aggression - Vasyl Malyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/sbu-rozpochala-rozsliduvannya-majzhe-92-tysyach-kryminalnyh-provadzhen-shhodo-agresiyi-rf-vasyl-malyuk/
Ukraine and UN have agreed to create a community recovery fund
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/ukrayina-ta-oon-domovylysya-pro-stvorennya-fondu-vidnovlennya-gromad/
The head of state accepted the certificates of certificates into the ambassadors of Norway, Switzerland, Azerbaijan, Pakistan and Iceland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/glava-derzhavy-pryjnyav-virchi-gramoty-u-posliv-norvegiyi-shvejczariyi-azerbajdzhanu-pakystanu-ta-islandiyi/
Global hopes are focused on our country, and our people will justify them: Ukraine will win - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/na-nashij-derzhavi-sfokusovani-globalni-nadiyi-i-nashi-lyudy-yih-vypravdayut-ukrayina-peremozhe-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Short. War. Day 483. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/21/korotko-vijna-den-483-videodajdzhest/
Nastya Stanko will become the editor -in -chief "Investigation.Info"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3726020-golovnou-redaktorkou-slidstvoinfo-stane-nasta-stanko.html
Football: Juventus bought Marseille Milika
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726036-futbol-uventus-vikupiv-u-marsela-milika.html
Gutzait: Thanks to the Armed Forces, we are able to represent Ukraine in the sports arena
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726035-gutcajt-zavdaki-zsu-mi-maemo-zmogu-predstavlati-ukrainu-na-sportivnij-areni.html
Gutzait: Thanks to the Armed Forces, we are able to represent Ukraine in the sports arena
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726035-gutcajt-zavdaki-zsu-mi-maemo-zmogu-predstavlati-ukrainu-na-sportivnij-areni.html
Football: Juventus bought Marseille Milika
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3726036-futbol-uventus-vikupiv-u-marsela-milika.html
Berbok named the main condition of Ukraine's accession to the European Union
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3726037-berbok-nazvala-golovnu-umovu-vstupu-ukraini-do-evrosouzu.html
The State Department plans to continue to interact with China after Baiden's statement about the "dictator" SI
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3726038-derzdep-planue-j-nadali-vzaemodiati-z-kitaem-pisla-zaavi-bajdena-pro-diktatora-si.html
Ukraine can increase investment opportunities in the energy sector up to almost $ 400 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3726039-ukraina-moze-zbilsiti-investicijni-mozlivosti-v-energosektori-do-majze-400-milardiv.html
In Ukraine this year 20 vitality centers - Ministry of Social Policy will be equipped
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726040-v-ukraini-cogoric-oblastuut-20-centriv-zittestijkosti-minsocpolitiki.html
Ukrainian scout causes rage in the Kremlin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/22/ukrayinskyj-rozvidnyk-vyklykaye-lyut-u-kremli/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====