乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-26

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Krasne First, Figolivka, two -year -old, Massutivka, ki ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5183
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske and Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5184
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Minkivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Bogdanivka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5185
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novoalexandrivka, Ceramics, Novokalin, Avdiii ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5186
Explosions were reported in Tokmak
https://t.me/dniprorudne_ukraine/2968
Air defense was active in Odesa
https://t.me/OdessaDumskayaNet/58231
PACE approved the resolution on the political consequences of Russian aggression against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/parye-uhvalyla-rezolyucziyu-shhodo-politychnyh-naslidkiv-agresiyi-rf-proty-ukrayiny/
What should be in the first aid kilos of the 50-kilometer zone around the ZPP-the Tips of the Ministry of Health
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/shho-maye-buty-v-aptechkah-zhyteliv-50-kilometrovoyi-zony-navkolo-zaes-porady-moz/
The assistant of the Russian oligarch was detained: he managed the export of titanium from Ukraine for the production of "calibers"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/zatrymala-pomichnyka-rosijskogo-oligarha-keruvav-vyvezennyam-z-ukrayiny-tytanu-dlya-vyrobnycztva-kalibriv/
The Russian Federation does not provide official information on the health of prisoners of war - coordinating headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/rf-ne-nadaye-oficzijnoyi-informacziyi-pro-stan-zdorovya-vijskovopolonenogo-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
“We sit without food. One cracker into eight division ” - interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/sydymo-bez-yizhi-odyn-suharyk-na-vismoh-dilymo-perehoplennya-gur/
Aviation of Defense Forces over the past day has struck 18 beats through the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-mynulu-dobu-zavdala-18-udariv-po-vorogu/
Alexei Reznikov showed how the defense forces destroyed three Russian tanks near Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/oleksij-reznikov-pokazav-yak-syly-oborony-znyshhyly-try-rosijski-tanky-nepodalik-bahmuta/
Collaborators flee from Kherson region to temporarily occupied Crimea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/kolaboranty-tikayut-z-hersonshhyny-do-tymchasovo-okupovanogo-krymu/
Enemy Loss per day: 720 occupiers were eliminated, 6 tanks and 19 artisystems were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-720-okupantiv-likvidovano-znyshheno-6-tankiv-i-19-artsystem/
The coordination headquarters discussed aspects of DNA Expertise and identification of the bodies of dead
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-obgovoryly-aspekty-provedennya-dnk-ekspertyz-ta-opiznannya-til-zagyblyh/
The Government has approved the procedure for improving employees' skills for work in de -enrolled territories: what is known
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/uryad-zatverdyv-poryadok-pidvyshhennya-kvalifikacziyi-praczivnykiv-dlya-roboty-na-deokupovanyh-terytoriyah-shho-vidomo/
The PACE found the Russian Federation guilty of the crime of ecocide by blasting the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: resolution
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/parye-vyznala-rf-vynnoyu-u-skoyenni-zlochynu-ekoczydu-shlyahom-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-rezolyucziya/
In the Central District Hospital Kalanchak, the occupiers were equipped with a military hospital
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/u-czentralnij-rajonnij-likarni-kalanchaka-okupanty-oblashtuvaly-vijskovyj-shpytal/
In Kherson, the water in the Dnieper returned within the line
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/u-hersoni-voda-u-dnipri-povernulas-u-mezhi-rusla-mindovkillya/
Military Russian Federation told about the repayment of criminal record - the interception of GUR MOU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/vijskovyj-rf-rozpoviv-pro-pogashennya-sudymosti-perehoplennya-gur-mou/
Kalinina lost Kasatkin in the first round of the WTA 500 tournament in Istborne
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3728030-kalinina-prograla-kasatkinij-u-persomu-koli-turniru-wta-500-v-istborni.html
Georgia does not impose sanctions against Russia because of the risk of a possible war - Speaker of Parliament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727926-gruzia-ne-vvodit-sankcii-proti-rosii-cerez-rizik-mozlivoi-vijni-spiker-parlamentu.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske and Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5193
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Minkivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Bogdanivka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5194
Ukrainian Bezhura is the first in fencing at European Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3728051-ukrainka-bezura-persa-u-fehtuvanni-na-evropejskih-igrah.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Berdyshi, Avdiivka, Vodyane, Karlovka And First ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5195
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Hostre, Heorhiyivka and Maryinka of Donetsk region...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5196
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Temyrivka, Novodarivka, Levadne, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5198
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5199
As a result of the war, 8.2 million Ukrainians went abroad - Shuliak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3728049-unaslidok-vijni-za-kordon-viihali-82-miljona-ukrainciv-sulak.html
Prigogine's rebellion is a challenge to Putin - British Foreign Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728048-zakolot-prigozina-e-viklikom-putinu-glava-mzs-britanii.html
The Russians firing Sumy region with mortars and SAUs - more than 30 "arrivals" per day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728047-rosiani-obstriluut-sumsinu-z-minometiv-i-sau-ponad-30-prilotiv-za-den.html
Russia wants to stop Ukrainian offensive at any cost-painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728046-rosia-hoce-zupiniti-ukrainskij-nastup-budakou-cinou-malar.html
The Berdyansk authorities confirmed the death of two teenagers killed by the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3728040-vlada-berdanska-pidtverdila-smert-dvoh-pidlitkiv-akih-vbili-rosiani.html
The EU supports the Ukrainian formula of peace and promote it in the world - Borrel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3728033-es-pidtrimue-ukrainsku-formulu-miru-ta-prosuvatime-ii-u-sviti-borrel.html
In the victims of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants there are no cases of cholera - Odesa Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3728031-u-postrazdalih-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-oblastah-nemae-vipadkiv-holeri-odeska-ova.html
Ukrainian air defense shot down 7 of 8 Shahed drones and 2 of 3 Kaliber cruise missiles, laun...
https://t.me/kpszsu/2857
Counter-terrorism legal regime canceled in Moscow and Moscow region, Voronezh region - Russia...
https://t.me/rusbrief/130316
As of Monday morning Russian FSB has not closed criminal case against Prigozhin
https://t.me/rusbrief/130344
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled well, Krasne First, Figololivka, Novomlinsk, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5192
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Paraskovivka, Novomikhailivka, Village, pp. ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5197
Josep Borrell: The Foreign Affairs Council starts with a VTC with @DmytroKuleba. Ukraine rema...
https://twitter.com/JosepBorrellF/status/1673248296951742466
“The monster that Putin created with Wagner, the monster is biting him now. The monster is ac...
https://twitter.com/HenryJFoy/status/1673244333275766784
Wagner's failed rebellion proves Putin's invasion was a mistake, - Stoltenberg
https://twitter.com/RFI/status/1673259459542663168
Increased activity of NATO aviation over Black Sea
https://twitter.com/GDarkconrad/status/1673259895167000578
Ukrainian military liberated Rivnopil of Donetsk region
https://t.me/annamaliar/886
Russian army shelled Bilozerka in Kherson region, wounding one person
https://twitter.com/ukrpravda_news/status/1673301225071169541
2 person killed, 1 wounded as result of Russian army shelling in Nikopol
https://t.me/UkraineNow/35301
Construction of new military field camps started near Asipovichy of Mahyliw region of Belarus...
https://t.me/svobodnieslova/2297
Zelensky visited the leading positions of the Armed Forces in the Berdyansk direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728052-zelenskij-vidvidav-peredovi-pozicii-zsu-na-berdanskomu-napramku.html
Amsterdam changed the name "Hermitage" after rupture of connections with Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728068-v-amsterdami-zminili-nazvu-ermitazu-pisla-rozrivu-zvazkiv-z-rosieu.html
Explosions reported at military warehouses in Crimea
https://twitter.com/Shtirlitz53/status/1673334878157303814
2 person killed, 9 wounded as result of shelling in Oleshky in occupied part of Kherson region
https://t.me/suspilnekherson/28383
States will continue the sanction pressure on Wagner PEC - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728069-stati-prodovzat-sankcijnij-tisk-na-pvk-vagner-bilij-dim.html
Prigozhin: Lukashenka proposed a decision to continue the work of Wagner PMC in legal jurisdi...
https://t.me/rusbrief/130523
Prigozhin on the reasons for the abortion of the "march of justice": when the first assault d...
https://t.me/rusbrief/130518
The artillery of the racists kissed Nikopol, there are victims among civilians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/artyleriya-rashystiv-poczilyla-po-nikopolyu-ye-zhertvy-sered-czyvilnyh/
Bulgaria approved a new military assistance package to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728071-bolgaria-shvalila-novij-paket-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
2 Russian Su-27 fighters intercepted RC-135 and 2 Typhoon fighter jets over Black Sea
https://t.me/breakingmash/45391
In the White House, they do not see the signs of "inevitable threat" of the blast of the Zaporozhye NPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728072-u-bilomu-domi-ne-bacat-oznak-neminucoi-zagrozi-pidrivu-zaporizkoi-aes.html
Andrievsky: Dynamo hopes to return first place in the new season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727852-andrievskij-u-novomu-sezoni-dinamo-spodivaetsa-povernuti-perse-misca.html
How to safely return to a home that has been subjected
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/yak-bezpechno-povertatys-u-zhytlo-yake-zaznalo-pidtoplennya/
Denmark started training Ukrainian pilots on F-16
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727856-dania-pocala-navcanna-ukrainskih-pilotiv-na-f16.html
Poland will send to Ukrainian security officers thousands of machine guns and millions of ammunition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727859-polsa-vidpravit-ukrainskim-silovikam-tisaci-avtomativ-i-miljoni-naboiv.html
The last bell holiday was held at a Ukrainian school in Brussels
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3727835-svato-ostannogo-dzvonika-vidbulosa-v-ukrainskij-skoli-u-brusseli.html
The movie "Mirny -21" will be shown in 15 countries - Seitablaev told details
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3727861-film-mirnij21-pokazut-u-15-krainah-seitablaev-rozpoviv-detali.html
Rescue boats, motor pumps, absorbents: France and Estonia handed assistance to SES
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3727841-ratuvalni-covni-motopompi-absorbenti-francia-ta-estonia-peredali-dopomogu-dsns.html
A third of Ukrainians abroad believe that Russian -speaking in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3727864-tretina-ukrainciv-za-kordonom-virat-so-v-ukraini-utiskaut-rosijskomovnih.html
In Serbia, the court released three Kosovo police officers from custody
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727866-u-serbii-sud-zvilniv-zpid-varti-troh-kosovskih-policejskih.html
In Vilnius, Ukraine should receive security guarantees and NATO -Rasmussen membership signal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727869-u-vilnusi-ukraina-mae-otrimati-garantii-bezpeki-i-signal-pro-clenstvo-v-nato-rasmussen.html
The army of the Russian Federation attacked Belozerka in Kherson region, there is a wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727872-armia-rf-atakuvala-bilozerku-na-hersonsini-e-poranena.html
Michotakis started the second cadence of Greece Prime Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727871-micotakis-rozpocav-drugu-kadenciu-premera-grecii.html
The front line should not become a new border between Ukraine and Russia - a spokesman for Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727876-linia-frontu-ne-povinna-stati-novim-kordonom-miz-ukrainou-ta-rosieu-recnik-uradu-frn.html
Defense forces are moving in the Tavriysk direction - four companions of the invaders were destroyed in a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727878-sili-oboroni-prosuvautsa-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-za-dobu-znisili-cotiri-roti-zagarbnikiv.html
Kyivstar launched a new television package - 40% of the cost will help children with burns
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3727879-kiivstar-zapustiv-novij-paket-telebacenna-40-vartosti-pide-na-dopomogu-ditam-z-opikami.html
FC Real has extended a contract with 37-year-old Luke Modric
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727880-fk-real-podovziv-kontrakt-z-37ricnim-lukou-modricem.html
Australian billionaire Forest intends to invest in Ukraine's reconstruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3727883-avstralijskij-milarder-forest-mae-namir-investuvati-u-vidbudovu-ukraini.html
Putin and Lukashenka to make public statements later today, - Kremlin and Lukashenka’s admini...
https://t.me/bbbreaking/159042
Mobile operators will register the numbers of dead or missing defenders for two years
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3727882-mobilni-operatori-rezervuvatimut-nomeri-zagiblih-ci-zniklih-zahisnikiv-na-dva-roki.html
The topic of Ukraine's membership in NATO will be among the main at the Vilnius Summit - Nauseda
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727886-tema-clenstva-ukraini-v-nato-bude-sered-golovnih-na-vilnuskomu-samiti-nauseda.html
Bundesver will send 4,000 soldiers to Lithuania - Pistorius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727889-bundesver-vidpravit-do-litvi-4-tisaci-soldativ-pistorius.html
President Zelensky visited the frontline positions of Ukrainian troops in the Berdyansk direct...
https://t.me/babel/34571
The National Bank may start reducing the discount rate since July or September
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3727887-nacbank-moze-pocati-znizuvati-oblikovu-stavku-z-lipna-ci-veresna.html
In Indonesia there was a powerful earthquake
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727890-v-indonezii-stavsa-potuznij-zemletrus.html
Putin suggested "Wagner" three options to choose from
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728077-putin-zaproponuvav-vagnerivcam-tri-varianti-na-vibir.html
Stephanyshina commented on the conclusion of the Venice Commission on the Law on National Meniers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727893-stefanisina-prokomentuvala-visnovok-venecijskoi-komisii-sodo-zakonu-pro-nacmensini.html
Cereal crop this year is forecast at 46 million tons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3727892-urozaj-zernovih-cogoric-prognozuut-na-rivni-46-miljoniv-tonn.html
The organizers of the mutiny, having betrayed the country, betrayed those who were with them,...
https://t.me/rian_ru/207103
Putin says that the Wagner commanders sign a contract with the Ministry of Defense or leave f...
https://t.me/rusbrief/130636
Ukraine has received the first modular bridges from American partners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3727899-ukraina-otrimala-persi-modulni-mosti-vid-amerikanskih-partneriv.html
In Georgia, a summer camp was opened for 46 Ukrainian children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3727844-u-gruzii-vidkrili-tabir-litnij-tabir-dla-46-ukrainskih-ditej.html
Dzhemilev: Putin was brazenly lied to the "peace agreement" in Istanbul
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727901-dzemilev-putin-nahabno-brehav-sodo-mirnoi-ugodi-v-stambuli.html
In Crimea, the Russians fined two Crimean Tatars for national flags
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3727903-u-krimu-rosiani-ostrafuvali-dvoh-krimskih-tatar-za-nacionalni-prapori.html
The Crimean Tatar flag was raised before the Lviv Town Hall
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727910-pered-lvivskou-ratuseu-pidnali-krimskotatarskij-prapor.html
The Russians have stolen 8.8 thousand Ukrainians since the beginning of the invasion, more than 10,000 - disappeared
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727912-rosiani-z-pocatku-vtorgnenna-vikrali-88-tisaci-ukrainciv-ponad-10-000-znikli-bezvisti.html
Worked on an enemy in a "correctional colony": Kherson detained a collaborator
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727920-pracuvav-na-voroga-u-vipravnij-kolonii-u-hersoni-zatrimali-kolaboranta.html
The Center for Anti -misinformation reports fakes that Russians spread last week
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/czentr-protydiyi-dezinformacziyi-povidomlyaye-pro-fejky-yaki-rosiyany-poshyryuvaly-mynulogo-tyzhnya/
ATP Rating: Alaras became the first "racket" of the world
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727921-rejting-atp-alkaras-stav-persou-raketkou-svitu.html
In the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra, 15,000 objects are digitized with US equipment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3728078-u-kievopecerskij-lavri-ocifruut-15-tisac-obektiv-za-dopomogi-obladnanna-zi-ssa.html
The Government approved by Naftogaz the conditions of restructuring of Eurobonds
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3727927-urad-shvaliv-zaproponovani-naftogazom-umovi-restrukturizacii-evroobligacij.html
In Egypt, a 13 -storey building fell - under the rubble people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727929-u-egipti-vpala-13poverhova-budivla-pid-zavalami-ludi.html
Akhtem Seitablaev will shoot a feature film about outstanding Chernivtsi
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3727930-ahtem-seitablaev-znimatime-hudoznij-film-pro-vidatnih-cernivcan.html
For the State Council and the Pursuing of the Crimean Tatars will be judged in absentia by an expert protection from Crimea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3727933-za-derzzradu-ta-peresliduvanna-krimskih-tatar-zaocno-suditimut-ekspravoohoronca-z-krimu.html
In Cherkasy region in an accident with a minibus were killed four people, six more injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727936-na-cerkasini-u-dtp-z-mikroavtobusom-zaginuli-cetvero-ludej-se-sist-travmovani.html
Britain is ready for a number of scenarios for developments in Russia - Sunak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727939-britania-gotova-do-nizki-scenariiv-rozvitku-podij-u-rosii-sunak.html
The Government proposed the candidacy of the Executive Director of the Register of Damage caused by aggression of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727938-urad-zaproponuvav-kandidaturu-vikonavcogo-direktora-reestru-zbitkiv-zavdanih-agresieu-rf.html
Shmigal discussed cooperation with German Ambassador
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727940-smigal-obgovoriv-spivpracu-z-poslom-nimeccini.html
Pyres and Klyshi will play in a charity match in support of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727943-pires-ta-klisi-zigraut-u-blagodijnomu-matci-na-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
Finland after the rebellion of Prigogine increased control on the border with Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727945-finlandia-pisla-zakolotu-prigozina-posilila-kontrol-na-kordoni-z-rosieu.html
In the Kherson region, more than 80 explosive objects were found in submerged zones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727946-na-hersonsini-viavili-u-pidtoplenih-zonah-ponad-80-vibuhonebezpecnih-predmetiv.html
In Kiev in half a year, 11 circular solutions were arranged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3727947-u-kievi-za-piv-roku-roku-oblastuvali-11-kilcevih-rozvazok.html
In Odesa region, 12 settlements remain disconnected due to bad weather
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727951-na-odesini-cerez-negodu-zalisautsa-znestrumlenimi-12-naselenih-punktiv.html
Jelyalov on the Flag's Day turned to the Crimean Tatars and urged them to be ready to act
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3727952-dzelalov-u-den-prapora-zvernuvsa-do-krimskih-tatar-i-zaklikav-ih-buti-gotovimi-diati.html
Zelenskaya: We have a lot of work before, but I believe in post -traumatic growth
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3727953-zelenska-pered-nami-bagato-roboti-ale-a-viru-u-posttravmaticne-zrostanna.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
US believes that Putin is not ready to use nuclear weapons in Ukraine or anywhere
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728079-ssa-vvazaut-so-putin-ne-gotovij-zastosuvati-adernu-zbrou-v-ukraini-ci-deinde.html
What is the best quenching thirst - a nutritionist gave advice
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3727961-so-najkrase-vgamovue-spragu-dietologina-dala-poradi.html
Zelensky in Donetsk awarded the fighters of the Khortytsia troops
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727956-zelenskij-nagorodiv-bijciv-ugrupovanna-vijsk-hortica.html
The Russians fired the company in Nikopol, two people were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727959-rosiani-obstrilali-pidpriemstvo-v-nikopoli-zaginuli-dvoe-ludej.html
Ukraine studies the world experience of integration of veterans into a peaceful life - Laputin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3727960-ukraina-vivcae-svitovij-dosvid-integracii-veteraniv-do-mirnogo-zitta-laputina.html
In the Ministry of Finance this year, they predict such tax revenues that were before the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3727972-u-minfini-na-cej-rik-prognozuut-taki-podatkovi-nadhodzenna-aki-buli-do-vijni.html
In Transcarpathia, a man who tried to take the baby abroad and sell for $ 25,000 was detained
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727963-na-zakarpatti-zatrimali-colovika-akij-namagavsa-vivezti-ditinu-za-kordon-i-prodati-za-25-tisac.html
Zelensky communicated with the military at gas station in Donetsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727966-zelenskij-pospilkuvavsa-z-vijskovimi-na-zapravci-v-doneckij-oblasti.html
Business calls NERCEP to review the proposed marginal prices for electricity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3727967-biznes-zaklikae-nkrekp-pereglanuti-zaproponovani-granicni-cini-na-elektroenergiu.html
EU ministers were unable to agree on the 8th Military Assistance Package for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727971-ministri-es-ne-zmogli-pogoditi-8j-paket-vijskovoi-dopomogi-dla-ukraini.html
Up to 30 food trading violations are recorded daily in Kiev daily
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3727974-u-kievi-sodna-fiksuut-do-30-porusen-pri-torgivli-produktami-harcuvanna.html
In the Crimea, the warehouses of the invaders - social networks were caught up
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3727977-u-krimu-zagorilisa-skladi-okupantiv-socmerezi.html
In Ukraine launched an additional legal aid hotline for the missing relatives
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/v-ukrayini-zapustyly-dodatkovu-garyachu-liniyu-yurydychnoyi-dopomogy-dlya-rodychiv-znyklyh-bezvisty/
Nearly two thousand veterans will provide housing this year - Laputin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3727979-majze-dvi-tisaci-simej-veteraniv-zabezpecat-cogoric-zitlom-laputina.html
Ukrainian Nikitas became the third of Thai boxing at European Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727978-ukrainec-mikitas-stav-tretim-z-tajskogo-boksu-na-evropejskih-igrah.html
In Vienna, the amateur team of Ukrainians put a play about war and women's destinies
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3727980-u-vidni-amatorskij-kolektiv-ukrainciv-postaviv-pesu-pro-vijnu-ta-zinoci-doli.html
Informal communication between Ukrainians will help to overcome the narratives of the Russian Federation - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3727985-neformalna-komunikacia-miz-ukraincami-dopomoze-podolati-narativi-rf-ekspertka.html
In Lviv, a reconnaissance from Volhynia conducted a skin transplant
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727986-u-lvovi-rozvidniku-z-volini-proveli-peresadku-skiri.html
Kharkiv Without Loboda: A 16-year-old graduate does not believe in "respect" said by the singer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3727991-harkiv-bez-lobodi-16ricna-vipusknica-ne-virit-u-povagu-pro-aku-zaavila-spivacka.html
In the Hadzhibaya estuary, the fish and shrimp are died massively
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727989-u-hadzibejskomu-limani-masovo-gine-riba-j-krevetki.html
Restoration of Ukraine: The Ministry of Finance has named priority areas for financing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3727983-vidnovlenna-ukraini-u-minfini-nazvali-prioritetni-sferi-dla-finansuvanna.html
In Kherson region, the invaders began to dismantle and export winds
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727992-na-hersonsini-zagarbniki-pocali-demontuvati-ta-vivoziti-vitraki.html
Ukrainian Mikhailenko won another Thai boxing award at European Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727993-ukrainka-mihajlenko-zdobula-se-odnu-nagorodu-z-tajskogo-boksu-na-evropejskih-igrah.html
Hungary blocks the EU tranche if Ukraine includes OTP Bank from the "black list" - Siarto
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727995-ugorsina-rozblokue-trans-es-akso-ukraina-viklucit-otp-bank-iz-cornogo-spisku-siarto.html
Biden plans to call Zelensky again
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3728081-bajden-planue-znovu-zatelefonuvati-zelenskomu.html
In Ivano-Frankivsk there was a shooting, there is a wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3728000-v-ivanofrankivsku-stalas-strilanina-e-poranenij.html
The murder of teenagers in Berdyansk: Human rights activists consider it responsible for occupying power
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727998-ubivstvo-pidlitkiv-u-berdansku-pravozahisniki-vvazaut-vidpovidalnou-okupacijnu-vladu.html
IBM Corporation buys Apptio Cloud Services Developer for $ 4.6 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3728004-korporacia-ibm-kupue-rozrobnika-hmarnih-servisiv-apptio-za-46-milarda.html
In the east there are fights - a day more than 35 collisions in three directions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728008-na-shodi-jdut-boi-za-dobu-ponad-35-zitknen-na-troh-napramkah.html
Three Ukrainian manufacturers will receive $ 1 million for development against enemy drones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3727997-tri-ukrainski-virobniki-otrimaut-po-1-miljonu-dla-rozrobok-proti-vorozih-droniv.html
In Vienna there was an exhibition about the Kakhovsky ecocide
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3728010-u-vidni-vidbulasa-vistavka-pro-kahovskij-ekocid.html
In the Bakhmut direction of the Armed Forces, 153 invaders were eliminated, six were captured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728006-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-zsu-likviduvali-se-153-zagarbnikiv-sistoh-vzali-u-polon.html
In Mariupol, the invaders turned into a landfill river Kalchik
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3728012-u-mariupoli-zagarbniki-peretvorili-na-smittezvalise-ricku-kalcik.html
The Czech Republic has named the presidency priorities in the Visegrad Group, among them - assistance to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3728014-cehia-nazvala-prioriteti-golovuvanna-u-visegradskij-grupi-sered-nih-dopomoga-ukraini.html
Latvia stopped taking documents for all visas from the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728013-latvia-perestala-prijmati-dokumenti-na-vsi-vizi-u-rosian.html
The "Wagner" is not in Bakhmut and on its surrounding - Cherry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728017-vagnerivciv-nemae-v-bahmuti-ta-na-jogo-okolicah-cerevatij.html
The attempt of the Wagnets' rebellion testified to the weakening of the Russian state and Putin - Borrel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728018-sproba-buntu-vagnerivciv-zasvidcila-oslablenna-rosijskoi-derzavi-j-putina-borrel.html
In Rotterdam's port found cocaine for almost € 270 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728076-u-portu-rotterdama-znajsli-kokainu-majze-na-270-miljoniv.html
State Department of "Rebellion" Prigogine: We saw a direct challenge to Putin's leadership
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728053-derzdep-pro-zakolot-prigozina-mi-pobacili-pramij-viklik-liderstvu-putina.html
"The plans are a program for 3-5 billion euros for the implementation of the projects of reconstruction of the Kakhovka reservoir" - Denis Shmigal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/u-planah-programa-na-3-5-mlrd-yevro-dlya-realizacziyi-proyektiv-vidbudovy-kahovskogo-vodoshovyshha-denys-shmygal/
Storm Shadow missiles had a significant impact on the Russo-Ukrainian War-Wallace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728022-raketi-storm-shadow-znacno-vplinuli-na-perebig-rosijskoukrainskoi-vijni-volles.html
Almost 100 invaders were eliminated in the Limano -Kupyan direction per day, more than 150 were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728024-na-limanokupanskomu-napramku-za-dobu-likviduvali-majze-100-zagarbnikiv-ponad-150-poraneni.html
The army of the Russian Federation fired the village in Donetsk region, is dead and wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728027-armia-rf-obstrilala-selo-na-doneccini-e-zagiblij-ta-poranena.html
Orban: Western Balkans deserve EU membership no less than Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728025-orban-kraini-zahidnih-balkan-zaslugovuut-na-clenstvo-v-es-ne-mense-niz-ukraina.html
Kalinina lost Kasatkin in the first round of the WTA 500 tournament in Istborne
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3728030-kalinina-prograla-kasatkinij-u-persomu-koli-turniru-wta-500-v-istborni.html
In the victims of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants there are no cases of cholera - Odesa Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3728031-u-postrazdalih-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-oblastah-nemae-vipadkiv-holeri-odeska-ova.html
The EU supports the Ukrainian formula of peace and promote it in the world - Borrel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3728033-es-pidtrimue-ukrainsku-formulu-miru-ta-prosuvatime-ii-u-sviti-borrel.html
The Berdyansk authorities confirmed the death of two teenagers killed by the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3728040-vlada-berdanska-pidtverdila-smert-dvoh-pidlitkiv-akih-vbili-rosiani.html
Russia wants to stop Ukrainian offensive at any cost-painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728046-rosia-hoce-zupiniti-ukrainskij-nastup-budakou-cinou-malar.html
The Russians firing Sumy region with mortars and SAUs - more than 30 "arrivals" per day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728047-rosiani-obstriluut-sumsinu-z-minometiv-i-sau-ponad-30-prilotiv-za-den.html
Prigogine's rebellion is a challenge to Putin - British Foreign Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728048-zakolot-prigozina-e-viklikom-putinu-glava-mzs-britanii.html
As a result of the war, 8.2 million Ukrainians went abroad - Shuliak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3728049-unaslidok-vijni-za-kordon-viihali-82-miljona-ukrainciv-sulak.html
Ukrainian Bezhura is the first in fencing at European Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3728051-ukrainka-bezura-persa-u-fehtuvanni-na-evropejskih-igrah.html
Zelensky visited the leading positions of the Armed Forces in the Berdyansk direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728052-zelenskij-vidvidav-peredovi-pozicii-zsu-na-berdanskomu-napramku.html
State Department of "Rebellion" Prigogine: We saw a direct challenge to Putin's leadership
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728053-derzdep-pro-zakolot-prigozina-mi-pobacili-pramij-viklik-liderstvu-putina.html
Ukrainian military in the Melitopol direction advanced one and a half kilometers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728054-na-melitopolskomu-napramku-ukrainski-vijskovi-prosunulisa-na-pivtora-kilometra.html
In Olenivka, Ukrainian prisoners of war - Lubinets still remain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728058-v-olenivci-dosi-zalisautsa-ukrainski-vijskovopoloneni-lubinec.html
The Russians wounded two civilians in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728061-rosiani-poranili-dvoh-civilnih-na-hersonsini.html
US called allies to share information about developments in
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728065-ssa-zaklikali-souznikiv-dilitisa-informacieu-pro-rozvitok-podij-v-rosii.html
Dream platform allows every project to recover Ukraine - Shuliak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3728063-platforma-dream-dozvolae-prosteziti-kozen-proekt-vidnovlenna-ukraini-sulak.html
Defense forces in a week destroyed about 8 battalions, 34 tanks and 168 enemy artsystems
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727918-sili-oboroni-za-tizden-znisili-blizko-vosmi-bataljoniv-34-tanki-i-168-artsistem-voroga.html
The enemy applied six C-300 missiles to civilian sites in the territory of Zaporizhzhya region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/protyvnyk-zastosuvav-shist-raket-s-300-po-czyvilnyh-obyektah-na-terytoriyi-zaporizkoyi-oblasti/
The invaders throw military equipment from the left bank of Kherson region to Crimea - Khlan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728067-zagarbniki-perekidaut-vijskovu-tehniku-z-livogo-berega-hersonsini-do-krimu-hlan.html
Amsterdam changed the name "Hermitage" after rupture of connections with Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728068-v-amsterdami-zminili-nazvu-ermitazu-pisla-rozrivu-zvazkiv-z-rosieu.html
States will continue the sanction pressure on Wagner PEC - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728069-stati-prodovzat-sankcijnij-tisk-na-pvk-vagner-bilij-dim.html
Bulgaria approved a new military assistance package to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728071-bolgaria-shvalila-novij-paket-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
In the White House, they do not see the signs of "inevitable threat" of the blast of the Zaporozhye NPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728072-u-bilomu-domi-ne-bacat-oznak-neminucoi-zagrozi-pidrivu-zaporizkoi-aes.html
Putin suggested "Wagner" three options to choose from
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728077-putin-zaproponuvav-vagnerivcam-tri-varianti-na-vibir.html
In the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra, 15,000 objects are digitized with US equipment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3728078-u-kievopecerskij-lavri-ocifruut-15-tisac-obektiv-za-dopomogi-obladnanna-zi-ssa.html
US believes that Putin is not ready to use nuclear weapons in Ukraine or anywhere
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728079-ssa-vvazaut-so-putin-ne-gotovij-zastosuvati-adernu-zbrou-v-ukraini-ci-deinde.html
Biden plans to call Zelensky again
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3728081-bajden-planue-znovu-zatelefonuvati-zelenskomu.html
In Rotterdam's port found cocaine for almost € 270 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728076-u-portu-rotterdama-znajsli-kokainu-majze-na-270-miljoniv.html
The enemy focused on three directions: 36 combat clashes took place per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/vorog-zoseredyv-zusyllya-na-troh-napryamkah-za-dobu-vidbulos-36-bojovyh-zitknen/
The enemy tries to prevent the promotion of our troops in the Zaporozhye and Kherson directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/na-zaporizkomu-ta-hersonskomu-napryamkah-protyvnyk-namagayetsya-nedopustyty-prosuvannya-nashyh-vijsk/
At night, the enemy is hidden by forbidden incendiary shells in Kherson region - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/vnochi-vorog-gatyv-zaboronenymy-zapalnymy-snaryadamy-po-hersonshhyni-nataliya-gumenyuk/
Ukrainian military in the Melitopol direction advanced one and a half kilometers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728054-na-melitopolskomu-napramku-ukrainski-vijskovi-prosunulisa-na-pivtora-kilometra.html
Over the past week, the enemy's dead is almost eight times more - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/za-mynulyj-tyzhden-zagyblyh-u-voroga-majzhe-u-visim-raziv-bilshe-ganna-malyar/
The forces of defense in the south released almost 130 square meters. km of the territory - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/syly-oborony-na-pivdni-zvilnyly-majzhe-130-kv-km-terytoriyi-ganna-malyar/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Alexei Reznikov thanked Australia for a new military assistance package
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/oleksij-reznikov-podyakuvav-avstraliyi-za-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy/
Levko Lukyanenko's scholarships received 9 political prisoners in June for June
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/stypendiyi-imeni-levka-lukyanenka-za-cherven-otrymaly-9-politvyazniv/
In Olenivka, Ukrainian prisoners of war - Lubinets still remain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728058-v-olenivci-dosi-zalisautsa-ukrainski-vijskovopoloneni-lubinec.html
In military universities, they retrieve existing officers and prepare cadets on foreign production tanks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/u-vijskovyh-vyshah-perenavchayut-diyuchyh-oficzeriv-ta-gotuyut-kursantiv-na-tankah-inozemnogo-vyrobnycztva/
Briefing Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Anna Malyar for foreign press
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/bryfing-zastupnyka-ministra-oborony-ukrayiny-ganny-malyar-dlya-inozemnoyi-presy/
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: water level in the ZPEP's cooler stable
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-riven-vody-u-stavku-oholodzhuvachi-zaes-stabilnyj/
We move forward, the enemy is knocked out - Alexander Sirsky about the situation on the flanks of Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/oleksandr-syrskyj-pro-sytuacziyu-na-flangah-bahmuta-my-prosuvayemosya-vpered-vorog-vybyvayetsya/
The Prosecutor General's Office has documented more than 112,000 crimes against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/ofis-generalnogo-prokurora-zadokumentuvav-ponad-112-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-ukrayiny-2/
The Russians wounded two civilians in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728061-rosiani-poranili-dvoh-civilnih-na-hersonsini.html
"We are working on the enemy's live power to get entrenched in our infantry, I can no longer say"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/my-vidpraczovuyemo-po-zhyvij-syli-voroga-aby-zakripylas-nasha-pihota-bilshe-skazaty-ne-mozhu/
In Lithuania, the Armed Forces servicemen have passed international instructor courses
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/u-lytvi-vijskovosluzhbovczi-zsu-projshly-mizhnarodni-instruktorski-kursy/
Thank our soldiers, they deserve it - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/dyakujte-nashym-voyinam-vony-na-cze-zaslugovuyut-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Major-General Brayan Mennes congratulated the graduates of the Taras Shevchenko window
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/general-major-brayan-mennes-pryvitav-vypusknykiv-viknu-imeni-tarasa-shevchenka/
The Kakhovka reservoir was catastrophically shaken after the Russian terrorist attack at the hydroelectric power station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/kahovske-vodoshovyshhe-katastrofichno-obmililo-pislya-rosijskogo-teraktu-na-ges/
In Donetsk, volunteers handed over 10 drones and armored to defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/na-donechchyni-volontery-peredaly-zahysnykam-shhe-10-droniv-i-bronebus/
Dmytro Kuleba at the EU Council of Ministers named three conditions for the defeat of
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/dmytro-kuleba-na-radi-ministriv-yes-nazvav-try-umovy-dlya-porazky-rosiyi/
In the temporarily occupied territories of the Zaporizhzhya region children in camps are forced to write letters to the military of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/na-tymchasovo-okupovanyh-terytoriyah-zaporizkoyi-oblasti-ditej-u-taborah-zmushuyut-pysaty-lysty-vijskovym-rf/
US called allies to share information about developments in
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3728065-ssa-zaklikali-souznikiv-dilitisa-informacieu-pro-rozvitok-podij-v-rosii.html
Today is the day of the Crimean Tatar flag
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/sogodni-den-krymskotatarskogo-prapora/
The 10 arts units of the enemy in fire positions are affected
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/urazheno-10-artpidrozdiliv-voroga-na-vognevyh-pozycziyah/
In the Tavriysk direction of defense force advanced one and a half kilometers deep into the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-syly-oborony-prosunulysya-na-pivtora-kilometra-uglyb-protyvnyka/
Defense forces per day eliminated nearly 1000 invaders, destroyed 21 Artsystem and 14 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-1-000-okupantiv-znyshhyly-21-artsystemu-i-14-bbm/
In the Azov and Black Seas on the duty of 5 enemy ships, carriers of "calibers"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/v-azovskomu-i-chornomu-moryah-na-cherguvanni-5-vorozhyh-korabliv-nosiyiv-kalibriv-nemaye/
The air defense forces destroyed 13 air targets at night: 2 caliber missiles and 11 UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/syly-ppo-vnochi-znyshhyly-13-povitryanyh-czilej-2-rakety-kalibr-ta-11-bpla/
The cooperation agreement was signed by leading Ukrainian universities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/ugodu-pro-spivpraczyu-pidpysaly-providni-ukrayinski-universytety/
In the northern operating area, the construction of psychological and tactical obstacles is completed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/u-pivnichnij-operaczijnij-zoni-zaversheno-budivnycztvo-psyhologichno-taktychnyh-smug-pereshkod/
The military showed the first footage from the liberated equivalent
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/vijskovi-pokazaly-pershi-kadry-zi-zvilnenogo-rivnopolya/
There will be more military medical commissions in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/v-ukrayini-stane-bilshe-vijskovo-likarskyh-komisij/
Dream platform allows every project to recover Ukraine - Shuliak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3728063-platforma-dream-dozvolae-prosteziti-kozen-proekt-vidnovlenna-ukraini-sulak.html
During the day, the army of the Russian Federation fired 149 settlements
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/za-dobu-armiya-rf-obstrilyala-149-naselenyh-punktiv/
The Ukrainian armies won "gold", "silver" and "bronze" at the World Calling Championship among the military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/ukrayinski-armijczi-zdobuly-zoloto-sriblo-ta-bronzu-na-chempionati-svitu-zi-skelelazinnya-sered-vijskovyh/
Mobile operators reserve the phone number for close military who disappeared
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/mobilni-operatory-zarezervuyut-nomer-telefonu-dlya-blyzkyh-vijskovogo-yakyj-znyk-bezvisty/
The Ukrainian delegation in PACE recalled prisoners of war, which is held by Russia in violation of international law norms
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/ukrayinska-delegacziya-u-parye-nagadala-pro-vijskovopolonenyh-yaki-utrymuyutsya-rosiyeyu-z-porushennyam-norm-mizhnarodnogo-prava/
The Government has set the timing of the plan of measures to optimize VLK
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/uryad-vstanovyv-terminy-realizacziyi-planu-zahodiv-z-optymizacziyi-vlk/
The next attempt of the Russian special services to interact the defense of the South Ukrainian NPP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/zirvano-chergovu-sprobu-speczsluzhb-rf-rozvidaty-oboronu-pivdennoukrayinskoyi-aes/
For a week of defense forces destroyed 1 tank, 2 motor -rifle battalions and 9 Artdijios
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/za-tyzhden-syly-oborony-znyshhyly-1-tankovyj-2-motostrileczkyh-bataljony-i-9-artdyvizioniv/
EU approved the allocation of € 3.5 billion military support for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/yevrosoyuz-zatverdyv-vydilennya-e35-mlrd-vijskovoyi-pidtrymky-dlya-ukrayiny/
Air Force Air Force has been intercepted by 21 Russian aircraft near NATO airspace
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/litaky-vps-brytaniyi-perehopyly-21-rosijskyj-litak-poblyzu-povitryanogo-prostoru-nato/
Rivnoil under the control of Ukraine - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/rivnopil-pid-kontrolem-ukrayiny-ganna-malyar/
Defense forces in a week destroyed about 8 battalions, 34 tanks and 168 enemy artsystems
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727918-sili-oboroni-za-tizden-znisili-blizko-vosmi-bataljoniv-34-tanki-i-168-artsistem-voroga.html
In Donetsk, the President awarded the soldiers who distinguished themselves in Bakhmut's battles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/prezydent-nagorodyv-ta-potysnuv-ruky-voyinam-osuv-hortyczya/
The rapid de -occupation and return of Zaporizhzhya NPP to Ukrainian control is the only opportunity to prevent the terrorist acts of Russians - Andriy Yusov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/shvydka-deokupacziya-i-povernennya-zaporizkoyi-aes-pid-ukrayinskyj-kontrol-yedyna-mozhlyvist-zapobigty-terorystychnym-aktam-rosiyan-andrij-yusov/
On flagpoles near the Ministry of Foreign Ministry raised the national flag of Kimila
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/na-flagshtokah-bilya-budivli-mzs-pidnyaly-naczionalnyj-prapor-kyrymly/
On June 27 there will be a briefing of a representative of the Department of Physical Culture and Sports of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/27-chervnya-vidbudetsya-bryfing-predstavnyka-upravlinnya-fizychnoyi-kultury-i-sportu-mo-ukrayiny/
Aviation of Defense Forces has struck 6 beats by the occupants' concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-6-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv/
Armed Forces Soldiers in Britain are mastering rescue medical equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/vijskovosluzhbovczi-zsu-u-brytaniyi-opanovuyut-ryativni-medychni-tehniky/
In the Bakhmut direction, the enemy continues to take unsuccessful offensive actions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-vorog-prodovzhuye-zdijsnyuvaty-bezuspishni-nastupalni-diyi/
Inside Muscovy regime does not control the situation - Andriy Yusov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/vseredyni-moskoviyi-rezhym-ne-kontrolyuye-sytuacziyu-andrij-yusov/
At the landfills of the Republic of Belarus the combat coordination of units of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation continues
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/na-poligonah-respubliky-bilorus-tryvaye-bojove-zlagodzhennya-pidrozdiliv-zs-rf/
Denis Shmigal discussed topical issues of cooperation with Ms. German Ambassador to Ukraine Anka Felguzen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/denys-shmygal-obgovoryv-aktualni-pytannya-spivpraczi-z-pani-poslom-nimechchyny-v-ukrayini-ankoyu-feldguzen/
The Ukrainian military moved one and a half kilometers into the depths of the occupied territories in the Melitopol direction - Valery Shershn
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/ukrayinski-vijskovi-prosunulysya-na-pivtora-kilometra-v-glyb-okupovanyh-terytorij-na-melitopolskomu-napryamku-valerij-shershen/
More than UAH 200 million has allocated the government for the reconstruction of the Borodyanka-Center's rehabilitation institution
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/ponad-200-mln-grn-vydilyv-uryad-na-rekonstrukcziyu-reabilitaczijnogo-zakladu-borodyanka-czentr/
Initiative in our hands, we continue to press on the enemy - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/inicziatyva-v-nashyh-rukah-my-prodovzhuyemo-tysnuty-na-protyvnyka-sergij-cherevatyj/
When I was sitting in a cartoon, I constantly heard my brothers beating - Valery Subotin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/koly-ya-sydila-v-karczeri-postijno-chula-yak-byut-moyih-pobratymiv-valeriya-subotina/
A set of training as part of the SI Breeze Series has begun on the territory of Great Britain.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/na-terytoriyi-velykoyi-brytaniyi-rozpochavsya-kompleks-trenuvan-v-ramkah-seriyi-navchan-si-bryz/
The task of the Russian Federation now is to stop our offensive at any cost-Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/zadacha-rf-zaraz-zupynyty-nash-nastup-bud-yakoyu-czinoyu-ganna-malyar/
Drone Hackathon Results "Anti-Shahed": Three Ukrainian manufacturers will receive $ 1 million for the implementation and zoom of development against enemy UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/rezultaty-drone-hackathon-anti-shahed-try-ukrayinski-vyrobnyky-otrymayut-po-1-mln-dolariv-na-realizacziyu-ta-masshtabuvannya-rozrobok-proty-vorozhyh-bpla/
Only after returning from captivity did I find out that my husband's body was never given the occupants - "nave"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/lyshe-pislya-povernennya-z-polonu-ya-diznalasya-shho-tilo-mogo-cholovika-okupanty-tak-i-ne-viddaly-nava/
President issued a decree strengthening responsibility for improper retention of shelters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/prezydent-vydav-ukaz-pro-posylennya-vidpovidalnosti-za-nenalezhne-utrymannya-ukryttiv/
Short. War. Day 488. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/korotko-vijna-den-488-videodajdzhest/
The invaders throw military equipment from the left bank of Kherson region to Crimea - Khlan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728067-zagarbniki-perekidaut-vijskovu-tehniku-z-livogo-berega-hersonsini-do-krimu-hlan.html
President: This is a happy day - in all directions of our soldiers had a forward advance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728083-prezident-ce-saslivij-den-na-vsih-napramkah-u-nasih-voiniv-bulo-prosuvanna-vpered.html
Zelensky presented the awards to the soldiers in the leading positions of the Melitopol direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728082-zelenskij-vruciv-nagorodi-bijcam-na-peredovih-poziciah-na-melitopolskomu-napramku.html
In Ukraine almost no precipitation, day to +29 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727896-zavtra-v-ukraini-majze-bez-opadiv-vden-do-29.html
In Ukraine almost no precipitation, day to +29 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727896-zavtra-v-ukraini-majze-bez-opadiv-vden-do-29.html
Zelensky presented the awards to the soldiers in the leading positions of the Melitopol direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728082-zelenskij-vruciv-nagorodi-bijcam-na-peredovih-poziciah-na-melitopolskomu-napramku.html
President: This is a happy day - in all directions of our soldiers had a forward advance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3728083-prezident-ce-saslivij-den-na-vsih-napramkah-u-nasih-voiniv-bulo-prosuvanna-vpered.html
Families of missing persons can get free legal advice
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/27/rodyny-znyklyh-bezvisty-mozhut-otrymaty-bezkoshtovnu-yurydychnu-konsultacziyu/
The head of state visited the leading positions of Ukrainian troops in Zaporozhye
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/27/glava-derzhavy-vidvidav-peredovi-pozycziyi-ukrayinskyh-vijsk-na-zaporizhzhi/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====