乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-04-25

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

Kirovohrad region, Poltava region, Cherkasy region (14:24). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Si...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43653
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled two -year, Mryanikivka, Massutivka, Lyman first, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4578
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka, Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4579
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Markovo, Grigorivka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4580
JSC Avdiivka Directioz Rusyan Army Shelled Novokalinova, Avdiivka, Severne, Tonne, Lester ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4581
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Marinka, Victory, New ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4582
JSC Shaktarske Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Bogoyavlenko, Novoukrainka, Village, Golden No ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4583
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Novosilka, Novopil of D...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4584
Zaporizka Oblast(20:50). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43677
Donetsk Oblast(21:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43680
Donetsk Oblast(22:12). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43682
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(23:14). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43684
Minoreintegration has published algorithms of actions for families missing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/minreintegracziyi-opublikuvalo-algorytmy-dij-dlya-rodyn-znyklyh-bezvisty/
DShV artillerymen demonstrated which finale is waiting for each of the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/artylerysty-dshv-pokazaly-yakyj-final-ochikuye-na-kozhnogo-z-okupantiv/
The General Staff of the Armed Forces showed how the Netherlands is taught by Ukrainian military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/genshtab-zsu-pokazav-yak-u-niderlandah-navchayut-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/
In the capital of Slovenia, Ukrainians continued the right to free travel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/u-stolyczi-sloveniyi-ukrayinczyam-prodovzhyly-pravo-na-bezkoshtovnyj-proyizd/
We have a battalion here … - intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/mozhlyvo-u-vas-tam-umiyut-praczyuvaty-ale-u-nas-vzagali-chmoshnyky-perehoplennya-gur/
The Cabinet of Ministers of Ukraine published a reference to 20 useful services
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/kabinet-ministriv-ukrayiny-oprylyudnyv-posylannya-na-20-korysnyh-servisiv/
Our artillery destroyed three enemy Reb stations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/nasha-arta-znyshhyla-try-stancziyi-reb-voroga/
“Armored fist” that breaks the spine of a scrapeful enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/bronovanyj-kulak-yakyj-lamaye-hrebet-skazhenomu-vorogu/
During the day our warriors repulsed about 60 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/protyagom-doby-nashi-voyiny-vidbyly-blyzko-60-atak-protyvnyka/
The Russians continue to keep significant forces in border areas with Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/rosiyany-i-nadali-trymayut-znachni-syly-u-prykordonnyh-z-ukrayinoyu-rajonah/
Окупанти грабують зерно та мобілізують цивільних лікарів
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/okupanty-grabuyut-zerno-ta-mobilizuyut-czyvilnyh-likariv/
Defense forces per day eliminated nearly 700 invaders, destroyed 8 tanks and 12 artsystems
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-700-okupantiv-znyshhyly-8-tankiv-i-12-artsystem/
Армія рф вчергове обстріляла Чернігівщину: зафіксовано 13 приходів
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/armiya-rf-vchergove-obstrilyala-chernigivshhynu-zafiksovano-13-pryhodiv/
Coordinating Staff urged families of prisoners not to provide personal data to outsiders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/24/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-zaklykav-rodyny-polonenyh-ne-nadavaty-personalni-dani-storonnim-osobam/
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Klusy, Hremyach of Cherni...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4587
У Запоріжжі прогриміли вибухи - ЗМІ
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700729-u-zaporizzi-progrimili-vibuhi-zmi.html
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Topoli, Kamyanka, Krasnoye Persher, Fonolivka, New ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4588
Ворог ударив з артилерії по Марганцю й Нікополю, постраждали дві жінки
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700724-vorog-udariv-z-artilerii-po-margancu-j-nikopolu-postrazdali-dvi-zinki.html
The Government offers to apply sectoral sanctions to Iran
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700568-urad-zaproponuvav-zastosuvati-sektoralni-sankcii-do-iranu.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka, Nevske, Dibrova, Bilohorivka of Luhansk re...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4589
Ястремська зіграє з фіналісткою Вімблдона на старті тенісного турніру в Іспанії
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700723-astremska-zigrae-z-finalistkou-vimbldon-na-starti-tenisnogo-turnirui-v-ispanii.html
Zelensky: Today, a group of Yermak-Macfola introduced a document on strengthening sanctions against Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700722-zelenskij-sogodni-grupa-ermakamakfola-predstavila-dokument-sodo-posilenna-sankcij-proti-rf.html
JSC Avdiivka Directioz Rusyan Army Shelled Novokalinova, Avdiivka, Severne, Tonne, Lester ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4591
In the south of the Armed Forces, three observation points of the Russians were destroyed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700721-na-pivdni-zsu-znisili-tri-sposterezni-punkti-rosian.html
JSC Marinkon Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, Acute, St. George, Marynka, Bake ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4592
The location of the human rights activist Jepperov is still unknown - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3700718-misce-perebuvanna-pravozahisnika-dzepparova-dosi-nevidome-prezident.html
At Shaktarske direction Russian army shelled Vuhledar, Prechystivka, Velyka Novosilka and Kom...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4593
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Novosilka, Novopil of Donetsk reg...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4594
Russians fired at four Sumy region communities for a day, there is a destruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700710-rosiani-za-den-obstrilali-cotiri-gromadi-sumsini-e-rujnuvanna.html
Donetsk Oblast(10:21). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43702
In Ukraine, the Russian Federation has destroyed hundreds of churches, as well as more than 60 museums and galleries - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700715-v-ukraini-rf-zrujnuvala-sotni-cerkov-a-takoz-ponad-60-muzeiv-ta-galerej-zelenskij.html
The European Commission proposes to prohibit the import of agricultural products from Ukraine in five EU countries by the end of the year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700714-evrokomisia-proponue-zaboroniti-import-agroprodukcii-z-ukraini-u-pat-krain-es-do-kinca-roku.html
Russia has to lose, otherwise will lose the world - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700713-rosia-mae-prograti-inakse-bude-progras-svitu-zelenskij.html
The SBU detained Russian agents - one of them urged to strike "Satan" on the countries of the event
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700489-sbu-zatrimala-rosijskih-agentiv-odin-z-nih-zaklikav-udariti-satanou-po-krainah-zahodu.html
President: Each manifestation of Russian terror - additional arguments that everything should end in the tribunal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700712-prezident-kozen-proav-teroru-rf-dodatkovi-argumenti-so-vse-mae-zaversitis-u-tribunali.html
Gironi Tsigankova has overcome Real Lunin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700709-zirona-cigankova-peregrala-real-lunina.html
States with allies restrain the impact of Wagner PVC on different continents - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700703-stati-iz-souznikami-strimuut-vpliv-pvk-vagner-na-riznih-kontinentah-derzdep.html
In the processes of reintegration of Crimea, youth - Kornienko should be actively involved
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3700707-u-procesah-reintegracii-krimu-mae-brati-aktivnu-ucast-molod-kornienko.html
In the area of earthquake in Turkey continue to collapse houses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700706-u-zoni-zemletrusu-v-tureccini-prodovzuut-obvaluvatisa-budinki.html
Ukrainian border guards "prank" Belarusians - turn on the alarm signal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700704-ukrainski-prikordonniki-prankuut-bilorusiv-vmikaut-signal-povitranoi-trivogi.html
Ukraine will act on its secret plan if weapons are powerful - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700702-ukraina-diatime-za-svoim-sekretnim-planom-akso-postacanna-zbroi-budut-potuznimi-danilov.html
UEFA Champions League Matches plan to hold in the US
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700698-matci-ligi-cempioniv-uefa-planuut-provoditi-u-ssa.html
Russia has increased the number of rocket carriers in the Black Sea, total volley - 24 "calibra"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700695-rosia-zbilsila-kilkist-raketonosiiv-u-cornomu-mori-zagalnij-zalp-24-kalibri.html
European countries will increase gas imports from Azerbaijan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700692-evropejski-kraini-zbilsat-import-gazu-z-azerbajdzanu.html
The Government will introduce new standards for military service - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700691-urad-zaprovadit-novi-standarti-obslugovuvanna-vijskovih-smigal.html
Berb Boycott was a "false show" of Lavrov on the UN Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700689-berbok-bojkotuvala-brehlive-sou-lavrova-na-radbezi-oon.html
In Zaporozhye the evacuation of the main collaborators - the head of the Nikopol RVA began
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700687-na-zaporizzi-pocalas-evakuacia-golovnih-kolaborantiv-kerivnik-nikopolskoi-rva.html
Kanatovo airfield shelling: the court was taken into custody
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700688-obstril-aerodromu-kanatove-sud-uzav-pid-vartu-oficera-cervinskogo-zmi.html
Power is developing a new economic strategy of Ukraine - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700686-vlada-napracovue-novu-ekonomicnu-strategiu-ukraini-zelenskij.html
Diplomats of 18 countries visited the Khanenko Museum in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3700684-diplomati-18-krain-vidvidali-muzej-hanenkiv-u-kievi.html
The number of victims of religious cult in Kenya has increased to 89
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700682-kilkist-zertv-religijnogo-kultu-v-kenii-zrosla-do-89.html
The UN Human Rights Office reminded that the death of a prisoner is a war crime
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700727-v-upravlinni-oon-z-prav-ludini-nagadali-so-strata-polonenogo-e-voennim-zlocinom.html
Poltavska Oblast(08:07). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/10886
Sumy region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region (08:08). Red Alrt: ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43690
Nikolaev, Mykolaiv region, Kherson, Kherson region (08:48). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. WITH...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43696
Explosions were reported in Tokmak, Zaporizhzhia region
https://t.me/Tsaplienko/30478
1 person killed, 10 wounded as result of Russian missile strike at museum in central Kupiansk...
https://t.me/kharkivlife/59984
Russian army conducted 6 missile strikes, 62 airstrikes and 70 shelling with MLRS, - General ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4586
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Markovo, Grigorivka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4590
Shelling reported in central Kherson
https://twitter.com/kava2022/status/1650781883515404291
Second body was found at the site of Russian missile strike in Kupiansk
https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/25-april-second-body-was-found-at-the-site-of-russian-missile
Zaporizka Oblast, Donetsk Oblast(13:24). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cove...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43706
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(13:33). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43707
Electrical power line damaged as result of shelling in Cheremoshnoye village of Belgorod regi...
https://t.me/rusbrief/111847
Donetsk Oblast(15:04). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43711
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(15:07). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43712
Zaporizka Oblast(15:53). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43713
Zaporizka Oblast(20:23). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43718
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(20:46). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43719
Explosions were reported in Sloviansk and Kramatorsk
https://t.me/novosti_donbass24/46003
Air defense is reportedly active in Zaporizhzhia
https://t.me/war_monitor/6831
An electronic survey on changing the names of a number of streets has begun in Odessa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700542-v-odesi-rozpocalosa-elektronne-opituvanna-pro-zminu-nazv-nizki-vulic.html
The MKIP commission surveyed two more buildings of the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700543-komisia-mkip-obstezila-se-dva-korpusi-kievopecerskoi-lavri.html
Increasing the protected area of the Holosiivsky National Park will help to preserve ecosystems there - experts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3700546-zbilsenna-zapovidnoi-zoni-nacparku-golosiivskij-spriatime-zberezennu-tam-ekosistem-eksperti.html
In Kropyvnytskyi, a new chairman of the regional council was elected
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700549-u-kropivnickomu-obrali-novogo-golovu-oblasnoi-radi.html
Direct budget support from the EU this year reached € 6 billion - Ministry of Finance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700547-prama-budzetna-pidtrimka-vid-es-cogoric-sagnula-6-milardiv-minfin.html
In Mykolaiv region, a representative of the religious community was exposed, which justified the armed aggression of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700548-na-mikolaivsini-vikrili-predstavnicu-religijnoi-gromadi-aka-vipravdovuvala-zbrojnu-agresiu-rf.html
SESU requires at least 60 machines of mechanized demining
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700550-dsns-potrebue-sonajmense-60-masin-mehanizovanogo-rozminuvanna.html
The movie "Butterfly Vision" has already collected more than half a million hryvnia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3700551-film-bacenna-metelika-vze-zibrav-u-prokati-ponad-piv-miljona-griven.html
Adaptation to EU norms: Zelensky signed a law to simplify internal air transportation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700554-adaptacia-do-norm-es-zelenskij-pidpisav-zakon-dla-sprosenna-vnutrisnih-aviaperevezen.html
In Ukraine, quarantine was continued through Covid-19 by July
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700567-v-ukraini-prodovzili-karantin-cerez-covid19-do-lipna.html
In the Kyiv region, the traffic of the pontoon crossing to Ivankov was restored
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700560-na-kiivsini-vidnovili-ruh-pontonnou-perepravou-do-ivankova.html
Ukrainian singer and teacher Mikhail Slivotsky died
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3700555-pomer-ukrainskij-spivak-ta-pedagog-mihajlo-slivockij.html
The external environment told about the threat in the event of an accident at the occupied Zaporizhzhia NPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700559-eksministr-dovkilla-rozpoviv-pro-zagrozu-u-vipadku-avarii-na-okupovanij-zaporizkij-aes.html
The decision of the Russian Federation to place tactical nuclear weapons in Belarus is a hybrid offensive - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700561-risenna-rf-rozmistiti-takticnu-adernu-zbrou-u-bilorusi-e-gibridnou-nastupalnou-operacieu-ekspert.html
Ukraine and the world are against Russian aggression. Sanctions in action
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-sankcziyi-v-diyi-11/
Yastremskaya made his way into the main grid of the tournament in Madrid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700562-astremska-probilasa-v-osnovnu-sitku-turniru-v-madridi.html
Since May for most Ukrainians, subsidies will be re -assigned to automatically
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700563-iz-travna-dla-bilsosti-ukrainciv-subsidii-perepriznacat-avtomaticno.html
Nino Katamadze will hold two charity concerts in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3700569-nino-katamadze-provede-dva-blagodijni-koncerti-v-kievi.html
In the UK there was a regional congress of the Ukrainian Youth Union
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3700565-u-velikij-britanii-vidbuvsa-krajovij-zizd-spilki-ukrainskoi-molodi.html
In the Dnieper, doctors rescued the military who hit the bullet in the head
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700570-u-dnipri-likari-vratuvali-vijskovogo-akomu-kula-vlucila-v-golovu.html
SpaceX will launch 46 starlink satellites
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3700574-spacex-zapustit-se-46-suputnikiv-starlink.html
Ternopil region received medical assistance from the Czech Government
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700572-ternopilsina-otrimala-medicnu-dopomogu-vid-uradu-cehii.html
Savings Bank renewed the work of two branches in Donetsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700575-osadbank-ponoviv-robotu-dvoh-viddilen-na-doneccini.html
The expert advises to start a conversation with partners to open the second front against the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700573-ekspert-radit-rozpocati-rozmovu-z-partnerami-pro-vidkritta-drugogo-frontu-proti-rf.html
Banks-bankrupt in March paid over one billion hryvnias to creditors
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700576-bankibankruti-u-berezni-viplatili-kreditoram-ponad-milard-griven.html
ARMA is looking for managers for companies related to Rosneft and Rosatom
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700577-arma-sukae-upraviteliv-dla-kompanij-aki-povazani-z-rosneftu-ta-rosatomom.html
Famous rivals of Ukrainian women at a tennis tournament in Madrid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700580-vidomi-supernici-ukrainok-na-turniri-v-madridi.html
Border guards in the melee repelled Russian attack in Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700583-prikordonniki-u-bliznomu-bou-vidbili-rosijsku-ataku-v-bahmuti.html
USAID's program will send $ 1.5 million to support women in business
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700584-programa-usaid-spramue-15-miljona-na-pidtrimku-zinok-u-biznesi.html
Russia's aggressive behavior must be stopped once and for all - Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700586-agresivna-povedinka-rosii-mae-buti-zupinena-raz-i-nazavzdi-stoltenberg.html
The Polish Airlines LOT refused to take on board Russian tennis player
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700591-polska-aviakompania-lot-vidmovilasa-vzati-na-bort-rosijsku-tenisistku.html
NATO integration remains for Georgia a higher priority - Garibashvili
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700592-integracia-v-nato-zalisaetsa-dla-gruzii-visim-prioritetom-garibasvili.html
In Canada, Diaspora organized a concert of the Ukrainian ethnic group of Cossack Siromakh
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3700587-u-kanadi-diaspora-organizuvala-koncert-ukrainskogo-etnospivaka-kozaka-siromahi.html
Last year, more than 66 thousand men of conscript age used permission to travel abroad - TSC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700594-torik-ponad-66-tisac-colovikiv-prizovnogo-viku-vikoristali-dozvil-na-viizd-za-kordon-tsk.html
Defense forces: The enemy has increased the Armed Forces in the Tavriya direction - 500 times in two days
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700597-sili-oboroni-vorog-zbilsiv-artobstrili-zsu-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-500-raziv-za-dva-dni.html
Venislavsky: The Wagnets' confession will help to hold military criminals justice
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700598-venislavskij-ziznanna-vagnerivciv-dopomozut-pritagnuti-do-vidpovidalnosti-voennih-zlocinciv.html
Putin opened Pandora's "box" by attacking Ukraine - President of the Austrian Parliament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700602-putin-vidkriv-skrinku-pandori-napavsi-na-ukrainu-prezident-parlamentu-avstrii.html
Nothing to do with reality: the painter commented on the "cinema" scripts of counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700604-nicogo-spilnogo-z-realnistu-malar-prokomentuvala-kinosni-scenarii-kontrnastupu.html
Commander OB ’ United forces visited the positions of defense forces in Sumy region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/komanduvach-obyednanyh-syl-vidvidav-pozycziyi-syl-oborony-v-sumskij-oblasti/
Turkish light fighter made its first flight
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3700605-tureckij-legkij-vinisuvac-zdijsniv-svij-persij-polit.html
Sports from tyrants cannot be neutral: a deputy about the possible involvement of the Russian Federation and Belarus in the Olympics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700606-sport-u-tiraniv-ne-moze-buti-nejtralnim-deputatka-pro-mozlivu-ucast-rf-i-bilorusi-v-olimpiadi.html
The Fencing Federation of Ukraine asks Switzerland court to stop execution of the FIE decision
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700607-federacia-fehtuvanna-ukraini-podala-zaavu-do-sudu-lozanni.html
South Africa before Putin's possible visit declared exit from the International Criminal Court
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700609-par-pered-mozlivim-vizitom-putina-zaavila-pro-vihid-iz-miznarodnogo-kriminalnogo-sudu.html
In Kropyvnytskyi, five soldiers were spent on the last way
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700610-u-kropivnickomu-proveli-v-ostannu-put-cotiroh-voiniv.html
The first batch of metro cars from Polish partners will arrive in Kiev from Warsaw
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3700620-do-kieva-z-varsavi-pribude-persa-partia-vagoniv-metro-vid-polskih-partneriv.html
After de -occupation in Crimea, a military administration must be created - Tasheva
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3700613-pisla-deokupacii-krimu-na-pivostrovi-mae-buti-stvorena-vijskova-administracia-taseva.html
Stefanchuk discussed the defensive needs of Ukraine with the Czech President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700614-stefancuk-obgovoriv-iz-prezidentom-cehii-oboronni-potrebi-ukraini.html
Klitschko in the US will take part in the summit of North and South America cities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3700616-klicko-u-ssa-vizme-ucast-v-samiti-mist-pivnicnoi-ta-pivdennoi-ameriki.html
The Government has approved a plan of implementation of barrier -free decisions for 2023 - 2024
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700617-urad-uhvaliv-plan-vprovadzenna-bezbarernih-risen-na-2023-2024-roki.html
In occupied Crimea, demographic situation is deteriorating - MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3700621-v-okupovanomu-krimu-pogirsuetsa-demograficna-situacia-deputatka.html
The Russians in Zaporozhye were picking up with anthrax - torn the cattlemo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700623-rosiani-na-zaporizzi-pidcepili-sibirsku-virazku-rozrili-skotomogilnik.html
In "Action" you can now cancel the proper user of the car
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3700624-u-dii-vidteper-mozna-skasuvati-naleznogo-koristuvaca-avtomobila.html
Children Film Fest has announced the date and format of holding
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3700633-cildren-kinofest-ogolosiv-datu-i-format-provedenna.html
Obama publicly supported Baiden's decision to go on the second presidential term
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700627-obama-publicno-pidtrimav-risenna-bajdena-jti-na-drugij-prezidentskij-termin.html
Europe needs Ukrainian agricultural goods - Solsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700628-evropi-potribni-ukrainski-silskogospodarski-tovari-solskij.html
French runner ran the fastest in history marathon with his back forward
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700629-francuzkij-bigun-probig-najsvidsij-v-istorii-marafon-spinou-vpered.html
Cannes will show the movie "Where where" about evacuation from the dangerous territories of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3700632-u-kannah-pokazut-film-zvidki-kudi-pro-evakuaciu-z-nebezpecnih-teritorij-ukraini.html
Border Guards staged an "inflammatory weekend" in Bakhmut, which became the last for the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/prykordonnyky-vlashtuvaly-zapalnyj-vikend/
At the Kherson region with a light of 156 out of 228 settlements
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700625-na-deokupovanij-hersonsini-zi-svitlom-156-iz-228-naselenih-punktiv.html
Erdogan handed the team of Ukrainian rescuers a thanksgiving medal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700634-erdogan-vruciv-komandi-ukrainskih-ratuvalnikiv-medal-podaki.html
Defense forces repelled 36 Russian attacks in three directions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700635-sili-oboroni-vidbili-36-rosijskih-atak-na-troh-napramkah.html
The ISS and Europol have concluded an agreement to intensify cooperation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700636-mks-ta-evropol-uklali-ugodu-sodo-posilenna-spivpraci.html
The Finnish City of Imatra became Nizhyn's brother
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700639-finske-misto-imatra-stalo-pobratimom-nizina.html
The Commissioner from the missing person does not take care of the exchange
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700611-upovnovazenij-zi-zniklih-bezvisti-ne-opikuetsa-obminom-polonenimi-minreintegracii.html
Moscow covers political movements of collaborators in L/DNR - a human rights activist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700641-moskva-zgortae-politicni-ruhi-kolaborantiv-u-ldnr-pravozahisnik.html
Russian troops were fired again by Orihkhs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700642-vijska-rf-znovu-obstrilali-orihiv.html
The participants of the Army Recovery Project were paid ₴ 100 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3700643-ukraina-viplatila-ucasnikam-proektu-armii-vidnovlenna-100-miljoniv.html
The Ministry of Finance has placed the T -bills for another 16.3 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700644-minfin-rozmistiv-ovdp-se-na-163-milarda.html
Teachers' salary should depend on qualification - forest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700646-riven-zarplati-vciteliv-mae-zalezati-vid-kvalifikacii-lisovij.html
WACS started a preparatory meeting in Rotterdam+
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700645-vaks-rozpocav-pidgotovce-zasidanna-u-spravi-rotterdam.html
Molchanov will play in the quarterfinals of the soil tournament ATP in Italy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700650-molcanov-zigrae-u-cvertfinali-gruntovogo-turniru-atp-v-italii.html
More than a million places for displaced persons were created in Ukraine - TSC report
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700653-v-ukraini-stvorili-ponad-miljon-misc-dla-prozivanna-pereselenciv-zvit-tsk.html
The holder is preparing for safety measures for the ZPP after de -occupation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700654-derzatom-gotuetsa-do-bezpekovih-zahodiv-na-zaes-pisla-deokupacii.html
Drift fans can be presented not only in Kiev - police
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700656-u-policii-ne-viklucaut-so-povistki-lubitelam-driftu-vrucatimut-ne-lise-u-kievi.html
The invaders hit mortars on the border of Sumy and Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700657-zagarbniki-vdarili-z-minometiv-po-prikordonnu-sumsini-ta-cernigivsini.html
In the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra opened the traveling exhibition "At the Circle"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700662-u-kievopecerskij-lavri-vidkrilas-mandrivna-vistavka-na-zlami.html
Britain and France have questioned the "neutrality" of Russian and Belarusian athletes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700640-britania-i-francia-postavili-pid-sumniv-nejtralnist-rosijskih-ta-biloruskih-sportsmeniv.html
The European Parliament proposed a shared defense order for EU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700659-u-evroparlamenti-zaproponuvali-instrument-spilnogo-oboronnogo-zamovlenna-dla-es.html
Vorskla is leading in the UPL season by the number of penalties punched
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700660-vorskla-lidirue-u-sezoni-upl-za-kilkistu-probitih-penalti.html
The National Police recorded almost 200 hits of Russian ammunition in the territory of Zaporozhye
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/naczpolicziya-zafiksuvala-majzhe-200-vluchan-rosijskyh-boyeprypasiv-po-terytoriyi-zaporizhzhya/
In Ukraine, anti -dumping legislation will be updated - Getmantsev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700663-v-ukraini-onovlat-antidempingove-zakonodavstvo-getmancev.html
Zaluzhni showed the work of arthravnuts on the front
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700666-zaluznij-pokazav-robotu-artrozvidnikiv-na-fronti.html
The Council pay attention to the need to regulate the sphere of humanitarian aid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700668-u-radi-zvertaut-uvagu-na-neobhidnist-vreguluvati-sferu-gumanitarnoi-dopomogi.html
Cartoon "Mavka. Forest Song »will be shown in Ukrainian on the big screens of the USA and Canada
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3700669-multfilm-mavka-lisova-pisna-pokazut-ukrainskou-na-velikih-ekranah-ssa-i-kanadi.html
The Ministry of Reintegration named the first first steps of Ukraine in Crimea after de -occupation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3700670-u-minreintegracii-nazvali-pat-persih-krokiv-ukraini-v-krimu-pisla-deokupacii.html
Wax has appointed Trukhanov pledge of over 30 million - the center of counteraction to corruption
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700677-vaks-priznaciv-truhanovu-zastavu-u-ponad-30-miljoniv-centr-protidii-korupcii.html
In Ukraine tomorrow up to 19 ° warm, in times of rain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700582-v-ukraini-zavtra-do-19-tepla-miscami-dosi.html
Determined applicants to accept the women's football championship in 2027
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700675-viznacilisa-pretendenti-prijnati-zinocij-cempionat-svitu-z-futbolu-u-2027-roci.html
In Kherson region, civilians were completely forbidden to use vessels - ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700680-na-hersonsini-civilnim-povnistu-zaboronili-koristuvatisa-plavzasobami-ova.html
Ukrzaliznytsia has warned the failure of the application and the delayed portal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700681-ukrzaliznica-poperedila-pro-zboi-v-roboti-zastosunku-ta-portalu-vidstezenna-zapiznen.html
From service in the army to one's own business: how the state supports veterans
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/vid-sluzhby-v-armiyi-do-vlasnogo-biznesu-yak-derzhava-pidtrymuye-veteraniv/
The number of victims of religious cult in Kenya has increased to 89
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700682-kilkist-zertv-religijnogo-kultu-v-kenii-zrosla-do-89.html
Diplomats of 18 countries visited the Khanenko Museum in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3700684-diplomati-18-krain-vidvidali-muzej-hanenkiv-u-kievi.html
Kostyshyn left the position of head coach of Kazakhstan "Aksa"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700683-kostisin-zalisiv-posadu-golovnogo-trenera-kazahstanskogo-aksu.html
Power is developing a new economic strategy of Ukraine - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700686-vlada-napracovue-novu-ekonomicnu-strategiu-ukraini-zelenskij.html
Kanatovo airfield shelling: the court was taken into custody
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700688-obstril-aerodromu-kanatove-sud-uzav-pid-vartu-oficera-cervinskogo-zmi.html
In Zaporozhye the evacuation of the main collaborators - the head of the Nikopol RVA began
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700687-na-zaporizzi-pocalas-evakuacia-golovnih-kolaborantiv-kerivnik-nikopolskoi-rva.html
Berb Boycott was a "false show" of Lavrov on the UN Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700689-berbok-bojkotuvala-brehlive-sou-lavrova-na-radbezi-oon.html
The Government will introduce new standards for military service - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700691-urad-zaprovadit-novi-standarti-obslugovuvanna-vijskovih-smigal.html
European countries will increase gas imports from Azerbaijan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700692-evropejski-kraini-zbilsat-import-gazu-z-azerbajdzanu.html
Russia has increased the number of rocket carriers in the Black Sea, total volley - 24 "calibra"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700695-rosia-zbilsila-kilkist-raketonosiiv-u-cornomu-mori-zagalnij-zalp-24-kalibri.html
UEFA Champions League Matches plan to hold in the US
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700698-matci-ligi-cempioniv-uefa-planuut-provoditi-u-ssa.html
Ukraine will act on its secret plan if weapons are powerful - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700702-ukraina-diatime-za-svoim-sekretnim-planom-akso-postacanna-zbroi-budut-potuznimi-danilov.html
47 applications have been submitted by veterans and families of the victims in the contest #should "do your own"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/47-zayavok-podaly-veterany-ta-rodyny-zagyblyh-u-ramkah-konkursu-varto-robyty-svoye/
Ukrainian border guards "prank" Belarusians - turn on the alarm signal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3700704-ukrainski-prikordonniki-prankuut-bilorusiv-vmikaut-signal-povitranoi-trivogi.html
In the area of earthquake in Turkey continue to collapse houses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700706-u-zoni-zemletrusu-v-tureccini-prodovzuut-obvaluvatisa-budinki.html
In the processes of reintegration of Crimea, youth - Kornienko should be actively involved
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3700707-u-procesah-reintegracii-krimu-mae-brati-aktivnu-ucast-molod-kornienko.html
States with allies restrain the impact of Wagner PVC on different continents - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700703-stati-iz-souznikami-strimuut-vpliv-pvk-vagner-na-riznih-kontinentah-derzdep.html
Gironi Tsigankova has overcome Real Lunin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700709-zirona-cigankova-peregrala-real-lunina.html
President: Each manifestation of Russian terror - additional arguments that everything should end in the tribunal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700712-prezident-kozen-proav-teroru-rf-dodatkovi-argumenti-so-vse-mae-zaversitis-u-tribunali.html
The SBU detained Russian agents - one of them urged to strike "Satan" on the countries of the event
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3700489-sbu-zatrimala-rosijskih-agentiv-odin-z-nih-zaklikav-udariti-satanou-po-krainah-zahodu.html
Russia has to lose, otherwise will lose the world - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700713-rosia-mae-prograti-inakse-bude-progras-svitu-zelenskij.html
The European Commission proposes to prohibit the import of agricultural products from Ukraine in five EU countries by the end of the year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3700714-evrokomisia-proponue-zaboroniti-import-agroprodukcii-z-ukraini-u-pat-krain-es-do-kinca-roku.html
In Ukraine, the Russian Federation has destroyed hundreds of churches, as well as more than 60 museums and galleries - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700715-v-ukraini-rf-zrujnuvala-sotni-cerkov-a-takoz-ponad-60-muzeiv-ta-galerej-zelenskij.html
Russians fired at four Sumy region communities for a day, there is a destruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700710-rosiani-za-den-obstrilali-cotiri-gromadi-sumsini-e-rujnuvanna.html
What are the veteran entrepreneurship tax benefits
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/yaki-podatkovi-pilgy-u-sferi-veteranskogo-pidpryyemnycztva/
The location of the human rights activist Jepperov is still unknown - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3700718-misce-perebuvanna-pravozahisnika-dzepparova-dosi-nevidome-prezident.html
In the south of the Armed Forces, three observation points of the Russians were destroyed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700721-na-pivdni-zsu-znisili-tri-sposterezni-punkti-rosian.html
Zelensky: Today, a group of Yermak-Macfola introduced a document on strengthening sanctions against Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3700722-zelenskij-sogodni-grupa-ermakamakfola-predstavila-dokument-sodo-posilenna-sankcij-proti-rf.html
Yastremskaya will play with Wimbledon's finalist at the start of a tennis tournament in Spain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3700723-astremska-zigrae-z-finalistkou-vimbldon-na-starti-tenisnogo-turnirui-v-ispanii.html
The enemy hit the artillery on manganese and Nikopol, two women were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700724-vorog-udariv-z-artilerii-po-margancu-j-nikopolu-postrazdali-dvi-zinki.html
In Zaporozhye, explosions were thickened - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700729-u-zaporizzi-progrimili-vibuhi-zmi.html
The UN Human Rights Office reminded that the death of a prisoner is a war crime
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700727-v-upravlinni-oon-z-prav-ludini-nagadali-so-strata-polonenogo-e-voennim-zlocinom.html
Information landfills are spreading a manipulative "news" about responsibility for evasion of mobilization
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/informaczijni-smitnyky-poshyryut-manipulyatyvnu-novynu-pro-vidpovidalnist-za-uhylennya-vid-mobilizacziyi/
Always brave!Psychological obstacle traffic trains physical skills and moral resilience
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/zavzhdy-vidvazhni-psyhologichna-smuga-pereshkod/
Without pity and fear: military weekdays
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/bez-zhalyu-ta-strahu-voyenni-budni-bijcziv-okremoyi-girsko-shturmovoyi-brygady/
"Saber": a new remote-rooted fire complex
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/shablya-novyj-dystanczijno-kerovanyj-vognevyj-kompleks/
Russian terrorist Prigogine tries to earn the loyalty of Russians - CPD
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/rosijskyj-teroryst-prygozhyn-namagayetsya-zasluzhyty-loyalnist-rosiyan-czpd/
Frames of work "Bakhmut's Ghosts" - SCO snipers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/kadry-roboty-pryvydiv-bahmutu-snajperiv-sso/
In the liberated territories, government banks continue to restore work
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/na-zvilnenyh-terytoriyah-prodovzhuyut-vidnovlyuvaty-robotu-derzhavni-banky/
Ukrainian aviation has struck the enemy anti-aircraft missile complexes and its concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/ukrayinska-aviacziya-zavdala-udariv-po-zenitno-raketnyh-kompleksah-voroga/
Ministry of Veterans will create a memorial to all defenders of Ukraine - Yulia Laputina
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/memorial-usim-zahysnykam-ukrayiny-stvoryt-minveteraniv/
The most fierce battles continue for Bakhmut and Marinka - the General Staff of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/najzapeklishi-boyi-tryvayut-za-bahmut-ta-maryinku/
The occupiers deploy military hospitals in civilian hospitals
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/okupanty-rozgortayut-vijskovi-shpytali-na-terytoriyi-czyvilnyh-likaren/
Rashists conducted new raids on the search for guerrillas in occupied Crimea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/okupanty-shukayut-partyzaniv-u-krymu-provely-novi-rejdy/
The Council of Europe Action Plan for Ukraine "Stability. Restoration. Reconstruction"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/prezentovanyj-plan-dij-rady-yevropy-dlya-ukrayiny-stijkist-vidnovlennya-vidbudova/
Enemy loss per day: almost 700 invaders were eliminated, 14 artisystems and 24 UAVs were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-majzhe-700-okupantiv-znyshheno-14-artsystem-i-24-bpla/
Bakhmut's defenders have been handed a hundred drones purchased at United24
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/zahysnykam-bahmuta-peredano-sotnyu-droniv-prydbanyh-za-koshty-united24/
Crimes committed by Rosarmia in Ukraine should not go unpunished - Commissioner of the Council of Europe
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/zlochyny-skoyeni-rosarmiyeyu-v-ukrayini-ne-povynni-zalyshytysya-bezkarnymy-komisarka-rady-yevropy/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-3/
The countries that make peaceful proposals should see aggression through the eyes of Ukrainians that are bombarded by the Russian Federation - Josep Borrel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/krayinam-yaki-vysuvayut-myrni-propozycziyi-slid-pobachyty-agresiyu-ochyma-ukrayincziv-yakyh-bombarduye-rf-zhozep-borrel/
The Kremlin already has a plan to explain to the Russian society the loss of Crimea - Kirill Budanov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/kreml-vzhe-maye-plan-yak-poyasnyty-rosijskomu-suspilstvu-vtratu-krymu-kyrylo-budanov/
Estonia Prime Minister in Bucha: There should be no immunity for crimes of
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/premyerka-estoniyi-u-buchi-ne-povynno-buty-imunitetu-za-zlochyny-rosiyi/
For NCCC cybersecurity experts, he has been trained to protect the energy sector
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/dlya-fahivcziv-z-kiberbezpeky-nkczk-proviv-navchannya-shhodo-zahystu-energetychnogo-sektoru/
Head of State on Kupjanskaya: the Russian Federation is doing everything to destroy us - our history, culture, people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/glava-derzhavy-pro-obstril-kup%ca%bcyanska-rf-robyt-use-shhob-znyshhyty-nas-nashu-istoriyu-kulturu-lyudej/
On the website of the Defense Ministry launched an online course on Crimea's de-occupation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/na-sajti-minoborony-zapustyly-onlajn-kurs-pro-deokupacziyu-krymu/
The first training complex with Takmed was launched
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/zapraczyuvav-pershyj-navchalno-trenuvalnyj-kompleks-iz-takmedu/
Ambassadors of 27 EU countries called on Russia to withdraw troops from Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/posly-27-krayin-yes-zaklykaly-rosiyu-vyvesty-vijska-z-ukrayiny/
Three aircraft and more than 400 explosive items were neutralized
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/try-aviabomby-ta-ponad-400-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-zneshkodyly-pirotehniky-dsns-za-dobu/
I do not believe that NATO is a future without Ukraine - Lithuanian Foreign Minister
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/ya-ne-viryu-shho-v-nato-ye-majbutnye-bez-ukrayiny-ministr-zakordonnyh-sprav-lytvy/
126 of the settlements of Ukraine fired Rosarmia per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/126-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-obstrilyala-rosarmiya-za-dobu/
Sergey Naev: The Russian Federation holds about 17 thousand people in two border areas and Belarus
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/sergij-nayev-rf-trymaye-blyzko-17-tysyach-osib-u-dvoh-prykordonnyh-oblastyah-ta-bilorusi/
A successful rescue operation to evacuate citizens from Sudan
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/provedeno-uspishnu-ryatuvalnu-operacziyu-z-evakuacziyi-gromadyan-iz-terytoriyi-sudanu/
The EU has allocated to Ukraine another one and a half billion euros of macro -financial assistance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/yevrosoyuz-vydilyv-ukrayini-shhe-pivtora-milyardy-yevro-makrofinansovoyi-dopomogy/
For many years we have talked to Russia patiently. However, it was a conversation with the wall - the premieres of Poland, Slovakia and the Czech Republic
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/bagato-rokiv-my-terplyache-rozmovlyaly-z-rosiyeyu-odnak-cze-bula-rozmova-zi-stinoyu-premyery-polshhi-slovachchyny-ta-chehiyi/
Russia increased the number of its ships in the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/rosiya-zbilshyla-kilkist-svoyih-korabliv-u-chornomu-mori-2/
Supply from partner countries of modern aircraft will change the situation in the sky-Sergey Naev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/postachannya-vid-krayin-partneriv-suchasnyh-litakiv-zminyt-sytuacziyu-u-nebi-sergij-nayev/
The enemy comes in the east simultaneously in several directions - Alexander Sirsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/vorog-nastupaye-na-shodi-odnochasno-na-dekilkoh-napryamkah-oleksandr-syrskyj/
The plan to win Ukraine in three days was transformed into 9-month-old attempts around a small city-Alexander Sirsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/plan-zavoyuvaty-ukrayinu-za-try-dni-transformuvavsya-u-9-misyachni-sproby-dovkola-nevelykogo-mista-oleksandr-syrskyj/
Three pseudo -departments of the so -called "Administration of May Day District of DNR" reported suspicion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/trom-psevdoposadovczyam-tak-zvanoyi-administracziyi-pershotravnevogo-rajonu-dnr-povidomleno-pro-pidozru/
The corrector who "cited" the Artudar of the Russian Federation on military units was detained in the Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/zatrymano-koryguvalnyka-yakyj-navodyv-artudary-rf-po-vijskovyh-obyektah-na-donechchyni/
Alexander Syrsky told why it is important to keep Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/oleksandr-syrskyj-rozpoviv-chomu-vazhlyvo-utrymuvaty-bahmut/
In the Limano-Kupyan direction, the enemy beats records by using the means of defeat-Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/na-lymano-kupyanskomu-napryamku-vorog-bye-rekordy-za-vykorystannyam-zasobiv-urazhennya-sergij-cherevatyj/
The Supreme Commander -in -Chief Staff summed up the meeting in Ramstein format
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/na-stavczi-verhovnogo-golovnokomanduvacha-pidbyly-pidsumky-zustrichi-u-formati-ramshtajn/
The Ministry of Defense will improve regulatory regulation of state aviation activity of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/u-minoborony-udoskonalyuvatymut-normatyvno-pravove-regulyuvannya-diyalnosti-derzhavnoyi-aviacziyi-ukrayiny/
In each brigade (regiment) the enemy was assault detachments "Storm"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/u-kozhnij-brygadi-polku-voroga-sformovano-shturmovi-zagony-shtorm/
Bakhmut became the final border for the criminal group "Wagner" - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/bahmut-stav-kinczevym-rubezhem-dlya-zlochynnogo-ugrupovannya-vagner-sergij-cherevatyj/
The enemy was unable to get dominance in the air due to the work of our means of air lesions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/protyvnyk-ne-zmig-zdobuty-panuvannya-v-povitri-zavdyaky-roboti-nashyh-zasobiv-protypovitryanogo-urazhennya/
Ukrainian defenders do not allow the enemy to gain control of the supply routes to Bakhmut - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-ne-dayut-vorogu-zdobuty-kontrol-nad-shlyahamy-postachannya-v-bahmut-sergij-cherevatyj/
No one in the world has the right to destroy the peace and life of people - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/nihto-u-sviti-ne-maye-prava-rujnuvaty-myr-ta-zhyttya-lyudej-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
The price of each brick in Bakhmut for the enemy is enormous - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/czina-kozhnoyi-czeglyny-u-bahmuti-dlya-voroga-kolosalna-sergij-cherevatyj/
The Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada is foreign colleagues: it is important to create a special journey about Russian crimes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/golova-verhovnoyi-rady-inozemnym-kolegam-dlya-ukrayiny-ye-vazhlyvym-stvorennya-specztrybunalu-shhodo-zlochyniv-rf/
The army of the Russian Federation again fired at the border of Sumy region and Chernihiv region from mortars
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/armiya-rf-vchergove-obstrilyala-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-ta-chernigivshhyny-z-minometiv/
It is not necessary to guess when the counter -offensive of Ukraine - you need to do everything for its victory - the Foreign Minister of Lithuania
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/ne-varto-gadaty-koly-vidbudetsya-kontrnastup-ukrayiny-potribno-robyty-use-dlya-yiyi-peremogy-glava-mzs-lytvy/
Sergey Naev: The most effective motivator for defenders of Ukraine is the destruction of the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/sergij-nayev-najdiyevishyj-motyvator-dlya-zahysnykiv-ukrayiny-znyshhennya-voroga/
Alexei Dmitrashkivsky told about changes in the tactics of the enemy in the Tavriysk direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/oleksij-dmytrashkivskyj-rozpoviv-pro-zminy-taktyky-voroga-na-tavrijskomu-napryamku/
More than 17,000 crimes against National Security have documented the Office of Prosecutor General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/ponad-17-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-naczbezpeky-ukrayiny-zadokumentuvav-ofis-genprokurora/
Representatives of the Armed Forces of Ukraine won five medals at the European Athletics Championships
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/predstavnyczi-zs-ukrayiny-zdobuly-pyat-medalej-na-chempionati-yevropy-z-vazhkoyi-atletyky/
Slovakia supported Ukraine with the status of a candidate for EU membership - Ruslan Stefanchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/slovachchyna-pidtrymala-nadannya-ukrayini-statusu-kandydata-na-chlenstvo-v-yes-ruslan-stefanchuk/
6 enemy associates that spread the Kremlin narratives about the war in Ukraine were detained
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/zatrymano-6-vorozhyh-poplichnykiv-shho-poshyryuvaly-kremlivski-naratyvy-pro-vijnu-v-ukrayini/
Ukroboronprom entered the TOP-10 employers of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/ukroboronprom-uvijshov-v-top-10-robotodavcziv-ukrayiny/
Ukroboronprom entered the TOP-10 employers of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/ukroboronprom-uvijshov-v-top-10-robotodavcziv-ukrayiny/
11 kolabiar educators who were engaged in Russification of captured schools in Mariupol were exposed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/vykryto-11-osvityan-kolaborantiv-yaki-zajmalys-rusyfikacziyeyu-zahoplenyh-shkil-u-mariupoli/
The government proposes to introduce sectoral sanctions against Iran for 50 years
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/uryad-proponuye-vvesty-sektoralni-sankcziyi-proty-iranu-na-50-rokiv/
In Russia, they are preparing for the Third World War - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/na-rosiyi-gotuyutsya-do-tretoyi-svitovoyi-vijny-perehoplennya-gur/
The enemy has inflicted 2 missile and 6 aviation strikes in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/vorog-zavdav-2-raketnyh-ta-6-aviaczijnyh-udariv-po-terytoriyi-ukrayiny/
The enemy focuses major efforts on Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/protyvnyk-zoseredzhuye-osnovni-zusyllya-na-bahmutskomu-avdiyivskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah/
The enemy fired at more than 30 settlements in Zaporizhzhya and Kherson directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/vorog-obstrilyav-ponad-30-naselenyh-punktiv-na-zaporizkomu-ta-hersonskomu-napryamkah/
The occupiers continue the maroodes and destroy children's educational institutions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/okupanty-prodovzhuyut-maroderyty-ta-nyshhyty-dytyachi-osvitni-zaklady/
Fans of the Russian world have been informed of a new suspicion for calls for genocide
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/shanuvalnyku-russkogo-myra-povidomleno-pro-novu-pidozru-za-zaklyky-do-genoczydu/
The occupiers require a passport of Russian Federation in exchange for "free food" of children in schools
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/na-tot-okupanty-vymagayut-vid-batkiv-pasport-rf-v-obmin-na-bezkoshtovne-harchuvannya-ditej-u-shkolah/
Six settlements have been identified where a comprehensive recovery on new principles will take place - Denis Shmigal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/vyznacheno-shist-naselenyh-punktiv-de-vidbuvatymetsya-kompleksne-vidnovlennya-za-novymy-prynczypamy-denys-shmygal/
In Mykolaiv region, a local resident was exposed that justified the armed aggression of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/na-mykolayivshhyni-vykryto-misczevu-meshkanku-yaka-vypravdovuvala-zbrojnu-agresiyu-rf/
Within the Anthocks of the Convention, the devastating impact of Russian aggression on the environmental situation in Ukraine is recognized
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/v-mezhah-orhuskoyi-konvencziyi-vyznano-rujnivnyj-vplyv-agresiyi-rf-na-ekologichnu-sytuacziyu-v-ukrayini/
We will not arrange "witch hunting" in Crimea, but all criminals and traitors have to answer - Tamila Tashava
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/my-ne-vlashtovuvatyme-v-krymu-polyuvannya-na-vidom-ale-vsi-zlochynczi-ta-zradnyky-mayut-vidpovisty-tamila-tasheva/
The OSCE Bureau in Copenhagen discussed the issues of the Russian Federation against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/na-byuro-pa-obsye-u-kopengageni-obgovoryly-pytannya-vijny-rf-proty-ukrayiny/
Every manifestation of Russian terror is additional arguments that everything should end in the tribunal - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/kozhen-proyav-rosijskogo-teroru-cze-dodatkovi-argumenty-shho-vse-maye-zavershytys-u-trybunali-prezydent-ukrayiny/
The team of Ukrainian rescuers received a thanks medal from Turkish President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/komanda-ukrayinskyh-ryatuvalnykiv-otrymala-medal-podyaky-vid-prezydenta-turechchyny/
Yermak-Macfola International Expert Group has presented a new plan for strengthening sanctions against Russia-Presidential Office Head
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/25/mizhnarodna-ekspertna-grupa-yermaka-makfola-predstavyla-novyj-plan-dij-shhodo-posylennya-sankczij-proty-rosiyi-kerivnyk-ofisu-prezydenta/
The crisis of agricultural imports should be resolved on the basis of solidarity with Ukraine - the EU Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3700730-krizu-agrarnogo-importu-slid-virisuvati-na-zasadah-solidarnosti-z-ukrainou-rada-es.html
State Department: States are watching for military cooperation of the DPRK and
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3700708-stati-pilnuut-za-jmovirnimi-postacannami-zbroi-z-kndr-do-rosii-derzdep.html
A private spacecraft from Japan could not land for a month
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3700711-privatnij-kosmicnij-korabel-z-aponii-ne-zmig-zdijsniti-posadku-na-misac.html
The occupiers doubled the number of rocket carriers in the Black Sea - OK "South"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/26/okupanty-podvoyily-kilkist-raketonosiyiv-u-chornomu-mori-ok-pivden/
Baltic countries and Poland are clearly aware of the threat that Russia continues
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/26/baltijski-krayiny-i-polshhi-chitko-usvidomlyuyut-zagrozu-yaku-prodovzhuye-nesty-rosiya/
General Staff showed the combat work of one of the brigades
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/26/genshtab-pokazav-bojovu-robotu-odniyeyi-z-brygad/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====