乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-03

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

Poltavska Oblast(14:32). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/10984
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(12:30). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/14968
JSC Sivershchyna And Slobozhanshchina Directions Ruscian Army Shelled Leonivka, Red Farm, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4658
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Fyholivka, Zapadne, Lyman Pershyy, Kyslivka, Kupya...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4659
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka, Dibrova, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4660
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarka, Grigory ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4661
Av Avdeevka Directions Russian Army Sheled Lastochkin, north, Pervomayska And Karlivka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4662
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Heorhiyivka of Donetsk region, - General Staff of ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4663
At Shakhtarske direction Russian army shelled Vuhledar, Bohoyavlenka and Novoukrayinka of Don...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4664
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Novosilka, Novopil of D...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4665
Russian army conducted 19 missile strikes, 17 airstrikes and 25 shelling with MLRS, - General...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4657
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4666
Kyiv(23:14). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/KyivCityOfficial/6574
Kyiv Oblast(23:15). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44255
Zaporizka Oblast(23:34). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44258
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(23:56). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44259
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(00:14). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24449
Donetsk Oblast(00:14). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44261
Ukrainian Air defense is active
https://t.me/ermaka2022/2558
Air defense is active near Kyiv
https://t.me/kievreal1/40071
Explosions reported in Zaporizhzhia
https://t.me/lachentyt/28869
Poltavska Oblast(00:28). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44262
More explosions were audible in Dnipro city, possible due to air defense work
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/41023
Air defense is engaging aerial targets in Kyiv region again
https://t.me/lachentyt/28871
Air defense is shooting drones in Kyiv and Poltava regions
https://t.me/war_monitor/7017
Kirovohrad region, Cherkasy region (00:57). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding. So...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44264
Another explosion was reported in Kyiv
https://t.me/lachentyt/28873
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(02:08). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44266
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(02:41). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44268
Explosions were reported in Cherkasy and Kirovograd regions
https://t.me/war_monitor/7021
Oil depot at Taman near Kerch strait is on fire
https://t.me/war_monitor/7024
A meeting with families of captured Marines took place at the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodynamy-polonenyh-morskyh-pihotyncziv/
Condemned Kharkiv, who gave the enemy the position of air defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/zasudzheno-harkivyanyna-yakyj-zdavav-vorogu-pozycziyi-ppo/
The occupier complains of forced fund raising in the unit - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/okupant-skarzhytsya-na-prymusovyj-zbir-koshtiv-u-pidrozdili-perehoplennya-gur/
"White Angels" provided bread of all residents of the frontal village of Tornsky Liman Community
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/bili-yangoly-zabezpechyly-hlibom-vsih-meshkancziv-pryfrontovogo-sela-torske-lymanskoyi-gromady/
We develop innovations and cybersecurity: Ukraine and Japan have signed a memorandum of cooperation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/rozvyvayemo-innovacziyi-ta-kiberbezpeku-ukrayina-ta-yaponiya-pidpysaly-memorandum-pro-spivpraczyu/
Coordinating Headquarters on Defense of Prisoners
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-z-pytan-povodzhennya-z-vijskovopolonenym-proviv-vyyiznu-zustrich-z-predstavnykamy-globsec/
Narrative of the day from the Russian media: "Our main task: to defeat all enemies"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/naratyv-dnya-vid-rosijskyh-zmi-nashe-golovne-zavdannya-zavdaty-porazky-vsim-vorogam/
Президент України нагородив захисників за особисту мужність і самовідданість
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/prezydent-ukrayiny-nagorodyv-zahysnykiv-za-osobystu-muzhnist-i-samoviddanist/
Aviation of Defense Forces struck seven blows on the positions of the invaders and destroyed the UAV "Orlan-10"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-sim-udariv-po-pozycziyah-okupantiv-ta-znyshhyla-bpla-orlan-10/
The occupiers are reinforcing counterintelligence and police regimes to Tot
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/okupanty-posylyuyut-kontrrozviduvalnyj-ta-policzejskyj-rezhymy-na-tot/
Defense forces repelled 41 attacks in Liman, Bakhmut, Avdiiv and Mariinsky directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/syly-oborony-vidbyly-41-ataku-na-lymanskomu-bahmutskomu-avdiyivskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah/
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated nearly 500 invaders, destroyed 9 artistem
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-9-artsystem/
Alexei Reznikov had a telephone conversation with the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Iceland - thanked for his support
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/oleksij-reznikov-mav-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-ministrom-zakordonnyh-sprav-islandiyi-podyakuvav-za-pidtrymku/
The Council supported the construction of the National Military Cemetery in Bykivna
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/rada-pidtrymala-budivnycztvo-naczionalnogo-vijskovogo-kladovyshha-u-bykivni/
In Kharkiv presented a Ukrainian UAV called Sirko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/02/u-harkovi-prezentuvaly-pershyj-ukrayinskyj-bpla-pid-nazvoyu-sirko/
JSC Marinka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Victory Andes Novomikhai ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4673
Epicenter fire in Kherson: Three company workers were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704319-obstril-epicentru-v-hersoni-zaginuli-troe-pracivnikiv-kompanii.html
At Shakhtarske direction Russian army shelled Novoukrainka and Prechistenka of Donetsk region...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4674
The EU will give Ukraine ammunition for € 2 billion - shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704284-es-nadast-ukraini-boepripasiv-na-2-milardi-smigal.html
Stefanchuk discussed the Integration of Ukraine into the EU and NATO Parliament with the chairman of Parliament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704279-stefancuk-obgovoriv-iz-golovou-parlamentu-portugalii-integraciu-ukraini-do-es-ta-nato.html
As a result of the shelling of Kherson region, 16 people were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704280-unaslidok-obstriliv-hersonsini-zaginuli-16-ludej.html
The enemy fired 11 times the border of Sumy region, there is a wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704422-vorog-11-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-e-poranenij.html
The cultural program of Ukraine at Eurovision will be held under the slogan "For what we are fighting" - Dzhaparova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3704244-kulturna-programa-ukraini-na-evrobacenni-prohoditime-pid-gaslom-za-so-mi-boremosa-dzaparova.html
Podolyak - About the situation on the ZPP: Russians are looking for steps to escalation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704420-podolak-pro-situaciu-na-zaes-rosiani-sukaut-krokiv-do-eskalacii.html
Shakhtar and Dynamo are in the UEFA top 50 club rating
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3704418-sahtar-ta-dinamo-vhodat-do-top50-klubnogo-rejtingu-uefa.html
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Hasychivka, Yeline, Blesh...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4668
President thanked New Zealand for expanding assistance for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704417-prezident-podakuvav-novij-zelandii-za-rozsirenna-dopomogi-dla-ukraini.html
Ukrainian guerrillas prepare "gifts" to the Russians in Lugansk - the center of the National Research
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3704295-ukrainski-partizani-gotuut-podarunki-rosianam-u-lugansku-centr-nacsprotivu.html
As a result of a night rocket attack in Zaporozhye, 44 homes are damaged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3704416-vnaslidok-nicnoi-raketnoi-ataki-u-zaporizzi-poskodzeni-44-budinki.html
Drone attack on the Kremlin: The White House commented on the probability of provocation by the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704415-ataka-droniv-na-kreml-u-bilomu-domi-zgadali-pro-operacii-pid-falsivim-praporom.html
Agrarians buy distillery from the states to make modern enterprises - shurma
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3704412-agrarii-kupuut-u-derzavi-spirtzavodi-sob-zrobiti-z-nih-sucasni-pidpriemstva-surma.html
Kondratyuk spoke for the development of relations with Israel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704408-kondratuk-vislovilasa-za-rozvitok-vidnosin-z-izrailem.html
Ukraine's junior team will perform at the French stage of European Cup with Judo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703643-uniorska-zbirna-ukraini-vistupit-na-francuzkomu-etapi-kubka-evropi-z-dzudo.html
Ukraine's junior team will perform at the French stage of European Cup with Judo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703643-uniorska-zbirna-ukraini-vistupit-na-francuzkomu-etapi-kubka-evropi-z-dzudo.html
Zelensky thanked the US for a new defense package
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704409-zelenskij-podakuvav-ssa-za-novij-paket-oboronnoi-dopomogi.html
Zelensky thanked the US for a new defense package
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704409-zelenskij-podakuvav-ssa-za-novij-paket-oboronnoi-dopomogi.html
In Ukraine tomorrow will rain in the western and northern regions, in the afternoon up to 20 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3704156-v-ukraini-zavtra-dositime-u-zahidnih-i-pivnicnih-oblastah-vden-do-20.html
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Krasne Pershe, Fyholivka, Novomlynsk, Lyman Pershy...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4669
Pentagon revealed the content of a new help pack for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704403-pentagon-rozkriv-vmist-novogo-paketa-dopomogi-dla-ukraini.html
In the Kyiv region, systematic testing will be conducted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3704402-na-kiivsini-provedut-kontrolne-testuvanna-sistemnogo-opovisenna.html
Zelensky has negotiated with the premieres of Sweden, Denmark, Iceland and Finland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704405-zelenskij-proviv-peregovori-z-premerami-svecii-danii-islandii-ta-finlandii.html
Juventus beat "Lechche" and went second in series A
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3704400-uventus-obigrav-lecce-i-vijsov-na-druge-misce-u-serii-a.html
Juventus beat "Lechche" and went second in series A
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3704400-uventus-obigrav-lecce-i-vijsov-na-druge-misce-u-serii-a.html
Russians placed in the 4th block of military equipment and explosives
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704399-rosiani-rozmistili-v-4mu-bloci-zaes-vijskovu-tehniku-ta-vibuhivku.html
Podolyak compared Medvedev with an "empty barrel" from a Finnish saying
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704398-podolak-porivnav-medvedeva-z-poroznou-bockou-z-finskoi-prikazki.html
Reznikov thanked the European Commission for the decision to increase the supply of ammunition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704395-reznikov-podakuvav-evrokomisii-za-risenna-zbilsiti-postacanna-boepripasiv.html
Two IAEA inspections were successfully conducted at Rivne NPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3704390-na-rivnenskij-aes-uspisno-proveli-dvi-inspekcii-magate.html
Russians killed two Donetsk residents in a day, nine people were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704391-rosiani-za-den-ubili-dvoh-ziteliv-doneccini-devatero-ludej-poraneni.html
The State Property Fund will again put on bidding electronmash
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3704388-fond-derzmajna-znovu-vistavit-na-torgi-elektronmas.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka of Luhansk region and Bilohorivka, Verkhnok...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4670
Sweden will support Ukraine on the way to EU membership - Prime Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704386-svecia-pidtrimuvatime-ukrainu-na-slahu-do-clenstva-v-es-premer.html
The Ministry of Finance intends to restore medium -term budget planning
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3704383-minfin-mae-namir-vidnoviti-serednostrokove-budzetne-planuvanna.html
The EU has denied Russian fakes about large -scale weapons trade in connection with the war in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704382-u-es-sprostuvali-rosijski-fejki-pro-masstabnu-torgivlu-zbroeu-u-zvazku-z-vijnou-v-ukraini.html
The EU has denied Russian fakes about large -scale weapons trade in connection with the war in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704382-u-es-sprostuvali-rosijski-fejki-pro-masstabnu-torgivlu-zbroeu-u-zvazku-z-vijnou-v-ukraini.html
As a result of the shelling of Kherson region, 21 people were already killed, 48 were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704316-unaslidok-obstrilu-hersonsini-vze-zaginulo-17-ludej.html
As a result of the shelling of Kherson region, 21 people were already killed, 48 were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704316-unaslidok-obstrilu-hersonsini-vze-zaginulo-17-ludej.html
Restoration of the Ukrainian Agrosector: The Ministry of Agrarian Policy hopes to cooperate with the state of Utah
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3704380-vidnovlenna-ukrainskogo-agrosektoru-minagropolitiki-spodivaetsa-na-spivpracu-zi-statom-uta.html
JSC Avdiivka Directioz Rusian Army Shelled Novokalinova, Avdiivka, Severne, Tonyne, Charles ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4672
Ukrainian air defense shot down 21 of 26 Shahed drones overnight
https://t.me/kpszsu/2494
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(08:15). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44281
Harciw, Harkiv region, Poltavska region (08:21). Red Alert: Aerial Threat. Siren Sundin ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44283
Donetsk Oblast(08:39). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44284
Drones attacked airfield in Seshcha overnight
https://t.me/bbcrussian/45587
Donetsk Oblast(09:50). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44290
Chernihivska Oblast(10:11). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18202
Sumska Oblast(10:12). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44292
3 person killed, 5 wounded as result of shelling at Epicenter shopping mall in Kherson
https://t.me/hueviyherson/38826
Russian army conducted 3 missile strikes, 39 airstrikes and over 63 shelling with MLRS, - Gen...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4667
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarka, Grigory ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4671
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4676
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka and Novosilka of Donetsk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4675
in Helsinki, President of Ukraine Zelensky Meets with the President of Finland, Saula Ninenist.
https://t.me/ukrpravda_news/30123
Zaporizka Oblast(14:00). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12570
Explosive drone hit Kremlin in Moscow last night
https://t.me/bbbreaking/154452
Kremlin’s spokesperson: Putin was not at the Kremlin when 2 drones hit it
https://t.me/bbbreaking/154449
Solsky discussed with Romanian colleague transit of Ukrainian agro -products
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3704232-solskij-obgovoriv-z-rumunskim-kolegou-tranzit-ukrainskoi-agroprodukcii.html
Russian troops attacked the village managed by the village in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704238-vijska-rf-atakuvala-kerovanimi-aviabombami-selo-na-hersonsini.html
One third of companies suffered up to $ 1 million losses due to hostilities - Eva
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3704235-tretina-kompanij-zaznala-do-1-miljona-vtrat-unaslidok-bojovih-dij-eva.html
The Russians twice fired the border of Chernihiv and Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704236-rosiani-dvici-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini-ta-sumsini.html
Ukraine may change the conditions of vacation - the bill has passed the first reading
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3704240-v-ukraini-mozut-zminitisa-umovi-nadanna-vidpustok-zakonoproekt-projsov-perse-citanna.html
In the Kherson Regional Council, two deputies - Sobolevsky were expelled from the "Servant of the People" faction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3704241-u-hersonskij-oblradi-viklucili-z-frakcii-sluga-narodu-dvoh-deputativ-sobolevskij.html
Zelensky met with Finland Parliament Speaker and Norway Government
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704253-zelenskij-zustrivsa-zi-spikerom-parlamentu-finlandii-ta-glavou-uradu-norvegii.html
The invaders "nationalized" and put up for sale 700 enterprises in Crimea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3704243-zagarbniki-nacionalizuvali-ta-vistavili-na-prodaz-700-pidpriemstv-u-krimu.html
In Kherson region, eight people were already killed through enemy shelling on May 3
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704247-na-hersonsini-cerez-vorozi-obstrili-3-travna-vze-zaginuli-vosmero-ludej.html
UPL: Chernomorets defeated Kolos and Zorya overcame "Veres"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3704249-upl-cornomorec-rozgromiv-kolos-a-zora-zdolala-veres.html
The vast majority of journalists believe that the Ukrainian media is censorship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3704250-absolutna-bilsist-zurnalistiv-vvazaut-so-v-ukrainskih-zmi-e-cenzura.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
Ukrainian Svitolina won Bonaventure in the second round of the tournament WTA 125
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3704255-ukrainka-svitolina-peremogla-bonaventur-u-drugomu-koli-turniru-wta-125.html
In the Zaporozhye direction, the invaders strengthen positions in anticipation of a counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704256-na-zaporizkomu-napramku-zagarbniki-ukripluut-pozicii-v-ocikuvanni-kontrnastupu.html
In Ukraine, a special fund for energy efficiency projects - the President signed the law
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3704258-v-ukraini-stvorat-specfond-dla-proektiv-energoefektivnosti-prezident-pidpisav-zakon.html
Discussion on the expediency of receiving Ukrainian passports is damaging information -security - Vereshchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3704259-diskusia-sodo-docilnosti-otrimanna-ukraincami-pasportiv-rf-skodit-informbezpeci-veresuk.html
Ukraine and the EU have agreed to continue "economic visa waiver" for another year - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3704263-ukraina-i-es-domovilisa-prodovziti-ekonomicnij-bezviz-ise-na-rik-smigal.html
Srna - about the unplanned ball "mina": from Var would be easier
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3704262-srna-pro-nezarahovanij-mac-minaa-iz-var-bulo-b-legse.html
Lithuania joins the Creation of the Council of Europe of the Register of damage caused by Russia to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704265-litva-priednuetsa-do-stvorenna-radou-evropi-reestru-skodi-zavdanoi-rosieu-ukraini.html
Grain Corridor exports in a week decreased by 31% - UKAB
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3704270-eksport-zernovim-koridorom-za-tizden-skorotivsa-na-31-ukab.html
In the south of air defense destroyed four enemy drones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704271-na-pivdni-ppo-znisila-cotiri-vorozi-bezpilotniki.html
In Nikolaev, reservoirs are exchanged with the help of an underwater drone and a hydrographic apparatus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3704272-u-mikolaevi-rozminovuut-vodojmi-za-dopomogou-pidvodnogo-drona-ta-gidrograficnogo-aparata.html
The regional council explained why they are introduced for a long curfew in Kherson
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3704275-glava-ova-poasniv-comu-zaprovadzuut-dovgu-komendantsku-godinu-v-hersoni.html
Russia will be forced to negotiate with Ukraine because it will not be able to win - General Millie
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704274-rosia-bude-zmusena-vesti-peregovori-z-ukrainou-bo-ne-zmoze-peremogti-general-milli.html
G7 finance ministers in Japan will discuss response to Russian war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3704277-ministri-finansiv-g7-u-aponii-obgovorat-reaguvanna-na-spricineni-vijnou-rf-vikliki.html
The Ukrainian ribbon "We will not extinguish" received the award at the Film Festival in Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3704278-ukrainska-stricka-mi-ne-zgasnemo-otrimala-nagorodu-na-kinofestivali-v-nimeccini.html
As a result of the shelling of Kherson region, 16 people were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704280-unaslidok-obstriliv-hersonsini-zaginuli-16-ludej.html
Stefanchuk discussed the Integration of Ukraine into the EU and NATO Parliament with the chairman of Parliament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704279-stefancuk-obgovoriv-iz-golovou-parlamentu-portugalii-integraciu-ukraini-do-es-ta-nato.html
The EU will give Ukraine ammunition for € 2 billion - shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704284-es-nadast-ukraini-boepripasiv-na-2-milardi-smigal.html
Presidents of Syria and Iran met in Damascus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3704286-prezidenti-sirii-ta-iranu-zustrilis-u-damasku.html
Above Ukraine today can see the solar galo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3704287-nad-ukrainou-sogodni-mozna-pobaciti-sonacne-galo.html
Lviv IT cluster has transferred 75 Starlink systems for the needs of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3704288-lvivskij-itklaster-peredav-75-sistem-starlink-dla-potreb-zsu.html
The NBU has canceled licenses with four non -bank financial institutions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3704292-nbu-anuluvav-licenzii-cotirom-nebankivskim-finustanovam.html
Slovakia will hand over to Ukraine energy equipment for a million euros
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3704293-slovaccina-peredast-ukraini-energoobladnanna-na-miljon-evro.html
At the UN urge the parties to the conflict in Sudan to ensure the protection of the Humdog
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3704294-v-oon-zaklikaut-storoni-konfliktu-u-sudani-zabezpeciti-zahist-gumdopomogi.html
Joint press conference of Zelensky and participants of the northern Europe summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704310-spilna-preskonferencia-zelenskogo-ta-ucasnikiv-samitu-krain-pivnicnoi-evropi.html
In Svyatoshinsky district, the CNAP unit was launched
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3704297-u-svatosinskomu-rajoni-zapracuvav-pidrozdil-cnapu.html
Messi will leave "PSG" at the end of the season - journalist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3704298-messi-zalisit-psz-v-kinci-sezonu-zurnalist.html
In Kharkiv, the tractor driver exploded on an anti -tank mini
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3704299-na-harkivsini-traktorist-pidirvavsa-na-protitankovij-mini.html
In Zhytomyr, they create a wooden sculpture dedicated to the 95th Brigade
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3704300-u-zitomiri-stvoruut-derevanu-skulpturu-prisvacenu-95ij-brigadi.html
In Gostomel in Kyiv region found a grenade
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3704303-u-gostomeli-na-kiivsini-znajsli-bojovu-granatu.html
The US cannot confirm the statements of the Russian Federation about the alleged attempts of Ukraine to hit the Kremlin - Blinken
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704312-ssa-ne-mozut-pidtverditi-zaavi-rf-pro-nibito-sprobi-ukraini-vdariti-po-kremlu-blinken.html
Norway handed over to special vehicles to Odessa and Kherson rescuers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3704304-norvegia-peredala-specavtomobili-odeskim-ta-hersonskim-ratuvalnikam.html
Portugal can assist Ukraine in rapprochement with the countries of the Global South - the head of the Assembly
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704305-portugalia-moze-dopomogti-ukraini-u-zblizenni-z-krainami-globalnogo-pivdna-golova-asamblei.html
The firing of a station in Kherson: The life of a wounded conductor is nothing threatening
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3704306-obstril-vokzalu-v-hersoni-zittu-poranenogo-providnika-nicogo-ne-zagrozue.html
In Kharkiv, a Sirko reconnaissance drone was created - it can be produced massively
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3704313-u-harkovi-stvorili-bezpilotnikrozvidnik-sirko-jogo-mozna-viroblati-masovo.html
With the onset of a full -scale war among media, the number of self -censorship cases has increased
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3704264-z-pocatkom-povnomasstabnoi-vijni-sered-zurnalistiv-zrosla-kilkist-vipadkiv-samocenzuri.html
Canada has expanded sanctions against Iran
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3704314-kanada-rozsirila-sankcii-proti-iranu.html
Zelensky about the Kremlin's drones: We did not attack neither Putin nor Moscow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704318-zelenskij-pro-udar-bezpilotnikiv-po-kremlu-mi-ne-atakuvali-ani-putina-ani-moskvu.html
Podkuraev called the probable risks to freedom of speech in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3704315-poturaev-nazvav-imovirni-riziki-dla-svobodi-slova-v-ukraini.html
In Europe during the raid against the mafia, more than 100 people were detained
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3704237-u-evropi-pid-cas-rejdu-proti-mafii-zatrimali-ponad-100-osib.html
Canada has handed over $ 16 million to Ukraine for demining
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3704324-kanada-peredala-ukraini-obladnanna-dla-rozminuvanna-na-16-miljoniv.html
The modular town in Gostomel is filled by almost 85% - philanthropist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3704325-modulne-mistecko-u-gostomeli-zapovnene-majze-na-85-blagodijnik.html
Ignatus commented on the "drone attack" on the Kremlin - apparently UFO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704326-ignat-prokomentuvav-ataku-droniv-na-kreml-mabut-nlo.html
Ukraine will restore electronic declaration in June - Stephanyshyn
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704327-ukraina-vidnovit-elektronne-deklaruvanna-u-cervni-stefanisina.html
Ukrnafta wants to get the arrested assets of Kolomoisky - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3704333-ukrnafta-hoce-otrimati-v-upravlinna-arestovani-aktivi-kolomojskogo-zmi.html
The NSHU presented the booklet "Shot Freedom of Speech"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3704335-nszu-prezentuvala-buklet-rozstrilana-svoboda-slova.html
Defense forces reflected about 30 Russians attacks in four directions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704336-sili-oboroni-vidbili-blizko-30-atak-rosian-na-cotiroh-napramkah.html
A joint statement of the Summit of Ukraine - Northern Europe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704340-spilna-zaava-samitu-ukraina-pivnicna-evropa.html
Mastercard's excluder has become a new President of the World Bank
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3704342-ekskerivnik-mastercard-adzaj-banga-stav-novim-prezidentom-svitovogo-banku.html
A Ukrainian Boulevard called Discover Ukraine will act on Eurovision
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3704337-na-evrobacenni-diatime-ukrainskij-bulvar-pid-nazvou-discover-ukraine.html
Kuleba welcomes the EU decision on € 500 million to production of ammunition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704341-kuleba-vitae-risenna-es-pro-500-miljoniv-na-virobnictvo-boepripasiv.html
Ukraine will send pilots to study immediately after the decision to provide F-16-Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704350-ukraina-napravit-pilotiv-na-navcanna-vidrazu-pisla-risenna-pro-nadanna-f16-ignat.html
Determined the rival of Yastremskaya in the 1/8 finals of the WTA tournament in Spain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3704346-viznacilasa-supernica-astremskoi-na-turniri-wta-v-ispani.html
All kinds of troops will have their separate reward medals - Reznikov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704345-usi-vidi-vijsk-matimut-svoi-okremi-nagorodni-medali-reznikov.html
The Kremlin attack was commissioned by Russian oligarchs - Arahamia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3704349-ataku-na-kreml-zdijsnili-na-zamovlenna-rosijskih-oligarhiv-arahamia.html
Zelensky is convinced that NATO will soon have 33 countries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704354-zelenskij-perekonanij-so-nato-nevdovzi-nalicuvatime-z-33-kraini.html
The storm in the Black Sea forced Russia to "hide" ships - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704351-storm-u-cornomu-mori-zmusiv-rosiu-shovati-korabli-gumenuk.html
Ignatus named the number of enemy aircraft firing Ukraine from the territory of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704356-ignat-nazvav-kilkist-vorozih-litakiv-aki-obstriluut-ukrainu-z-teritorii-rf.html
Zelensky: We have no Putin's messages for a long time
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704355-zelenskij-mi-niaki-mesedzi-putinu-vze-davno-ne-vidpravlaemo.html
The Russians twice fired Nikopol from artillery, wounded woman
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704360-rosiani-dvici-obstrilali-nikopol-z-artilerii-poranena-zinka.html
Northern Europe supports the Ukrainian formula of peace and should be heard in Moscow - President of Finland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704362-pivnicna-evropa-pidtrimue-ukrainsku-formulu-miru-i-ce-maut-pocuti-u-moskvi-prezident-finlandii.html
The International Union of Cyclists returned to the Russians and Belarusians to speeches
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3704363-miznarodnij-souz-velosipedistiv-povernuv-rosian-ta-bilorusiv-do-vistupiv.html
Ukrainian stars have voiced works for students
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3704366-ukrainski-zirki-ozvucili-tvori-dla-skolariv.html
The issue of transfer of combat aircraft to Ukraine has not yet been resolved - Denmark Prime Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704367-pitanna-peredaci-ukraini-bojovih-litakiv-poki-ne-virisene-premerka-danii.html
Google and Microsoft executives were invited to meet in the White House on Artificial Intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3704368-kerivnikiv-google-i-microsoft-zaprosili-na-zustric-u-bilomu-domi-sodo-stucnogo-intelektu.html
Meta has declared an increase in the number of harmful programs related to Chatgpt
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3704370-u-meta-zaavili-pro-zrostanna-kilkosti-skidlivih-program-povazanih-zi-chatgpt.html
Defense forces do not count on the easy return of Crimea - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3704369-sili-oboroni-ne-rozrahovuut-na-legke-povernenna-krimu-gumenuk.html
The main theme in negotiations with partners is the number of weapons - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704371-golovnou-temou-na-peregovorah-iz-partnerami-e-kilkist-zbroi-zelenskij.html
Losses from illegal actions with payment cards last year increased by 46% - the National Bank
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3704372-zbitki-vid-nezakonnih-dij-iz-platiznimi-kartkami-torik-zrosli-na-46-nacbank.html
Russia makes increasingly desperate military decisions - Britain in the OSCE
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704376-rosia-uhvalue-dedali-vidcajdusnisi-vijskovi-risenna-britania-v-obse.html
The United States has announced a new defense assistance package to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704373-ssa-ogolosili-pro-novij-paket-oboronnoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
Zelensky about the Grain Agreement: The President of Turkey and the UN Secretary General should speak with Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3704374-zelenskij-pro-zernovu-ugodu-z-rosieu-maut-govoriti-prezident-tureccini-ta-gensek-oon.html
Restoration of the Ukrainian Agrosector: The Ministry of Agrarian Policy hopes to cooperate with the state of Utah
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3704380-vidnovlenna-ukrainskogo-agrosektoru-minagropolitiki-spodivaetsa-na-spivpracu-zi-statom-uta.html
The EU has denied Russian fakes about large -scale weapons trade in connection with the war in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704382-u-es-sprostuvali-rosijski-fejki-pro-masstabnu-torgivlu-zbroeu-u-zvazku-z-vijnou-v-ukraini.html
The Ministry of Finance intends to restore medium -term budget planning
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3704383-minfin-mae-namir-vidnoviti-serednostrokove-budzetne-planuvanna.html
Sweden will support Ukraine on the way to EU membership - Prime Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704386-svecia-pidtrimuvatime-ukrainu-na-slahu-do-clenstva-v-es-premer.html
The State Property Fund will again put on bidding electronmash
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3704388-fond-derzmajna-znovu-vistavit-na-torgi-elektronmas.html
Russians killed two Donetsk residents in a day, nine people were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704391-rosiani-za-den-ubili-dvoh-ziteliv-doneccini-devatero-ludej-poraneni.html
Two IAEA inspections were successfully conducted at Rivne NPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3704390-na-rivnenskij-aes-uspisno-proveli-dvi-inspekcii-magate.html
Reznikov thanked the European Commission for the decision to increase the supply of ammunition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704395-reznikov-podakuvav-evrokomisii-za-risenna-zbilsiti-postacanna-boepripasiv.html
Podolyak compared Medvedev with an "empty barrel" from a Finnish saying
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704398-podolak-porivnav-medvedeva-z-poroznou-bockou-z-finskoi-prikazki.html
Russians placed in the 4th block of military equipment and explosives
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704399-rosiani-rozmistili-v-4mu-bloci-zaes-vijskovu-tehniku-ta-vibuhivku.html
Juventus beat "Lechche" and went second in series A
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3704400-uventus-obigrav-lecce-i-vijsov-na-druge-misce-u-serii-a.html
Zelensky has negotiated with the premieres of Sweden, Denmark, Iceland and Finland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704405-zelenskij-proviv-peregovori-z-premerami-svecii-danii-islandii-ta-finlandii.html
In the Kyiv region, systematic testing will be conducted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3704402-na-kiivsini-provedut-kontrolne-testuvanna-sistemnogo-opovisenna.html
Pentagon revealed the content of a new help pack for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704403-pentagon-rozkriv-vmist-novogo-paketa-dopomogi-dla-ukraini.html
In Ukraine tomorrow will rain in the western and northern regions, in the afternoon up to 20 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3704156-v-ukraini-zavtra-dositime-u-zahidnih-i-pivnicnih-oblastah-vden-do-20.html
Zelensky thanked the US for a new defense package
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704409-zelenskij-podakuvav-ssa-za-novij-paket-oboronnoi-dopomogi.html
Ukraine's junior team will perform at the French stage of European Cup with Judo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3703643-uniorska-zbirna-ukraini-vistupit-na-francuzkomu-etapi-kubka-evropi-z-dzudo.html
Kondratyuk spoke for the development of relations with Israel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704408-kondratuk-vislovilasa-za-rozvitok-vidnosin-z-izrailem.html
Agrarians buy distillery from the states to make modern enterprises - shurma
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3704412-agrarii-kupuut-u-derzavi-spirtzavodi-sob-zrobiti-z-nih-sucasni-pidpriemstva-surma.html
Drone attack on the Kremlin: The White House commented on the probability of provocation by the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704415-ataka-droniv-na-kreml-u-bilomu-domi-zgadali-pro-operacii-pid-falsivim-praporom.html
As a result of a night rocket attack in Zaporozhye, 44 homes are damaged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3704416-vnaslidok-nicnoi-raketnoi-ataki-u-zaporizzi-poskodzeni-44-budinki.html
Ukrainian guerrillas prepare "gifts" to the Russians in Lugansk - the center of the National Research
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3704295-ukrainski-partizani-gotuut-podarunki-rosianam-u-lugansku-centr-nacsprotivu.html
President thanked New Zealand for expanding assistance for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704417-prezident-podakuvav-novij-zelandii-za-rozsirenna-dopomogi-dla-ukraini.html
Shakhtar and Dynamo are in the UEFA top 50 club rating
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3704418-sahtar-ta-dinamo-vhodat-do-top50-klubnogo-rejtingu-uefa.html
Podolyak - About the situation on the ZPP: Russians are looking for steps to escalation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704420-podolak-pro-situaciu-na-zaes-rosiani-sukaut-krokiv-do-eskalacii.html
Podolyak - About the situation on the ZPP: Russians are looking for steps to escalation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704420-podolak-pro-situaciu-na-zaes-rosiani-sukaut-krokiv-do-eskalacii.html
The enemy fired 11 times the border of Sumy region, there is a wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3704422-vorog-11-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-e-poranenij.html
The representation of the President of Ukraine to the Autonomous Republic of Crimea discussed youth policy after the peninsula is de -occupying
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/u-predstavnycztvi-prezydenta-ukrayiny-v-ar-krym-obgovoryly-molodizhnu-polityku-pislya-deokupacziyi-pivostrova/
The Ukrainian military agreed on further exchange of information with Polish colleagues
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/ukrayinski-vijskovi-uzgodyly-pytannya-shhodo-podalshogo-obminu-informacziyeyu-z-polskymy-kolegamy/
The Russians received Ukrainian form and prepare provocations on the northern border with Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/rosiyany-otrymaly-ukrayinsku-formu-ta-gotuyut-provokacziyi-na-pivnichnomu-kordoni-z-ukrayinoyu/
Irina Vereshchuk: Do not go to cooperation with the occupiers, do not take Russian passports
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/iryna-vereshhuk-ne-jdit-na-spivpraczyu-z-okupantamy-ne-berit-rosijskyh-pasportiv/
Dilkiv was exposed that funded DNR fighters for over UAH 50 million
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/vykryto-dilkiv-yaki-profinansuvaly-bojovykiv-dnr-na-ponad-50-mln-grn/
Igor Klimenko: The Guard of the offensive was supplemented by another brigade - "Charter"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/igor-klymenko-gvardiya-nastupu-popovnylasya-shhe-odniyeyu-brygadoyu-hartiyeyu/
The shortage of units in occupation administrations reaches 90 percent
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/deficzyt-komplektuvannya-pidrozdiliv-v-okupaczijnyh-administracziyah-syagaye-90-vidsotkiv/
Supplement the IDP categories that are eligible for temporary housing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/dopovneno-perelik-kategorij-vpo-yaki-mayut-pravo-na-otrymannya-tymchasovogo-zhytla/
The government has improved the work of military medical commissions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/uryad-udoskonalyv-robotu-vijskovo-likarskyh-komisij/
Russians continue to carry out misinformation campaigns on Tot
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/rosiyany-prodovzhuyut-provodyty-dezinformaczijni-kampaniyi-na-tot/
Our aviation has made 8 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/nasha-aviacziya-zavdala-8-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka-2/
The occupiers have inflicted 3 missile and 39 aviation strikes in our positions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/okupanty-zavdaly-3-raketnyh-ta-39-aviaczijnyh-udariv-po-nashym-pozycziyam/
In Kherson region, the occupiers threaten the deportation of residents for refusing to passport the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/na-hersonshhyni-okupanty-pogrozhuyut-deportuvaty-meshkancziv-za-vidmovu-vid-pasporta-rf/
Defense forces per day eliminated more than 500 invaders, destroyed 6 BBM and 16 artistem
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-ponad-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-6-bbm-i-16-artsystem/
At night the air defense forces destroyed 21 Shahd-136/131
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/vnochi-sylamy-ppo-znyshheno-21-shahed-136-131/
Odessa region destroyed another mine that the sea brought into the coastal zone
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/na-odeshhyni-znyshheno-chergovu-minu-yaku-more-vyneslo-u-pryberezhnu-zonu/
BMP Bradley joined the defense forces and will not be bored with the enemy - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/bmp-bradley-pryyednalysya-do-syl-oborony-i-ne-dadut-nudguvaty-vorogu-oleksij-reznikov/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Denmark sends Ukraine the largest package of assistance: everything - for successful counter -offensive
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/daniya-nadsylaye-ukrayini-najbilshyj-paket-dopomogy-use-dlya-uspishnogo-kontrnastupu/
During the day, rescuers went out more than 200 times to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-ponad-200-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv/
The Verkhovna Rada allowed the next military rank ahead of time
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/verhovna-rada-dozvolyla-dostrokovo-prysvoyuvaty-chergove-vijskove-zvannya-vdruge/
Alexei Reznikov about unmanned technologies: Ukrainian UAVs accelerate up to 170 km
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/oleksij-reznikov-pro-bezpilotni-tehnologiyi-ukrayinski-bpla-rozganyayutsya-do-170-km/
Volodymyr Zelensky celebrated 63 servicemen of the Armed Forces of Ukraine state awards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/volodymyr-zelenskyj-vidznachyv-derzhavnymy-nagorodamy-63-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-zs-ukrayiny/
More than 700 explosive items and one aircraft were disposed of
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-700-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-ta-odnu-aviabombu/
Anakonda-23: Large-scale military training began in Poland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/anakonda-23-u-polshhi-rozpochalysya-masshtabni-vijskovi-navchannya/
Sumy region at night was fired at managed aircraft, damaged by an enterprise
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/sumshhynu-vnochi-obstrilyaly-kerovanymy-aviabombamy-poshkodzheno-pidpryyemstvo/
Danish military training Ukrainian recruits in the United Kingdom
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/danski-vijskovi-trenuyut-ukrayinskyh-novobrancziv-u-velykij-brytaniyi/
The Russian air attacks were detained on Nikolaev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/zatrymano-koryguvalnyka-rosijskyh-povitryanyh-atak-na-mykolayiv/
Correct terminology on Russian aggression against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/correct-terminology-on-russian-aggression-against-ukraine/
Ukraine has called on the world to stop cooperation with the Russian Federation in nuclear energy and impose sanctions on Rosatom
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/ukrayina-zaklykala-svit-zupynyty-spivpraczyu-z-rf-v-yadernij-energetyczi-ta-naklasty-sankcziyi-na-rosatom/
Head of State: Independence of Ukraine is not an abstraction, but the result that everyone who is fighting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/glava-derzhavy-nezalezhnist-ukrayiny-cze-ne-abstrakcziya-a-rezultat-yakyj-zdobuvayut-usi-hto-voyuye/
146 settlements fired at the Russian army per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/146-naselenyh-punktiv-obstrilyala-armiya-rf-za-dobu/
In the Black Sea - P ’ yat enemy ships without "caliber"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/u-chornomu-mori-pyat-vorozhyh-korabliv-bez-kalibriv/
Coordination Headquarters collects information about captured defenders from open and confidential sources
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-zbyraye-vidomosti-pro-polonenyh-zahysnykiv-z-vidkrytyh-i-konfidenczijnyh-dzherel/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 84 thousand military crimes have been documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-84-tysyachi-voyennyh-zlochyniv-2/
"In the occupied Crimea, Russians are afraid of everything: both drones, guerrillas, and rockets" - Vadim Skibitsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/v-okupovanomu-krymu-rosiyany-boyatsya-vsogo-i-droniv-i-partyzaniv-i-raket-vadym-skibiczkyj/
Forces Tro showed how enemy mortar calculation was destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/syly-tro-pokazaly-yak-znyshhyly-vorozhyj-minometnyj-rozrahunok/
On May 4, a briefing will take place: "Presentation of the first social investigation of Russian prisoners of war"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/4-travnya-vidbudetsya-bryfing-prezentacziya-pershogo-soczdoslidzhennya-rosijskyh-vijskovopolonenyh/
The guards of the sky knocked down the Russian reconnaissance drone in Dnipropetrovsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/vartovi-neba-zbyly-rosijskyj-rozviduvalnyj-bezpilotnyk-na-dnipropetrovshhyni/
On May 4, a briefing will take place on the implementation of inventions and innovations in the Security and Defense Sector
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/4-travnya-vidbudetsya-bryfing-shhodo-vprovadzhen-vynahodiv-ta-innovaczij-v-sektori-bezpeky-ta-oborony/
To intimidate Ukrainians, the occupiers were brought to the occupied territories of managed criminality - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/dlya-zalyakuvannya-ukrayincziv-okupanty-zavezly-na-okupovani-terytoriyi-kerovanyj-kryminalitet-ganna-malyar/
As a result of the Russian blow to Kherson the hypermarket is destroyed, there are dead
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/vnaslidok-rosijskogo-udaru-po-hersonu-zrujnovano-gipermarket-ye-zagybli/
New Zealand has increased financial assistance to Ukraine and expanded sanctions against the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/nova-zelandiya-zbilshyla-finansovu-dopomogu-ukrayini-ta-rozshyryla-sankcziyi-protyv-rf/
NSDC: Ukraine has praised Ukraine's efforts on the way of legislative support for national sustainability
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/rnbo-u-yevropi-vysoko-oczinyly-zusyllya-ukrayiny-na-shlyahu-zakonodavchogo-zabezpechennya-naczionalnoyi-stijkosti/
Last day, the occupiers struck 565 strokes from barrel artillery and RSLS in the Liman-Kupyan direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/mynuloyi-doby-okupanty-zavdaly-565-udariv-zi-stvolnoyi-artyleriyi-ta-rszv-na-lymansko-kupyanskomu-napryamku/
All the violations of the captive defenders are properly recorded - coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/vsi-porushennya-prav-yaki-zaznaly-zahysnyky-u-poloni-nalezhnym-chynom-fiksuyutsya-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
Fires at oil depots and rail accidents are a blow to the perception of the war by the Russians - Petro Chernik
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/pozhezhi-na-naftobazah-i-avariyi-na-zaliznyczi-ye-udarom-po-spryjnyattyu-vijny-rosiyanamy-petro-chernyk/
Today the occupiers fired twice the border of Chernihiv and Sumy region - OK "North"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/operatyvna-informacziya-vid-operatyvnogo-komanduvannya-pivnich/
Ukraine and Finland have begun preparation of the 16th Defense Package very important for our protection
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/ukrayina-j-finlyandiya-rozpochaly-pidgotovku-16-go-oboronnogo-paketu-duzhe-vazhlyvogo-dlya-ukrayinskogo-zahystu/
Kherson residents can be evacuated free of charge by buses
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/zhyteli-hersonshhyny-mozhut-bezkoshtovno-evakuyuvatysya-avtobusamy/
"Ukraine hopes to get battle aircraft after a successful offensive on the front" - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/ukrayina-spodivayetsya-otrymaty-bojovi-litaky-pislya-uspishnogo-nastupu-na-fronti-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
The Minister of Defense presented state and departmental awards to representatives of different professions for contribution to the victory of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/ministr-oborony-vruchyv-derzhavni-ta-vidomchi-nagorody-predstavnykam-riznyh-profesij-za-vnesok-u-peremogu-ukrayiny/
Ukrainian defenders per day repelled about 30 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-vidbyly-blyzko-30-vorozhyh-atak/
"2022 was a year of survival for Ukraine, and 2023 will be the year of efficiency" - Andriy Shevchenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/2022-buv-dlya-ukrayiny-rokom-vyzhyvannya-a-2023-stane-rokom-efektyvnosti-andrij-shevchenko/
Our defenders do not let the enemy move forward and cause him significant losses - Sergey Teltytsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/nashi-zahysnyky-ne-dayut-protyvnyku-prosunutysya-vpered-ta-zavdayut-jomu-suttyevyh-vtrat-sergij-telyatyczkyj/
In Helsinki, the President of Ukraine met with the Speaker of the Parliament of Finland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/u-gelsinki-prezydent-ukrayiny-proviv-zustrich-zi-spikerom-parlamentu-finlyandiyi/
The United Kingdom has allocated £ 3 million for Ukraine utter - Emine Dzhaparova
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/velyka-brytaniya-vydilyla-3-miljony-funtiv-sterlingiv-dlya-promocziyi-ukrayiny-emine-dzhaparova/
The preparation of a new EU sanction package for Russia - Olga Stefanyshyn is ongoing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/tryvaye-pidgotovka-novogo-sankczijnogo-paketa-yes-shhodo-rosiyi-olga-stefanishyna/
What stands in the phrase "Bakhmut continues in Bakhmut" - an explanation from Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/shho-stoyit-za-frazoyu-u-bahmuti-tryvayut-boyi-poyasnennya-vid-ganny-malyar/
The Ministry of Defense improved the system of departmental awards - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/u-ministerstvi-oborony-vdoskonalyly-systemu-vidomchyh-nagorod-oleksij-reznikov/
It is important for us that the word "war" sounds from the Eurovision stage - Galina Grigorenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/dlya-nas-vazhlyvo-shhob-slovo-vijna-zvuchalo-zi-sczeny-yevrobachennya-galyna-grygorenko/
Anna Malyar on the Bakhmut direction situation and offensive from Belarus
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/ganna-malyar-pro-sytuacziyu-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-ta-nastup-z-bilorusi/
As a result of shelling in Kherson region, 16 people were killed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/unaslidok-obstriliv-na-hersonshhyni-zagynuly-16-lyudej/
Mary's Situation - Anna Malyar on ICTV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/sytuacziya-na-maryinskomu-napryamku-ganna-malyar-v-efiri-ictv/
Why Bakhmut is so important for Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/chomu-bahmut-takyj-vazhlyvyj-dlya-rosiyan/
Anna Malyar told about rocket firing of civilian infrastructure
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/ganna-malyar-rozpovila-pro-raketni-obstrily-czyvilnoyi-infrastruktury/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy held negotiations with Prime Minister of Norway
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/volodymyr-zelenskyj-proviv-peregovory-z-premyer-ministrom-norvegiyi/
Natalia Humeniuk spoke about the reasons that are currently limiting the ability of the Black Sea Fleet of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/nataliya-gumenyuk-rozpovila-pro-prychyny-yaki-narazi-obmezhuyut-spromozhnosti-chornomorskogo-flotu-rf/
We need technologies that would not leave the Russians any hopes for success: the Minister of Defense of Ukraine met with the President of the Senate Utah
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/nam-potribni-tehnologiyi-yaki-b-ne-zalyshyly-rosiyanam-zhodnyh-spodivan-na-uspih-ministr-oborony-ukrayiny-zustrivsya-z-prezydentom-senatu-yuty/
We do not attack neither Putin nor Moscow - we protect our villages and cities - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/my-ne-atakuyemo-ani-putina-ani-moskvu-my-zahyshhayemo-svoyi-sela-j-mista-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
In Kherson region, occupiers place their units between private homes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/na-hersonshhyni-okupanty-rozmishhuyut-svoyi-pidrozdily-pomizh-pryvatnyh-budynkiv/
Our warriors of this day destroyed 5 Russian UAVs of different types and "lancet"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/nashi-voyiny-cziyeyi-doby-znyshhyly-5-rosijskyh-bpla-riznyh-typiv-ta-lanczet/
Short. War. Day 434. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/03/korotko-vijna-den-434-videodajdzhest/
Biden to the Day of Freedom of the Press reminded that journalism is the primordial of free society
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3704424-bajden-do-dna-svobodi-presi-nagadav-so-zurnalistika-persoosnova-vilnogo-suspilstva.html
In the US, an unknown fired in the center of Atlanta, a person was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3704410-u-ssa-nevidomij-vlastuvav-strilaninu-u-centri-atlanti-zaginula-ludina.html
APL. Manchester City returned to leaders, Liverpool beat Fulgem
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3704423-apl-mancester-siti-povernuvsa-u-lideri-liverpul-obigrav-fulgem.html
APL. Manchester City returned to leaders, Liverpool beat Fulgem
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3704423-apl-mancester-siti-povernuvsa-u-lideri-liverpul-obigrav-fulgem.html
In the US, an unknown fired in the center of Atlanta, a person was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3704410-u-ssa-nevidomij-vlastuvav-strilaninu-u-centri-atlanti-zaginula-ludina.html
Biden to the Day of Freedom of the Press reminded that journalism is the primordial of free society
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3704424-bajden-do-dna-svobodi-presi-nagadav-so-zurnalistika-persoosnova-vilnogo-suspilstva.html
Klimenko met with Ambassador of Britain, talked about the demining of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3704425-klimenko-zustrivsa-z-poslom-britanii-govorili-pro-rozminuvanna-ukraini.html
La Liga: Athletico pushed Real Madrid from second place, defeating Cadis
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3704426-la-liga-atletiko-potisniv-real-z-drugogo-misca-rozgromivsi-kadis.html
The European Commission has allocated € 500 million to support ammunition production
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/04/yevrokomisiya-vydilyla-e500-mln-na-terminove-zmicznennya-oboronnoyi-promyslovosti-yes-budemo-krashhe-pidtrymuvaty-zsu/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====