乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-07

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

Important Mine Security Rules worth memory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/vazhlyvi-pravyla-minnoyi-bezpeky-yaki-varto-pamyataty/
Enemy propaganda extends misinformation about Ukraine's potential membership in NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/vorozha-propaganda-na-svoyih-resursah-poshyryuye-dezinformacziyu-pro-potenczijne-chlenstvo-ukrayiny-v-nato/
NATO will expand the headquarters by adopting new members
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/nato-rozshyryt-shtab-kvartyru-cherez-pryjnyattya-novyh-chleniv/
Medical assistance in martial law: transparency of the process through the Meddata system
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/medychna-dopomoga-v-umovah-voyennogo-stanu-prozorist-proczesu-cherez-systemu-meddata/
Coordination Staff meeting: Priority - Protection of the Rights of the Child during Martial Status
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/zasidannya-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-priorytet-zahyst-prav-dytyny-pid-chas-voyennogo-stanu/
The Russian aggression in Ukraine was affected by 1520 cultural infrastructure sites
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/cherez-rosijsku-agresiyu-v-ukrayini-postrazhdaly-1520-obyektiv-kulturnoyi-infrastruktury/
Since the beginning of the war, 1,200 cancer children have been evacuated for treatment at the European Clinic
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/z-pochatku-vijny-1-200-onkohvoryh-ditej-buly-evakujovani-na-likuvannya-do-klinik-yevropy/
Russian invaders undermined the Kakhovsk Hydroe Hep - OK "South"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/rosijski-okupanty-pidirvaly-kahovsku-ges-ok-pivden/
Yulia Sviridenko: We look forward to the UNDP in the organization of mine processes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/spodivayemosya-na-dopomogu-proon-v-pytannyah-efektyvnoyi-organizacziyi-proczesiv-rozminuvannya/
Migrants can apply for a voucher to study online
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/pereselenczi-mozhut-podaty-zayavku-na-otrymannya-vauchera-na-navchannya-onlajn/
The NSDC reacted to the Russian propaganda fake on the "death" of Budanov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/u-rnbo-zreaguvaly-na-fejk-rosijskoyi-propagandy-shhodo-zagybeli-budanova/
The Russians use a map of man -made blackmail - Natalia Humeniuk about undermining on Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/rosiyany-vykorystovuyut-kartu-tehnogennogo-shantazhu-nataliya-gumenyuk-pro-pidryv-na-kahovskij-ges/
With the introduction of portrait examination, the defenders' identification process will accelerate - Coordination Headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/iz-vprovadzhennyam-portretnoyi-ekspertyzy-proczes-identyfikacziyi-oboroncziv-pryskorytsya-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
Ukrainian defenders knocked down the enemy helicopter Ka-52
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-zbyly-vorozhyj-vertolit-ka-52/
Над Києвом у травні сили ППО знищили 20 балістичних і 65 крилатих ракет, випущених росією
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/nad-kyyevom-u-travni-syly-ppo-znyshhyly-20-balistychnyh-i-65-krylatyh-raket-vypushhenyh-rosiyeyu/
12,000 Russian shelling survived during the large -scale war Kharkiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/12-tysyach-rosijskyh-obstriliv-perezhyla-za-chas-povnomasshtabnoyi-vijny-harkivshhyna/
Ecological losses from military aggression of the Russian Federation amount to almost UAH 2000 billion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/zahyst-dovkillya-v-umovah-povnomasshtabnogo-rosijskogo-vtorgnennya-zareyestrovano-blyzko-200-provadzhen-shhodo-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
Putin's regime attracts teachers and students to propaganda - external intelligence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/putinskyj-rezhym-zaluchaye-vchyteliv-ta-uchniv-do-poshyrennya-propagandy/
Russian media justify the deportation of Ukrainian children in their programs and news
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/rosijski-media-vypravdovuyut-deportacziyu-ukrayinskyh-ditej-u-svoyih-peredachah-ta-novynah/
35 out of 35: Air defense forces at night destroyed all the winged missiles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/35-iz-35-syly-ppo-unochi-znyshhyly-usi-krylati-rakety/
During the day at the front there were 40 combat clashes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/protyagom-doby-na-fronti-vidbulosya-40-bojovyh-zitknen/
At Belarus landfills, hostile units continue
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/na-poligonah-bilorusi-tryvaye-pidgotovka-vorozhyh-pidrozdiliv/
Enemy loss per day: 800 invaders were eliminated, 36 artisystems and 12 tanks were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-800-okupantiv-znyshheno-36-artsystem-i-12-tankiv/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy about the undermining HPP: the Russian Federation confirmed that each meter uses for terror
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/volodymyr-zelenskyj-pro-pidryv-ges-rf-pidtverdyla-shho-kozhen-metr-vykorystovuye-dlya-teroru/
The army of the Russian Federation struck a rocket strike on Kharkiv - the General Staff of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/armiya-rf-zavdala-raketnogo-udaru-po-harkovu-genshtab-zsu/
The President of Ukraine convenes an emergency session of the NSDC because of the undermining of Kakhovka hydroelectric power station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/prezydent-ukrayiny-sklykaye-ekstrene-zasidannya-rnbo-cherez-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges/
Pope's operation ended without complications - Vatican
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719755-operacia-papi-rimskogo-zaversilasa-bez-uskladnen-vatikan.html
NSDB secretary compared Putin with Ben Laden: destroys everything he sees in his way
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719754-sekretar-rnbo-porivnav-putina-z-ben-ladenom-nisit-use-so-bacit-na-svoemu-slahu.html
On the Kinburn Peninsula, forests burn for the second day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719693-na-kinburnskomu-pivostrovi-drugu-dobu-gorat-lisi.html
NATO should provide Ukraine with security guarantees so that the history of war does not happen again - Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719764-nato-mae-nadati-ukraini-garantii-bezpeki-sob-istoria-z-vijnou-ne-povtorilasa-stoltenberg.html
Lukashenko pardoned Russian Sapeg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719763-lukasenko-pomiluvav-rosianku-sapegu.html
Oleshki occupied by the Russians on the left bank of Kherson region is flooded by 90% - mayor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719762-okupovani-rosianami-oleski-na-livomu-berezi-hersonsini-zatopleni-na-90-mer.html
On the site of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station will have to build a new station - the CEO of Ukrhydroenergo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719761-na-misci-kahovskoi-ges-dovedetsa-buduvati-novu-stanciu-gendirektor-ukrgidroenergo.html
Smoke from forest fires in Canada covered New York
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719759-dim-vid-lisovih-pozez-u-kanadi-nakriv-nujork.html
Naev conducted military training in the northern operating area
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719757-naev-proviv-vijskovi-navcanna-v-pivnicnij-operacijnij-zoni.html
The Ukrainian national football team gave way to the Penalties in the Portugues in a control match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719758-zbirna-ukraini-postupilasa-po-penalti-portugalkam-u-kontrolnomu-matci.html
Armed Forces received from volunteers of a batch of trucks for carriage of ammunition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719756-zsu-otrimali-vid-volonteriv-partiu-vantazivok-dla-perevezenna-boekomplektiv.html
More than 2.6 thousand houses have been flooded in Ukraine, almost 2,000 people evacuated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719766-v-ukraini-pidtopleni-ponad-26-tisaci-budinkiv-evakuuvali-majze-2-tisaci-ludej.html
As a result of the destruction of the Kakhovka hydroelectric field, the fields in the south can turn into a desert - the Ministry of Agrarian Policy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/vnaslidok-znyshhennya-kahovskoyi-ges-polya-na-pivdni-mozhut-peretvorytysya-na-pusteli-minagropolityky/
Stoltenberg congratulated Ukraine's information restraint on counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719779-stoltenberg-privitav-informacijnu-strimanist-ukraini-sodo-kontrnastupu.html
Ulewing the Kakhovsk Dam "exactly does not help the offensive" - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719781-pidriv-kahovskoi-dambi-tocno-ne-dopomagae-nastupu-zelenskij.html
There was an emergency meeting of the coordination headquarters on compulsory evacuation of the population
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/vidbulos-ekstrene-zasidannya-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-z-pytan-provedennya-obovyazkovoyi-evakuacziyi-naselennya/
Винуватці підриву Каховської ГЕС будуть притягнуті до відповідальності - глава МЗС Канади
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719782-vinuvatci-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-budut-pritagnuti-do-vidpovidalnosti-glava-mzs-kanadi.html
The SES captures the decrease in the raising of water after blasting Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-other_news/3719783-u-dsns-fiksuut-znizenna-tempiv-pidjomu-vodi-pisla-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Prime Minister: Approved urgent decisions to provide the population in southern Ukraine with drinking water
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/premyer-ministr-uhvalyly-nevidkladni-rishennya-dlya-zabezpechennya-naselennya-na-pivdni-ukrayiny-pytnoyu-vodoyu/
President is shocked by lack
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719784-prezident-sokovanij-vidsutnist-dopomogi-z-boku-oon-ta-cervonogo-hresta-pisla-pidrivu-kahovskoi-dambi.html
Ukraine has not yet gone on a counter -offensive, all will see it - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719598-ukraina-se-ne-perehodila-u-kontrnastup-jogo-pocatok-vsi-pobacat-danilov.html
For the aid of the residents of the flooded Kherson came the units of the State Support Service
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/na-dopomogu-zhytelyam-pidtoplenogo-hersona-pryjshly-pidrozdily-derzhspecztranssluzhby/
International partners provided Ukrainian water utilities for over $ 170 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3719601-miznarodni-partneri-nadali-ukrainskim-vodokanalam-dopomogi-na-ponad-170-miljoniv.html
Zelensky discussed with Erdogan a terrorist attack on Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, the return of prisoners and a grain agreement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719604-zelenskij-obgovoriv-z-erdoganom-terakt-na-kahovskij-ges-povernenna-polonenih-i-zernovu-ugodu.html
In Kiev, the search service for a temporary shelter for animals "Ekutok" was launched
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3719606-u-kievi-zapracuvav-servis-posuku-timcasovogo-pritulku-dla-tvarin-ekutocok.html
There are about a thousand Russian military in Belarus - border guards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719607-u-bilorusi-perebuvaut-blizko-tisaci-rosijskih-vijskovih-prikordonniki.html
The Ukrainian Diaspora called on the world media to spread the truth about undermining the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3719608-ukrainska-diaspora-zaklikala-svitovi-media-posiruvati-pravdu-pro-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges.html
Ukrainian Switolina will play at Washington tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719609-ukrainka-cvitolina-zigrae-na-turniri-u-vasingtoni.html
Most Latin American countries condemn the invasion of the Russian Federation into Ukraine - Borrel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719612-bilsist-krain-latinskoi-ameriki-zasudzuut-vtorgnenna-rf-v-ukrainu-borrel.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Poland has handed out pumps and tank pumps to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719613-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-polsa-peredala-ukraini-nasosi-i-cisterni.html
Ukraine has reduced pork imports more than fives - profile association
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719617-ukraina-bils-ak-upatero-skorotila-import-svinini-profilna-asociacia.html
The greatest threat due to the undermining of the Russians of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station is for power grids - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719615-najbilsa-zagroza-cerez-pidriv-rosianami-kahovskoi-ges-e-dla-elektromerez-ekspert.html
Banks and exchangers will receive from the NBU a warning for a commission on "worn" currency - Getmantsev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719616-banki-ta-obminniki-otrimaut-vid-nbu-poperedzenna-za-komisiu-zi-znosenoi-valuti-getmancev.html
У Міндовкіллі назвали руйнування Каховської ГЕС найбільшим екоцидом з початку війни
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719619-u-mindovkilli-nazvali-rujnuvanna-kahovskoi-ges-najbilsim-ekocidom-z-pocatku-vijni.html
Real salaries in the private sector have virtually stopped falling - NBU review
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719622-realni-zarplati-u-privatnomu-sektori-prakticno-pripinili-padinna-oglad-nbu.html
Human rights activists demand to release the Ukrainian artist Bogdan Zizu in the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3719620-pravozahisniki-vimagaut-zvilniti-zasudzenogo-v-rf-ukrainskogo-hudoznika-bogdana-zizu.html
The Ukrainian ATV "Bohun" evacuates people in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719626-ukrainskij-vsudihid-bogun-evakuue-ludej-na-hersonsini.html
The Supreme Court's apparatus was headed by Viktor Kapustinsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719625-aparat-verhovnogo-sudu-ocoliv-viktor-kapustinskij.html
Russian hackers abducted data about 100,000 employees of eight British companies
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3719629-rosijski-hakeri-vikrali-dani-blizko-100-tisac-pracivnikiv-vosmi-britanskih-kompanij.html
In the Bakhmut area, paratroopers destroyed Russian drone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719631-v-rajoni-bahmuta-desantniki-znisili-rosijskij-bezpilotnik.html
Klimenko: We are looking for ways to evacuate people from the left bank of Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719632-klimenko-sukaemo-slahi-abi-evakuuvati-ludej-z-livogo-berega-hersonsini.html
Контроль за станом морської води посилили на Одещині - МОЗ
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719633-kontrol-za-stanom-morskoi-vodi-posilili-na-odesini-moz.html
Tennis: Schwiontek went out to the semifinals "Rolan Harros"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719634-tenis-svontek-vijsla-u-pivfinal-rolan-garros.html
In the Kherson region, drinking water is monitored in Zaporozhye and Dnipropetrovsk - the level of radiation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719635-na-hersonsini-monitorat-stan-pitnoi-vodi-na-zaporizzi-ta-dnipropetrovsini-riven-radiacii.html
Due to Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant flooded Lower Dnieper National Park
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719637-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-zatopilo-niznodniprovskij-nacionalnij-park.html
Ukroboronprom is working on the development of "Nativ" 155 mm projectile
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719643-ukroboronprom-pracue-nad-osvoennam-nativskogo-155mm-snarada.html
Oleshok residents report that the occupying power does not help with evacuation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719640-ziteli-olesok-povidomlaut-so-okupacijna-vlada-ne-dopomagae-z-evakuacieu.html
To save people in Kherson region require drones, boats and pumps - ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719639-dla-poratunku-ludej-na-hersonsini-potribni-droni-covni-i-pompi-ova.html
Russian DRG tried to penetrate Sumy region about 2.5 months ago - Naev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719647-rosijska-drg-namagalas-proniknuti-na-sumsinu-priblizno-25-misaci-tomu-naev.html
Kostin told China Ambassador about the investigation into Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719649-kostin-rozpoviv-poslu-kitau-pro-slidstvo-sodo-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
In five months Chinese exports to Russia increased by 76%
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719648-za-pat-misaciv-kitajskij-eksport-do-rosii-zris-na-76.html
Destroyed Russian Su-25 Storm and Four Intelligence UAV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/znyshheno-rosijskyj-shturmovyk-su-25-ta-chotyry-rozviduvalnyh-bpla/
Almost 1900 people have evacuated from the flooded settlements of Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719650-iz-pidtoplenih-naselenih-punktiv-hersonsini-evakuuvali-vze-majze-1900-osib.html
In Ukroboronprom told about the creation of a joint venture with Rheinmetall
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719652-v-ukroboronpromi-rozpovili-pro-stvorenna-spilnogo-pidpriemstva-z-rheinmetall.html
Російські добровольці анонсували рейд на Крим - звернулися до мешканців півострова по радіо
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3719655-rosijski-dobrovolci-anonsuvali-rejd-na-krim-zvernulisa-do-meskanciv-pivostrova-po-radio.html
In the Snigurov community as a result of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant, three bridges are flooded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719658-u-snigurivskij-gromadi-vnaslidok-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-zatopleni-tri-mosti.html
Ukraine will create a donor platform for demining - the Ministry of Economy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719657-ukraina-stvorit-donorsku-platformu-z-rozminuvanna-minekonomiki.html
Media interference in privacy: Prince Harry for almost 5 hours testified in court
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719664-vtrucanna-zmi-u-privatne-zitta-princ-garri-majze-5-godin-svidciv-u-sudi-londona.html
Nikopol District can stay without centralized water supply
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719666-nikopolskij-rajon-moze-zalisitisa-bez-centralizovanogo-vodopostacanna.html
Tkachenko discussed with representatives to restore cultural infrastructure objects
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3719667-tkacenko-obgovoriv-iz-predstavnikami-ova-vidnovlenna-obektiv-kulturnoi-infrastrukturi.html
Ukraine is ready to respond quickly to cholera outbreaks - Kuzin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719668-ukraina-gotova-svidko-reaguvati-na-spalahi-holeri-kuzin.html
USAID and partners have launched assistance to the victims of Kakhovskaya Hydroment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719670-usaid-i-partneri-rozgornuli-dopomogu-postrazdalim-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
The situation in the north direction is fully controlled by the defense forces - Naev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719671-situacia-na-pivnicnomu-napramku-povnistu-kontrolovana-silami-oboroni-naev.html
In Kherson the water level exceeded 5.5 meters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719673-u-hersoni-riven-vodi-perevisiv-55-metra.html
Lviv Airport can open within the humanitarian corridor - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719676-lvivskij-aeroport-mozut-vidkriti-u-mezah-gumanitarnogo-koridoru-ova.html
Ворог безуспішно намагався наступати на Бахмутському і ще двох напрямках
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719680-na-fronti-vidbulosa-21-zitknenna-vorog-namagavsa-nastupati-na-troh-napramkah.html
Ukrainian Bindle is playing with the Russian ticket to 1/4 of the WTA tournament finals in Croatia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719682-ukrainka-bajndl-rozigrae-iz-rosiankou-putivku-do-14-finalu-turniru-wta-v-horvatii.html
The illustrator of children's magazines "Barvinok" and "Baby" Alexander Mikhnushov died
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3719684-pomer-ilustrator-ditacih-zurnaliv-barvinok-i-malatko-oleksandr-mihnusov.html
The SES is projected to slow down the increase in water levels on the Dnieper below the Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719677-u-dsns-prognozuut-spovilnenna-pidvisenna-rivniv-vodi-na-dnipri-nizce-kahovskoi-ges.html
In the City Hall of Energodar advised residents to leave the city
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719685-u-merii-energodara-radat-zitelam-zalisiti-misto.html
We have to restore 1.7 GW of generating capacity - Shmigal before the heating season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719686-do-opaluvalnogo-sezonu-maemo-vidnoviti-17-gvt-generuucih-potuznostej-smigal.html
Ukraine will receive $ 10 million grants from the World Bank to recover medical
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3719689-ukraina-otrimae-vid-svitovogo-banku-10-miljoniv-grantu-na-vidnovlenna-medicnoi-sferi.html
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 15 beats in areas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719690-aviacia-sil-oboroni-za-dobu-zavdala-15-udariv-po-rajonah-skupcenna-voroga-genstab.html
Government is working on an OPK enterprise financing program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719691-urad-pracue-nad-programou-finansuvanna-pidpriemstv-opk.html
In Nikolaev, the beaches, yacht club and restaurants on the shore were flooded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719694-u-mikolaevi-pidtopleni-plazi-ahtklub-ta-restorani-na-berezi.html
Ukrainian agrarians have attracted almost ₴ 36 billion loans since the beginning of the year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719697-ukrainski-agrarii-z-pocatku-roku-zalucili-majze-36-milardiv-kreditiv.html
In Kiev there was a premiere screening of a documentary about the Chernivtsi brigade TRI
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3719698-u-kievi-vidbuvsa-dopremernij-pokaz-dokumentalnogo-filmu-pro-cernivecku-brigadu-tro.html
Viral hepatitis, intestinal infections and botulism: the Ministry of Health told what the risks of flooding were carried
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719701-virusnij-gepatit-kiskovi-infekcii-ta-botulizmu-u-moz-rozpovili-aki-riziki-nese-pidtoplenna.html
Evacuation from the occupied territories of Kherson region: Shmigal appealed to international organizations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719708-evakuacia-ludej-z-okupovanih-teritorij-hersonsini-smigal-zvernuvsa-do-miznarodnih-organizacij.html
In the National Park "Great Meadow" can shake water-sore lands
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719707-u-nacparku-velikij-lug-mozut-obmiliti-vodnobolotni-ugidda.html
Hospitals stored with water: Kuzin told about medical assistance in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719713-likarni-zapaslisa-vodou-kuzin-rozpoviv-pro-meddopomogu-na-hersonsini.html
Ottawa was delayed by smoke from forest fires
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719714-ottavu-zatagnulo-dimom-vid-lisovih-pozez.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
Defense forces move forward in a Bakhmut direction - Clear
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719767-sili-oboroni-prosuvautsa-vpered-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-cerevatij.html
Destroyed SAC and 14 enemy art units
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/znyshheno-zrk-ta-14-artpidrozdiliv-protyvnyka/
In Poland, malefactors stole ammunition from a special track
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719715-u-polsi-zlovmisniki-vikrali-boepripasi-zi-specpotaga.html
In Zaporozhye, water levels are reduced by five centimeters per hour
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719716-u-zaporizzi-riven-vodi-znizuetsa-na-pat-santimetriv-za-godinu.html
Khohovka hydroelectric power station: Zelensky handed Macron to the needs of Ukraine to eliminate disaster
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719718-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-zelenskij-peredav-makronu-potrebi-ukraini-dla-likvidacii-katastrofi.html
The Ukrainian national football team gave way to the Penalties in the Portugues in a control match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719758-zbirna-ukraini-postupilasa-po-penalti-portugalkam-u-kontrolnomu-matci.html
The Russians fired at Nikopol district four times
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719720-rosiani-cotiri-razi-obstrilali-nikopolskij-rajon.html
The opponent of the players of the national team of Ukraine in the playoffs of the World Cup 2023 with SOCCA was determined
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719721-viznacivsa-supernik-futbolistiv-zbirnoi-ukraini-u-plejoff-cs2023-iz-socca.html
No warrior can be sent to an unprepared combat task - Naev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719722-zoden-voin-ne-moze-buti-vidpravlenij-na-bojove-zavdanna-nepidgotovlenim-naev.html
US Ambassador calls for Kosovo to give Serbs autonomy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719723-posol-ssa-zaklikae-kosovo-nadati-serbam-avtonomiu.html
Kuleba discussed with Stoltenberg Ukraine's movement to NATO and the delivery of ammunition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719724-kuleba-obgovoriv-zi-stoltenbergom-ruh-ukraini-do-nato-ta-postavki-boepripasiv.html
Strengthening Might Mix: Zaluzhny showed the training of one of the special Batalions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719726-posilenna-bojovoi-mici-zaluznij-pokazav-navcanna-odnogo-zi-specbataljoniv.html
At the PACE summer session, they will hold urgent debate about the political consequences of Russia's aggression against Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719728-na-litnij-sesii-pare-provedut-terminovi-debati-pro-politicni-naslidki-agresii-rosii-proti-ukraini.html
The evidence base of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants by the Russians is and it is actively going - intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719730-dokazova-baza-pidrivu-okupantami-kahovskoi-ges-e-i-vona-aktivno-zbiraetsa-rozvidka.html
Every half a meter of land in Bakhmut went to Russia killed or wounded - Britain in the OSCE
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719731-kozni-piv-metra-zemli-v-bahmuti-obhodilisa-rosii-odnim-ubitim-ci-poranenim-britania-v-obse.html
"Four Lab" Evacuation: more than 400 animals have already been taken out of the flooded territories
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719727-cotirilapa-evakuacia-iz-zatoplenih-teritorij-hersonsini-vze-vivezli-ponad-400-tvarin.html
Yuri Yaroshenko will train from Vinnitsa from Vinnytsia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719733-nivu-z-vinnici-trenuvatime-urij-arosenko.html
The number of dead from the "cider" poison in Russia increased to 32
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719740-kilkist-zagiblih-vid-otruenna-sidrom-u-rosii-zrosla-do-32.html
Flooding in Kherson region: Oleshki knows about three dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719738-pidtoplenna-na-hersonsini-v-oleskah-vidomo-pro-troh-zagiblih.html
The situation at the Zaporozhye NPP is controlled, the radiation background is stable - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719746-situacia-na-zaporizkij-aes-kontrolovana-radiacijnij-fon-stabilnij-ova.html
The World Bank will rapidly assess the losses caused by the undermining of the Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power Plant
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719741-svitovij-bank-provede-svidku-ocinku-zbitkiv-spricinenih-pidrivom-kahovskoi-ges-smigal.html
Taurian direction: enemy loss per day - almost three mouths and 47 pieces of equipment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719742-tavrijskij-napramok-vtrati-voroga-za-dobu-majze-tri-roti-i-47-odinic-tehniki.html
Russians are not always important for what purpose will be a hit in Kiev - Yusov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3719743-rosianam-ne-zavzdi-vazlivo-po-akij-cili-bude-vlucanna-v-kievi-usov.html
The telegram has created a headquarters channel to eliminate the consequences
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719744-u-telegrami-stvorili-kanal-stabu-sodo-likvidacii-naslidkiv-pidrivu-kahovskoi-dambi.html
In the southern regions of Russia, hackers launched a RDC address
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719745-u-pivdennih-regionah-rosii-hakeri-zapustili-v-radioefir-zvernenna-rdk.html
Ukraine has the necessary weapon to liberate its territory - Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719747-ukraina-mae-neobhidnu-zbrou-dla-zvilnenna-svoei-teritorii-stoltenberg.html
Undermining Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants: States estimate that resettlement requires 20,000 people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719748-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-ssa-ocinuut-so-pereselenna-potrebuut-20-tisac-ludej.html
In Ukraine, strawberries have fallen on average by 36% - Eastfruit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719749-v-ukraini-polunica-podesevsala-v-serednomu-na-36-eastfruit.html
US Ambassador to NATO said what to expect Ukraine at a summit in Vilnius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719751-posol-ssa-pri-nato-skazala-cogo-ocikuvati-ukraini-na-samiti-u-vilnusi.html
NSDB secretary compared Putin with Ben Laden: destroys everything he sees in his way
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719754-sekretar-rnbo-porivnav-putina-z-ben-ladenom-nisit-use-so-bacit-na-svoemu-slahu.html
Pope's operation ended without complications - Vatican
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719755-operacia-papi-rimskogo-zaversilasa-bez-uskladnen-vatikan.html
Rashists continue to focus on attempts on full occupation of Lugansk and Donetsk regions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/rashysty-j-nadali-zoseredzhuyut-zusyllya-na-sprobah-povnoyi-okupacziyi-luganskoyi-ta-doneczkoyi-oblastej/
Armed Forces received from volunteers of a batch of trucks for carriage of ammunition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719756-zsu-otrimali-vid-volonteriv-partiu-vantazivok-dla-perevezenna-boekomplektiv.html
Naev conducted military training in the northern operating area
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719757-naev-proviv-vijskovi-navcanna-v-pivnicnij-operacijnij-zoni.html
Smoke from forest fires in Canada covered New York
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719759-dim-vid-lisovih-pozez-u-kanadi-nakriv-nujork.html
On the site of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station will have to build a new station - the CEO of Ukrhydroenergo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3719761-na-misci-kahovskoi-ges-dovedetsa-buduvati-novu-stanciu-gendirektor-ukrgidroenergo.html
Oleshki occupied by the Russians on the left bank of Kherson region is flooded by 90% - mayor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719762-okupovani-rosianami-oleski-na-livomu-berezi-hersonsini-zatopleni-na-90-mer.html
Lukashenko pardoned Russian Sapeg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3719763-lukasenko-pomiluvav-rosianku-sapegu.html
NATO should provide Ukraine with security guarantees so that the history of war does not happen again - Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719764-nato-mae-nadati-ukraini-garantii-bezpeki-sob-istoria-z-vijnou-ne-povtorilasa-stoltenberg.html
More than 2.6 thousand houses have been flooded in Ukraine, almost 2,000 people evacuated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719766-v-ukraini-pidtopleni-ponad-26-tisaci-budinkiv-evakuuvali-majze-2-tisaci-ludej.html
Defense forces move forward in a Bakhmut direction - Clear
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719767-sili-oboroni-prosuvautsa-vpered-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-cerevatij.html
The victims of Russian hackers were 100,000 Canadians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3719768-zertvami-rosijskih-hakeriv-stali-100-tisac-kanadciv.html
The President must be involved in the occupied Kherson region in the occupied Kherson region - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719769-do-poratunku-ludej-na-okupovanij-hersonsini-mae-negajno-dolucitisa-mkch-zelenskij.html
Due to flooding, all kinds of flora and fauna of the Nizhnodniprovsky National Park were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719770-cerez-zatoplenna-postrazdali-usi-vidi-flori-ta-fauni-nacparku-niznodniprovskij.html
The enemy struck rocket strokes in Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719771-vorog-zavdav-raketnih-udariv-po-harkivsini.html
Zelensky: Every dead man in Kherson region is a sentence of existing international architecture
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719772-zelenskij-kozna-zagibla-ludini-na-hersonsini-virok-naavnij-miznarodnij-arhitekturi.html
The invaders fired Ukrainian in the Donetsk region - two adults and a child were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719776-zagarbniki-obstrilali-ukrainsk-na-doneccini-zaginuli-dvoe-doroslih-i-ditina.html
In the affected regions, drinking water will provide everyone - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719778-u-postrazdalih-regionah-pitnou-vodou-zabezpecimo-vsih-prezident.html
Stoltenberg congratulated Ukraine's information restraint on counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719779-stoltenberg-privitav-informacijnu-strimanist-ukraini-sodo-kontrnastupu.html
Ulewing the Kakhovsk Dam "exactly does not help the offensive" - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719781-pidriv-kahovskoi-dambi-tocno-ne-dopomagae-nastupu-zelenskij.html
The perpetrators
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719782-vinuvatci-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-budut-pritagnuti-do-vidpovidalnosti-glava-mzs-kanadi.html
The SES captures the decrease in the raising of water after blasting Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-other_news/3719783-u-dsns-fiksuut-znizenna-tempiv-pidjomu-vodi-pisla-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
President is shocked by lack
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719784-prezident-sokovanij-vidsutnist-dopomogi-z-boku-oon-ta-cervonogo-hresta-pisla-pidrivu-kahovskoi-dambi.html
Defense forces per day eliminated nearly 900 invaders, destroyed 13 tanks and 37 Artisystems
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-900-okupantiv-znyshhyly-13-tankiv-i-37-artsystem/
US President on the Destruction of Kakhovsk Hydroelectric Power: We will help Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/prezydent-ssha-pro-znyshhennya-kahovskoyi-ges-my-dopomozhemo-ukrayini/
The native prisoners of defenders to get documents must be requested through CCC and JV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/ridni-polonenyh-zahysnykiv-shhob-otrymaty-dokumenty-mayut-zvertatysya-iz-zapytamy-cherez-tczk-ta-sp/
The victims of Russian hackers were 100,000 Canadians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3719768-zertvami-rosijskih-hakeriv-stali-100-tisac-kanadciv.html
In the Czech Republic for the Defense Forces of Ukraine will modernize the T-64 tanks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/u-chehiyi-dlya-syl-oborony-ukrayiny-modernizuvatymut-tanky-t-64/
The Ministry of Defense put into operation an updated procedure
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/u-minoborony-vvedeno-v-diyu-onovlenyj-poryadok-realizacziyi-vydiv-sankczij-ta-monitoryngu-yih-efektyvnosti-v-systemi-mou/
During the day, rescuers went out more than 200 times to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-ponad-200-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-2/
President about Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Person: The Russian Federation does not even try to help people in the occupied territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/prezydent-pro-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-rf-navit-ne-namagayetsya-dopomogty-lyudyam-na-okupovanyh-terytoriyah/
NATO Secretary General - during the Bucharest Nine Summit: Russia has destroyed peace in Europe
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/gensek-nato-pid-chas-samitu-buharestskoyi-devyatky-rosiya-zrujnuvala-myr-v-yevropi/
The President must be involved in the occupied Kherson region in the occupied Kherson region - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719769-do-poratunku-ludej-na-okupovanij-hersonsini-mae-negajno-dolucitisa-mkch-zelenskij.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant: This terrorist attack Russia was preparing a long time - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-czej-terakt-rosiya-gotuvala-dovgo-gur/
The Ukrainian House opened an exhibition-retrospective "How do you?"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/v-ukrayinskomu-domi-vidkrylas-vystavka-retrospektyva-ty-yak/
For the needs of the Armed Forces, components were transferred to Su-27 worth more than UAH 38 million
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/na-potreby-povitryanyh-syl-zsu-peredano-komplektuyuchi-do-su-27-vartistyu-ponad-38-mln-grn/
Армійка Вероніка Марченко стала другою на етапі Гран-прі Європи зі стрільби з лука
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/armijka-veronika-marchenko-stala-drugoyu-na-etapi-gran-pri-yevropy-zi-strilby-z-luka/
Ukraine is ready to consider the evacuation appeal from Belgodsk region - Andriy Yusov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/ukrayina-gotova-rozglyanuty-zvernennya-pro-evakuacziyu-z-byelgorodshhyny-andrij-yusov/
The Russians caused Artudar on Kherson during the evacuation of civilians, two law enforcement officers were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/rosiyany-zavdaly-artudaru-po-hersonu-pid-chas-evakuacziyi-myrnyh-meshkancziv-poraneno-dvoh-pravoohoroncziv/
In the Bakhmut direction of the Armed Forces advanced in a day from 200 to 1100 meters - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-zsu-prosunulys-za-dobu-vid-200-do-1100-metriv-ganna-malyar/
The guilty of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station will stand before the International Criminal Court - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/vykonavczi-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-postanut-pered-mizhnarodnym-kryminalnym-sudom-oleksij-reznikov/
On the left bank of the Dnieper Kherson region, the enemy has dragged its forces for 5-15 kilometers and continues to dwell on the regional center-Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/na-livomu-berezi-dnipra-hersonshhyny-vorog-vidtyagnuv-svoyi-syly-na-5-15-kilometriv-ta-prodovzhuye-gatyty-po-oblasnomu-czentru-nataliya-gumenyuk/
The SBU reported suspicion of another 7 fireboxers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/sbu-povidomyla-pro-pidozru-shhe-7-topkolaborantam/
За добу піротехніки ДСНС знешкодили понад 500 вибухонебезпечних предметів, зокрема 4 авіабомби
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-500-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-zokrema-4-aviabomby/
“Yes, there is generally an ass, at night there is p*building what is happening” – Perekholnaya Gur MO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/da-tut-voobshhe-zhopa-nochyu-tut-pzda-chto-tvorytsya-perehoplennya-gum-mo/
Journalists and museums exchanged experience on working on de -industrial lands
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/zhurnalisty-ta-muzejnyky-obminyalysya-dosvidom-pro-robotu-na-deokupovanyh-zemlyah/
Interflex Operation: As Norwegian National Guards prepare for the battles of Ukrainian soldiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/operacziya-interfleks-yak-norvezki-naczgvardijczi-gotuyut-do-boyiv-ukrayinskyh-voyiniv/
President of Ukraine congratulated five countries with election to the UN Security Council
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/prezydent-ukrayiny-pryvitav-pyat-krayin-z-obrannyam-do-rady-bezpeky-oon/
The NSDC reacted to Russian propaganda fake on the use of a "dirty bomb" by Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/u-rnbo-vidreaguvaly-na-fejk-rosijskoyi-propagandy-shhodo-zastosuvannyam-ukrayinoyu-brudnoyi-bomby/
Due to flooding, all kinds of flora and fauna of the Nizhnodniprovsky National Park were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719770-cerez-zatoplenna-postrazdali-usi-vidi-flori-ta-fauni-nacparku-niznodniprovskij.html
Using the dam of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants, the invaders were more harmed by their troops than our defense forces - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/pidirvavshy-greblyu-kahovskoyi-ges-okupanty-bilshe-nashkodyly-svoyim-vijskam-nizh-nashym-sylam-oborony-ganna-malyar/
During the day, the enemy made 57 shelling from the RSLS, there are victims among civilians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/protyagom-doby-vorog-zavdav-41-aviaudaru-ta-zdijsnyv-57-obstriliv-z-rszv-ye-zhertvy-sered-czyvilnyh/
Ворог обстріляв з мінометів території прикордоння Чернігівщини і Сумщини
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/vorog-obstrilyav-z-minometiv-terytoriyi-prykordonnya-chernigivshhyny-i-sumshhyny/
Ruslan Stefanchuk discussed with Melinda Simmons the issue of Euro -Atlantic future of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/ruslan-stefanchuk-obgovoryv-z-melindoyu-simmons-pytannya-yevroatlantychnogo-majbutnogo-ukrayiny/
No "caliber" in the Black Sea: the Russian Federation started rocket totonia at the base points
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/zhodnogo-kalibra-u-chornomu-mori-rf-zavela-raketonosiyi-u-punkty-bazuvannya/
The President of Ukraine has created another military administration in Kharkiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/prezydent-ukrayiny-stvoryv-shhe-odnu-vijskovu-administracziyu-u-harkivskij-oblasti/
In Ukraine, a telegram channel of the headquarters to eliminate the consequences of the blasting of Kakhovka hydroelectric power station has been created
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/v-ukrayini-stvoreno-telegram-kanal-shtabu-iz-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
President posthumously awarded orders and medals hundreds of defenders of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/prezydent-posmertno-nagorodyv-ordenamy-j-medallyamy-sotnyu-zahysnykiv-ukrayiny/
Coordination Headquarters Use All Opportunities to Gather Information on Prisoners of Defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-vykorystovuye-usi-mozhlyvosti-shhob-zibraty-informacziyu-pro-polonenyh-zahysnykiv/
141 settlement was fired by Rosarmia for the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/141-naselenyj-punkt-buv-obstrilyanyj-rosarmiyeyu-za-mynulu-dobu/
Cert-UA warns of cyberbushing against state organizations and Ukrainian media
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/cert-ua-poperedzhaye-pro-kibershpygunstvo-shhodo-derzhavnyh-organizaczij-ta-ukrayinskyh-media/
The enemy struck rocket strokes in Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719771-vorog-zavdav-raketnih-udariv-po-harkivsini.html
Russian society is not so unambiguous to the war -solved in Ukraine - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/rosijske-suspilstvo-ne-tak-odnoznachno-stavytsya-do-vijny-rozvyazanoyi-rosiyeyu-v-ukrayini-ganna-malyar/
Volodymyr Zelensky noted the awards of 132 defenders of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/volodymyr-zelenskyj-vidznachyv-nagorodamy-132-zahysnyka-ukrayiny/
Volodymyr Zelensky noted the awards of 132 defenders of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/volodymyr-zelenskyj-vidznachyv-nagorodamy-132-zahysnyka-ukrayiny/
The largest in history: NATO -deploying aviation will take place in Germany
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/najmasshtabnishi-v-istoriyi-u-nimechchyni-vidbudutsya-navchannya-nato-z-rozgortannya-aviacziyi/
The FSB agent was detained by the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces in Dnipropetrovsk.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/zatrymano-agenta-fsb-yakyj-shpyguvav-za-bojovoyu-aviacziyeyu-zsu-na-dnipropetrovshhyni/
The Armed Forces received large trucks to transport ammunition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/zsu-otrymaly-velykogabarytni-vantazhivky-dlya-transportuvannya-boyeprypasiv/
Russian troops can build up bahmut groups
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/rosijski-vijska-mozhut-naroshhuvaty-ugrupovannya-bilya-bahmuta/
Where and as a combatant may apply for privileges
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/kudy-i-yak-uchasnyk-bojovyh-dij-mozhe-zvernutysya-za-pryznachennyam-pilg/
Офіс Генпрокурора України: задокументовано понад 17 тисяч злочинів проти нацбезпеки
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-17-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-naczbezpeky-7/
Presidents of Ukraine and Turkey discussed the situation around Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/prezydenty-ukrayiny-ta-turechchyny-obgovoryly-sytuacziyu-dovkola-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
29 points flooded, more than 1500 people were evacuated: the first results of the headquarters to eliminate the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/pidtopleno-29-punktiv-evakujovano-ponad-1500-lyudej-pershi-pidsumky-shtabu-z-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
Zelensky: Every dead man in Kherson region is a sentence of existing international architecture
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719772-zelenskij-kozna-zagibla-ludini-na-hersonsini-virok-naavnij-miznarodnij-arhitekturi.html
Aviation of Defense Forces during the day struck 15 beats through the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/nasha-aviacziya-protyagom-doby-zavdala-15-udariv-po-vorogu/
Russia in the world is so toxic that, in fact, it doesn't matter what they claim - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/rosiya-u-sviti-ye-nastilky-toksychnoyu-shho-vlasne-ne-maye-znachennya-shho-vony-zayavlyayut-ganna-malyar/
Our art has destroyed 4 enemy management points
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/nasha-arta-urazyla-4-punkty-upravlinnya-protyvnyka/
The Russians, fearing a counter -offensive, in different parts of the front strengthen the positions behind the backs of their soldiers - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/rosiyany-boyachys-kontrnastupu-na-riznyh-dilyankah-frontu-ukriplyuyut-pozycziyi-za-spynamy-svoyih-soldativ-ganna-malyar/
Drunk racists block evacuation routes from Cossack camps
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/pyani-rashysty-blokuyut-shlyahy-evakuacziyi-z-kozachyh-lageriv/
London strongly condemns the destruction of Russia's Dam of the Kakhovsk Hydroelectric Power and Ready to Help Ukraine: OSCE's statement in the OSCE
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/london-rishuche-zasudzhuye-znyshhennya-rosiyeyu-damby-kahovskoyi-ges-ta-gotovyj-dopomogty-ukrayini-zayava-brytaniyi-v-obsye/
Unbroken Bakhmut remains one of the hottest points of the front - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/neskorenyj-bahmut-zalyshayetsya-odniyeyu-iz-najgaryachishyh-tochok-frontu-sergij-cherevatyj/
Switzerland took a step on re -export of weapons for Ukraine - Dmytro Kuleba
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/shvejczariya-zrobyla-krok-shhodo-reeksportu-zbroyi-dlya-ukrayiny-dmytro-kuleba/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a telephone conversation with Emmanuel Macron
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/volodymyr-zelenskyj-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-emmanuelem-makronom-2/
Icelandic Parliament condemned the deportation of Ukrainian children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/parlament-islandiyi-zasudyv-deportacziyu-ukrayinskyh-ditej/
The enemy lacks medical staff, students from the Russian Federation arrived at the frontline hospitals
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/u-voroga-ne-vystachaye-medpersonalu-u-pryfrontovu-zonu-prybuly-studenty-z-rf/
The invaders fired Ukrainian in the Donetsk region - two adults and a child were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3719776-zagarbniki-obstrilali-ukrainsk-na-doneccini-zaginuli-dvoe-doroslih-i-ditina.html
The State Electronic Country Management System was created in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/v-ukrayini-stvoreno-derzhavnu-elektronnu-systemu-upravlinnya-vidbudovoyu-krayiny/
In the Marinka area, Ukrainian defenders reflected 9 racist attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/u-rajoni-maryinky-ukrayinski-zahysnyky-vidbyly-9-atak-rashystiv/
In Kherson, the water level rose another one and a half meters - a report from the catastrophe site
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/u-hersoni-riven-vody-pidnyavsya-shhe-na-pivtora-metry-reportazh-z-misczya-katastrofy/
The Russian Federation has gone to the finish direct development and will certainly fall apart on pieces - Vladimir Ogryzko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/rf-vyjshla-na-finishnu-pryamu-svogo-rozvytku-i-bezumovno-rozvalytsya-na-shmatky-volodymyr-ogryzko/
The combat work of Ukrainian guns
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/bojova-robota-ukrayinskyh-garmashiv/
The EU provides assistance to Ukraine after the destruction of the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/yes-nadaye-dopomogu-ukrayini-pislya-rujnuvannya-kahovskoyi-ges/
Ukraine and the world are against Russian aggression. Sanctions in action - the CZR of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-sankcziyi-v-diyi-szr-ukrayiny/
International partners are aware that we are fighting not only for ourselves, but for the whole civilized world - Oles Olesko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/mizhnarodni-partnery-usvidomlyuyut-shho-my-voyuyemo-ne-lyshe-za-sebe-a-za-ves-czyvilizovanyj-svit-olesya-ogryzko/
It is necessary for international organizations, like an ICCH, immediately joined the rescue of people in the occupied part of Kherson region - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/potribno-shhob-mizhnarodni-organizacziyi-yak-mkchh-negajno-doluchylysya-do-poryatunku-lyudej-na-okupovanij-chastyni-hersonshhyny-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Short. War. Day 469
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/07/korotko-vijna-den-469-videodajdzhest/
In the affected regions, drinking water will provide everyone - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3719778-u-postrazdalih-regionah-pitnou-vodou-zabezpecimo-vsih-prezident.html
West Hem won Fiorentine in the UEFA Conferences Final
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719785-vest-gem-peremig-fiorentinu-u-finali-ligi-konferencij-uefa.html
Responsibility for the destruction of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station lies in Russia - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719790-vidpovidalnist-za-rujnuvanna-kahovskoi-ges-lezit-na-rosii-bilij-dim.html
Zelensky denied Ukraine's involvement in Nord Stream blast
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719788-zelenskij-sprostuvav-pricetnist-ukraini-do-pidrivu-nord-stream.html
Have been determined by all the semi-finalists "Rolan Harros" -2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719787-viznacilisa-vsi-pivfinalisti-rolan-garros2023.html
Wax released under the personal commitment of expirer of the Minister of Defense Igor Halimon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719786-vaks-vidpustiv-pid-osobiste-zobovazanna-ekszastupnika-ministra-oboroni-igora-halimona.html
The Governor-General of Canada met with Ukrainian refugees
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3719729-generalgubernator-kanadi-zustrilasa-iz-ukrainskimi-bizencami.html
West Hem won Fiorentine in the UEFA Conferences Final
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719785-vest-gem-peremig-fiorentinu-u-finali-ligi-konferencij-uefa.html
The Governor-General of Canada met with Ukrainian refugees
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3719729-generalgubernator-kanadi-zustrilasa-iz-ukrainskimi-bizencami.html
Wax released under the personal commitment of expirer of the Minister of Defense Igor Halimon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3719786-vaks-vidpustiv-pid-osobiste-zobovazanna-ekszastupnika-ministra-oboroni-igora-halimona.html
Have been determined by all the semi-finalists "Rolan Harros" -2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3719787-viznacilisa-vsi-pivfinalisti-rolan-garros2023.html
Zelensky denied Ukraine's involvement in Nord Stream blast
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719788-zelenskij-sprostuvav-pricetnist-ukraini-do-pidrivu-nord-stream.html
Responsibility for the destruction of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station lies in Russia - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3719790-vidpovidalnist-za-rujnuvanna-kahovskoi-ges-lezit-na-rosii-bilij-dim.html

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====