乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-07-06

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Odradne, Novomlynsk, Dvorichna, Zapadne, Kupyansk,...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5273
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Verkhnokamy...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5274
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Reed, Berdish, Steppe, Avdiivka, thin ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5276
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Acute, Marinka And P ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5277
At Shakhtarsk direction Russian army shelled Novomykhailivka, Vuhledar, Novoukrainka, Prech...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5278
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Levadne, Olhivske, Malynivka, Hul...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5279
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5280
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Markovo, Bogdanivka, Chrome, Ivanovo ...
https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/5-july-at-bakhmut-direction-russian-army-shelled-vasukivka
China gave up Russian aircraft engines
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/kytaj-vidmovyvsya-vid-rosijskyh-aviadvyguniv/
More than 43 billion euros spent European countries on shelter for Ukrainians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/ponad-43-mlrd-yevro-vytratyly-yevropejski-krayiny-na-pryhystok-dlya-ukrayincziv/
Prison terms received two captured fighters who helped the Russian Federation to capture Debaltseve and Popasna - the SBU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/tyuremni-stroky-otrymaly-dvoye-polonenyh-bojovykiv-yaki-dopomogly-rf-zahopyty-debalczeve-i-popasnu-sbu/
The injured from Kakhovsky Hydroe Position regions will provide water
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/postrazhdali-vid-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-regiony-zabezpechat-vodoyu/
"There is no one left in the village, there are no people" - the rashist complains of mobilization
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/v-seli-vzhe-nikogo-ne-zalyshylosya-nemaye-lyudej-perehoplennya-gur/
Several Kaliber missiles were launched from the Black Sea
https://t.me/kpszsu/3099
Air defense was active in central region of Ukraine
https://t.me/war_monitor/8570
Air defense engaging cruise missiles over Ukraine
https://t.me/lachentyt/31431
Air defense was active in Ternopil and Lviv regions
https://t.me/war_monitor/8578
Explosion was audible in Lviv
https://t.me/suspilnenews/22249
More explosions were audible in Lviv
https://t.me/suspilnenews/22250
The likelihood of hostile rocket strokes in Ukraine remains high - the General Staff
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/jmovirnist-vorozhyh-raketnyh-udariv-po-ukrayini-zalyshayetsya-vysokoyu-generalnyj-shtab-zs-ukrayiny/
Another powerful explosion in Lviv
https://t.me/lvivmedia/38687
Damage in Lviv as result of Russian missile attack
https://t.me/lvivmedia/38689
Enemy saboteurs intensified in the north direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/na-pivnichnomu-napryamku-aktyvizuvalys-vorozhi-dyversanty/
Defense forces continue an offensive operation in Melitopol and Berdyansk directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/syly-oborony-prodovzhuyut-vedennya-nastupalnoyi-operacziyi-na-melitopolskomu-ta-berdyanskomu-napryamkah/
Aircraft Defense Air For Last day has struck 13 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-mynulu-dobu-zavdala-13-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
Alexei Reznikov congratulated the continuation of NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/oleksij-reznikov-pryvitav-prodovzhennya-mandatu-genseka-nato-yensa-stoltenberga/
East Military PEC was destroyed by Russian drones over Zaporizhzhya, Dnipropetrovsk and Kharkiv regions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/vijskovi-pvk-shid-znyshhyly-rosijski-bezpilotnyky-nad-zaporizkoyu-dnipropetrovskoyu-ta-harkivskoyu-oblastyamy/
The debts of the Minnapad and other security forces were classified at the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/na-rf-zasekretyly-borgy-minnapadu-ta-inshyh-sylovykiv/
SCOs showed how successfully destroy the artillery of the racists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/sso-pokazaly-yak-vdalo-nyshhat-artyleriyu-rashystiv/
A free evacuation train will run from Donetsk region to Zhytomyr region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/iz-donechchyny-na-zhytomyrshhynu-kursuvatyme-bezkoshtovnyj-evakuaczijnyj-poyizd/
There were 40 combat clashes in Donetsk region in Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/za-dobu-na-donechchyni-vidbulosya-40-bojovyh-zitknen-z-okupantamy/
Enemy loss per day: nearly 700 invaders were eliminated, 36 artisystems and 9 RSZV were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-majzhe-700-okupantiv-znyshheno-36-artsystem-i-9-rszv/
At the Russian Federation of Bankruts manufacturer of "Grads" and "Tornado"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/na-rf-zbankrutiv-vyrobnyk-gradiv-ta-tornado/
Russian troops continue to fire Kherson region - law enforcement officers document the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/rosijski-vijska-prodovzhuyut-obstrilyuvaty-hersonshhynu-pravoohoronczi-dokumentuyut-naslidky/
The first line of defense of the invaders on the left bank of the Dnieper is destroyed by water - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/persha-liniya-oborony-okupantiv-na-livomu-berezi-dnipra-zrujnovana-vodoyu-nataliya-gumenyuk/
The Center for the Military History of the Armed Forces of Ukraine celebrated its first anniversary
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/czentr-doslidzhennya-voyennoyi-istoriyi-zbrojnyh-syl-ukrayiny-vidznachyv-svoyu-pershu-richnyczyu/
Up to 10 years behind bars, the FSB informant, who was spying on Bakhmut's defenses
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/do-10-rokiv-za-gratamy-zasudzheno-informatorku-fsb-yaka-shpyguvala-za-oboronczyamy-bahmuta/
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Berdyshi, Steppe, Avdiivka, Severene, Nevelsk ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5285
Bulgaria has been sheltered by more than 140,000 Ukrainians since the beginning of the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732406-bolgaria-vid-pocatku-vijni-prihistila-ponad-140-tisac-ukrainciv.html
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Krasnohorivka, Hanivka, Maryinka and Pobyeda of Do...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5286
At Shakhtarske direction Russian army shelled Novomykhaylivka, Vuhledar, Novoukrayinka and Pr...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5287
Usik - Dubois will take place on August 26
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732332-bij-usik-dubua-vidbudetsa-26-serpna.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Levadne, Olhivske, Malynivka, Hul...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5288
The court obliged the Britain's government to reveal Joneson's correspondence in the COVID Evening Case
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732492-sud-zobovazav-urad-britanii-rozkriti-listuvanna-dzonsona-u-spravi-pro-covidvecirki.html
Fifteen Ukrainian regions will rebuild 26 settlements of Right -Bank Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3732490-patnadcat-ukrainskih-regioniv-vidbuduut-26-naselenih-punktiv-pravobereznoi-hersonsini.html
The head of the State Property Fund has appointed two new deputies
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732488-golovi-fondu-derzmajna-priznacili-dvoh-novih-zastupnikiv.html
During the rocket attack in Lviv, ten shelves were closed - the head of the Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732489-pid-cas-raketnoi-ataki-u-lvovi-buli-zacineni-desat-ukrittiv-golova-ova.html
Formula-1 in the 20124 season will take 24 races for the first time
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732486-formula1-v-sezoni2024-vperse-provede-24-gonki.html
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Petro-Ivanivka, Figolivka, Monachivka, Husynka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5282
Poland will unite the media larles of Eastern Europe to counteract the propaganda of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732480-polsa-obednae-mediaregulatoriv-shidnoi-evropi-dla-protidii-propagandi-rf.html
Zelensky meets with Czech President Pavel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732479-zelenskij-zustricaetsa-z-prezidentom-cehii-pavelom.html
Violation of Operation of block 
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732477-porusenna-ekspluatacii-bloka-5-zaes-moze-spriciniti-masstabnij-vikid-radiacii-energoatom.html
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Markovo, Chrome, Alexander-Shultine A ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5284
Residential apartments block was damaged as result of Russian missile attack in Lviv, there a...
https://t.me/kozytskyy_maksym_official/9066
4 person killed, 9 wounded as result of  Russian missile attack in Lviv
https://t.me/hromadske_ua/34858
Ukrainian air defense shot down 7 of 10 Russian Kalibr cruise missiles
https://t.me/kpszsu/3108
Number of injured in Lviv increased to 37
https://t.me/babel/35112
Russian troops shelled Chervonohryhorivka and Nikopol communities
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/45755
JSC Sivershchyna And Slobozhanshchina Directions Rusian Army Shelled Mountain, Oleksandrivka, those ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5281
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske, Ver...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5283
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5289
Russian artillery shelled the Odnorobivka railway station in the Zolochiv community in the Kh...
https://t.me/h_chernihiv/13094
President Zelensky is on visit in Bulgaria, met with PM Nikolai Denkov
https://t.me/V_Zelenskiy_official/6869
Death toll of Russian missile strike in Lviv increased to 5, 40 more wounded
https://t.me/babel/35132
Explosions were reported in Makiivka
https://t.me/lachentyt/31460
Guided aerial bomb exploded near Kherson
https://t.me/kherson_non_fake/8852
With the support of the NATO Program, the Armed Forces Project started on psychological rehabilitation and stability of the military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/za-pidtrymky-programy-nato-u-zsu-startuvav-proyekt-z-psyhologichnoyi-reabilitacziyi-ta-stijkosti-vijskovyh/
In Lviv from under Zaliv got another dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732493-u-lvovi-zpid-zavaliv-distali-se-odnu-zagiblu.html
A serviceman of the Russian Federation compares the accuracy of conducting fire of two armies - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/vijskovosluzhbovecz-rf-porivnyuye-tochnist-vedennya-vognyu-dvoh-armij-perehoplennya-gur/
Zelensky about a counter -offensive: we go forward, the initiative now with us
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732510-zelenskij-pro-kontrnastup-idemo-vpered-iniciativa-zaraz-u-nas.html
At the Zaporizhzhia NPP, power was restored with the main 750 kV power line. Now the station ...
https://t.me/channel24_ua/95509
Explosions reported in Donetsk
https://t.me/lachentyt/31466
Explosions were audible over Belgorod
https://t.me/kharkivlife/63615
States will continue missions against ISIL in Syria despite provocation of Russians - Pentagon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732502-stati-prodovzat-misii-proti-idil-u-sirii-popri-provokacii-rosian-pentagon.html
In four directions per day there were 38 combat clashes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/na-chotyroh-napryamkah-za-dobu-vidbulosya-38-bojovyh-zitknen/
NATO's invitation should demonstrate the world of strength and unity - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732511-zaprosennam-ukraini-nato-mae-prodemonstruvati-svitovi-micnist-ta-ednanna-zelenskij.html
Ukrainians got the first rivals at the 2023 FIFA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732512-ukrainki-otrimali-persih-supernic-na-cs2023-z-gandbolu.html
The occupiers have struck five Shahd UAVs - two of them were destroyed by Ukrainian air defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/okupanty-zavdaly-udaru-pyatma-bpla-typu-shahed-dva-z-nyh-znyshheno-ukrayinskoyu-ppo/
In Melitopol, the invaders are displaced in the "free" apartments of the military - the mayor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732499-u-melitopoli-zagarbniki-rozselaut-u-vilni-kvartiri-vijskovih-mer.html
Volodymyr Zelenskyi has already arrived in Prague and met with the leader of the Czech Republ...
https://t.me/babel/35159
Zelensky signed a new version of the Consumer Protection Act
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732329-zelenskij-pidpisav-novu-redakciu-zakonu-pro-zahist-prav-spozivaciv.html
June 2023 was recognized as warmest in history
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732306-cerven-2023-roku-viznali-najteplisim-v-istorii.html
Our defenders repelled all the enemy attacks in Kupyansk - the construction of the General Staff
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/na-zaporizkomu-ta-hersonskomu-napryamkah-protyvnyk-obstrilyav-ponad-40-naselenyh-punktiv/
The Venice Film Festival will open the comedy Luke Guadagnino "Challengers"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3732333-venecijskij-kinofestival-vidkrie-komedia-luki-guadanino-cellendzeri.html
The Ukrainian diplomat discussed the opportunity to study the native language students from Ukraine in Spain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3732291-predstavnik-posolstva-obgovoriv-mozlivist-vivcennam-skolarami-z-ukraini-ridnoi-movi-v-ispanii.html
Two illegally exported Ukrainian children were returned to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732337-v-ukrainu-povernulis-dvoe-nezakonno-vivezenih-do-rosii-ukrainskih-ditej.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
Covid-Carantine in Ukraine: Final Statistics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732340-covidkarantin-v-ukraini-finalna-statistika.html
Russia should get out of the territory of Ukraine - Prime Minister of Bulgaria without any conditions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732343-rosia-povinna-bez-zodnih-umov-vijti-z-teritorii-ukraini-premer-bolgarii.html
Ukraine has brought Russian IVI to the list of services of the aggressor state
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3732345-ukraina-vnesla-rosijskij-do-pereliku-servisiv-derzaviagresora.html
On July 19, the Ministers of Five EU countries will discuss the continuation of the ban on grain from Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732346-ministri-pati-krain-es-19-lipna-obgovorat-prodovzenna-zaboroni-na-zbizza-z-ukraini.html
In London the car crashed into a school building, seven children and two adults were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732347-u-londoni-avtomobil-vrizavsa-u-budivlu-skoli-postrazdali-semero-ditej-i-dvoe-doroslih.html
The first 19 participants will receive ₴ 6.8 million under the veteran business support program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732349-persi-19-ucasnikiv-otrimaut-68-miljona-za-programou-pidtrimki-veteranskogo-biznesu.html
US President Elections can affect the amount of assistance to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732350-vibori-prezidenta-ssa-mozut-vplinuti-na-rozmir-dopomogi-ukraini.html
In Kherson the enemy hit the house - three wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732353-u-hersoni-vnaslidok-obstrilu-postrazdali-troe-ludej.html
Britain has decided on a new ambassador to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732341-britania-viznacilasa-z-novim-poslom-v-ukraini.html
Bulgaria Parliament supported Ukraine's membership in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732357-parlament-bolgarii-pidtrimav-clenstvo-ukraini-v-nato.html
Zelensky called very meaningful talks with Bulgaria Prime Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732358-zelenskij-nazvav-duze-zmistovnimi-peregovori-z-premerom-bolgarii.html
Georgia Ambassador left Kiev at the request of the leadership of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732359-posol-gruzii-zalisiv-kiiv-na-vimogu-kerivnictva-ukraini.html
In Nikolaev exposed a scheme of leisure from agro -exporters - bribes demanded for veterinary certificates
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732363-u-mikolaevi-kerivnik-derzprodspozivsluzbi-vimagav-habar-u-eksporteriv-silgospprodukcii-do-es.html
The Armed Forces in the Taurian direction destroyed five warehouses with enemy ammunition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732362-zsu-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-znisili-pat-skladiv-iz-boepripasami-voroga.html
The enemy fired Donetsk region - a woman killed, four wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732365-vorog-obstrilav-doneccinu-zaginula-zinka-cetvero-poranenih.html
Lebanon put rocket strokes on Israel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732367-livan-zavdav-raketnih-udariv-po-izrailu.html
Shevchenko and Zinchenko presented the design of a charity match in support of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732368-sevcenko-ta-zincenko-prezentuvali-dizajn-futbolok-blagodijnogo-matcu-na-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
In Ukraine, the first five motor schools have opened for people with disabilities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732369-v-ukraini-vidkrilisa-persi-pat-avtoskil-dla-ludej-z-invalidnistu.html
Raiffeisen Bank postponed plans to exit Russia - Reuters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732372-rajffajzen-bank-vidklav-plani-vihodu-z-rosii-reuters.html
Solsky discussed the work of the Grain Corridor with Turkey's Agriculture with Turkey
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732377-solskij-obgovoriv-z-ministrom-silskogo-gospodarstva-tureccini-robotu-zernovogo-koridoru.html
In Vinnitsa, the first 12 Swiss trams tram 2000 were released on routes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732378-u-vinnici-vijsli-na-marsruti-persi-12-svejcarskih-tramvaiv-tram-2000.html
In London the child was killed due to the car crashed into the school building
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732382-u-londoni-ditina-zaginula-vnaslidok-togo-so-avtomobil-vrizavsa-u-budivlu-skoli.html
In Frankivsk presented a book about Stepan Lenkavsky "OUN Monk"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3732380-u-frankivsku-prezentuvali-knigu-pro-stepana-lenkavskogo-monah-oun.html
The men's team of beach football won the second victory in the qualification of the 2024 World Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732381-colovica-zbirna-ukraini-z-plaznogo-futbolu-zdobula-drugu-peremogu-v-kvalifikacii-cs2024.html
One of the units of the ZPP occupiers plan to translate into a state of "hot stop"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732383-odin-z-energoblokiv-zaes-okupanti-planuut-perevesti-u-stan-garacogo-zupinu.html
A service for payment of utilities appeared in the Kyiv digital application
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3732385-u-zastosunku-kiiv-cifrovij-zavivsa-servis-dla-oplati-komunalnih-poslug.html
In Lviv around the clock will not close the shelter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732387-u-lvovi-cilodobovo-ne-zacinatimut-ukritta.html
In the EU called a military crime rocket strike in Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732388-u-es-nazvali-voennim-zlocinom-raketnij-udar-po-lvovu.html
In the Kherson region, the Russians dropped explosives near the gift point of gum, is injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732389-na-hersonsini-rosiani-skinuli-vibuhivku-bila-punktu-vidaci-gumdopomogi-e-poranena.html
Klitschko removed from the duties of the director of Kyivbudrestructure
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3732391-klicko-vidstoroniv-vid-obovazkiv-direktora-kiivbudrekonstrukcii.html
Danish company will help restore the hostel "Chernihiv Polytechnic"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3732360-danska-kompania-dopomoze-vidnoviti-gurtozitok-cernigivskoi-politehniki.html
The European Commission has released the annual strategic forecast
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732392-evrokomisia-opriludnila-soricnij-strategicnij-prognoz.html
Counter -offensive, though not so fast - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732393-kontrnastup-prosuvaetsa-hoc-i-ne-tak-svidko-zelenskij.html
In Odessa, a deputy of the regional council and his wife are suspected of stealing more than ₴ 24 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732395-v-odesi-deputata-oblradi-ta-jogo-druzinu-pidozruut-u-rozkradanni-ponad-24-miljoniv.html
Defense forces per day eliminated 600 invaders, destroyed 22 artsystems and 9 air defense means
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-600-okupantiv-znyshhyly-22-artsystemy-ta-9-zasobiv-ppo/
Finland has intensified restrictions on entry for Russian citizens
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732402-finlandia-posilila-obmezenna-sodo-vizdu-dla-gromadan-rf.html
China is interested in maintaining anti -Western regime in Russia - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732401-kitaj-zacikavlenij-u-zberezenni-antizahidnogo-rezimu-v-rosii-ekspert.html
In Kharkiv, the tractor exploded on the explosive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732405-na-harkivsini-traktor-pidirvavsa-na-vibuhivci.html
Bulgaria has been sheltered by more than 140,000 Ukrainians since the beginning of the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732406-bolgaria-vid-pocatku-vijni-prihistila-ponad-140-tisac-ukrainciv.html
Rotan: I am very pleased to work with guys - every minute spent together will be in my heart forever
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732408-rotan-meni-duze-priemno-bulo-pracuvati-z-hlopcami-kozna-hvilina-provedena-razom-bude-v-moemu-serci-nazavzdi.html
In Crimea, students are forced to sign summons in exchange for passing the exams - human rights activists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3732409-u-krimu-studentiv-zmusuut-pidpisuvati-povistki-v-obmin-na-skladanna-ispitiv-pravozahisniki.html
From the beginning of the war, Ukraine freed from the Russians about 1900 settlements - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732413-ukraina-z-pocatku-vijni-zvilnila-vid-rosian-blizko-1900-naselenih-punktiv-zelenskij.html
Known date of revenge on Joshua's battle - White
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732412-vidoma-data-revansu-bou-dzosua-vajt.html
The UN Security Council voted for Ukraine's participation in Iran's meeting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732411-radbez-oon-progolosuvav-za-ucast-ukraini-v-zasidanni-sodo-iranu.html
Due to Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station on the Right Bank, 148 archaeological monuments are damaged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3732415-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-na-pravoberezzi-poskodzeni-148-arheologicnih-pamatok.html
Zelensky met with Bulgaria President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732421-zelenskij-zustrivsa-z-prezidentom-bolgarii.html
WAKS started consideration of the claim for confiscation of assets of Russian designer Lebedev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732418-vaks-rozpocav-rozglad-pozovu-pro-konfiskaciu-aktiviv-rosijskogo-dizajnera-lebedeva.html
The house next to Sofia Kyiv was included in the list of cultural heritage objects
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3732420-budinok-porad-iz-sofieu-kiivskou-vnesli-do-pereliku-obektiv-kulturnoi-spadsini.html
The National Bank excluded 20 participants of the non -bank market in June in June
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732419-nacbank-u-cervni-vikluciv-iz-reestru-20-ucasnikiv-nebankivskogo-rinku.html
Former CIA Director called for increased international pressure on Moscow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732425-kolisnij-direktor-cru-zaklikav-posiliti-miznarodnij-tisk-na-moskvu.html
Ukraine's international reserves have increased to almost $ 39 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732426-miznarodni-rezervi-ukraini-zrosli-do-majze-39-milardiv.html
In Chernivtsi, an international business forum presented a cross-border tourist route
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732428-u-cernivcah-na-miznarodnomu-biznesforumi-predstavili-transkordonnij-turisticnij-marsrut.html
In Kiev presented a collection of poetry "It turns out, you were in the basement of the Mariupol Theater, God!"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3732429-u-kievi-prezentuvali-zbirku-poezij-viavlaetsa-ti-buv-u-pidvali-mariupolskogo-teatru-boze.html
Zelensky thanked involved for returning home prisoners of Ukrainians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732432-zelenskij-podakuvav-pricetnim-za-povernenna-dodomu-polonenih-ukrainciv.html
The National Council and the MES will cooperate in the field of media education - Gerasimyuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732433-nacrada-i-mon-spivpracuvatimut-v-galuzi-mediaosviti-gerasimuk.html
On Hoverla because of a lightning hit two people killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732438-na-goverli-cerez-vlucanna-bliskavki-zaginuli-dvoe-ludej.html
To Theards the first day joined 30 million users
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3732441-tridcat-miljoniv-koristuvaciv-priednalisa-do-novoi-socmerezi-theards-u-persij-den.html
French Foreign Ministry called a military crime rocket strike of Russia in Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732440-mzs-francii-nazvalo-voennim-zlocinom-raketnij-udar-rosii-po-lvovu.html
USAID increases grant support for small and medium -sized business recovery up to ₴ 92 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732445-usaid-zbilsue-grantovu-pidtrimku-na-vidnovlenna-malogo-ta-serednogo-biznesu-do-92-miljoniv.html
The national team of Ukraine defeated Sweden volleyball players in the Golden Euroliz
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732442-zbirna-ukraini-rozgromila-volejbolistok-svecii-u-zolotij-evrolizi.html
Zelensky started a visit to the Czech Republic
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732443-zelenskij-rozpocav-vizit-u-cehiu.html
Criminal blows of the enemy caused to Ukrainians from the beginning of the Great War
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732436-zlocinni-udari-voroga-zapodiani-ukraincam-vid-pocatku-velikoi-vijni.html
Zelensky - about counter -offensive: we go on foot, because we are exchanging, and then the technique is moving
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732444-zelenskij-pro-kontrnastup-idemo-piski-bo-rozminovuemo-a-potim-ruhaetsa-tehnika.html
Pentagon continues to consider providing Ukraine with cassette ammunition to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732494-pentagon-prodovzue-rozgladati-nadanna-ukraini-kasetnih-boepripasiv.html
Missile blow to Lviv: are dead and injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/raketnyj-udar-po-lvovu-ye-zagybli-ta-poraneni/
The invaders fired at the Nikopol region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732449-zagarbniki-obstrilali-nikopolsinu.html
268-meter asteroid is approaching the ground
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3732450-do-zemli-nablizaetsa-268metrovij-asteroid.html
Defense forces occur in the south and are fixed near Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732457-sili-oboroni-nastupaut-na-pivdni-i-zakripluutsa-bila-bahmuta.html
UN Secretariat within 30 days should provide information on the supply of drones from Iran
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732453-sekretariat-oon-protagom-30-dniv-mae-nadati-dokazi-postacanna-rosii-droniv-z-iranu.html
A 3D show dedicated to the drowning of Moscow's missile cruiser was opened in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3732460-u-kievi-vidkrili-3dsou-prisvacene-potoplennu-raketnogo-krejsera-moskva.html
The military continues active offensive actions, the initiative is on the side of the Armed Forces - Zaluzhny
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732455-vijskovi-prodovzuut-aktivni-nastupalni-dii-iniciativa-perebuvae-na-boci-zsu-zaluznij.html
Kalinina will play with US-Oen champion in the second circle of the Wimbledon tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732459-kalinina-zigrae-z-cempionkou-usopen-u-drugomu-koli-vimbldonskogo-turniru.html
SBU showed exclusive footage from the last exchange of prisoners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732461-sbu-pokazala-ekskluzivni-kadri-z-ostannogo-obminu-polonenimi.html
The Russian Federation has a secret plant for Iranian drones - FT
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732463-rf-oblastovue-taemnij-zavod-z-virobnictva-iranskih-droniv-ft.html
Ukrinform is on Threads!
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3732298-ukrinform-e-na-threads.html
Russia has launched more than a thousand Iranian drones in Ukraine - Kyslytsia in the UN Security Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732464-rosia-zapustila-po-ukraini-vze-ponad-tisacu-iranskih-droniv-kislica-v-radbezi-oon.html
Ukrainian basketball players beat the Austrian team on Euro 2023 (U18)
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732465-ukrainski-basketbolistki-obigrali-komandu-avstrii-na-evro2023-u18.html
If we wanted to fight, Ukraine would already be on the territory of the Russian Federation - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732466-akbi-mi-hotili-vouvati-ukraina-vze-bula-b-na-teritorii-rf-zelenskij.html
In Kiev, through heat, restrictions on the traffic of trucks were introduced
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3732287-u-kievi-cerez-speku-zaprovadili-obmezenna-na-ruh-vantazivok.html
The head of the Armed Forces told the Ambassadors of the G7 about the work of the courts in the conditions of war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732468-golova-vs-rozpoviv-poslam-g7-pro-robotu-sudiv-v-umovah-vijni.html
The Netherlands has already provided to Ukraine € 1.9 billion military assistance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732469-niderlandi-vze-nadali-ukraini-19-milarda-vijskovoi-dopomogi.html
Zelensky called NATO in Vilnius to motivate Ukraine: this is not so high price for suffering
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732470-zelenskij-zaklikav-nato-u-vilnusi-motivuvati-ukrainu-ce-ne-taka-visoka-cina-za-strazdanna.html
Missile blow to Lviv: One family still doesn't get in touch
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732471-raketnij-udar-po-lvovu-odna-rodina-dosi-ne-vihodit-na-zvazok.html
An exhibition of paintings by Maria Primachenko opened in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3732473-u-kievi-vidkrilasa-vistavka-kartin-marii-primacenko.html
The Ukrainian Basketball Team arrived in Northern Macedonia for youth Euro 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732476-zbirna-ukraini-z-basketbolu-pribula-do-makedonii-na-molodiznij-evro2023.html
Violation of Operation of block 
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732477-porusenna-ekspluatacii-bloka-5-zaes-moze-spriciniti-masstabnij-vikid-radiacii-energoatom.html
Zelensky meets with Czech President Pavel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732479-zelenskij-zustricaetsa-z-prezidentom-cehii-pavelom.html
Poland will unite the media larles of Eastern Europe to counteract the propaganda of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732480-polsa-obednae-mediaregulatoriv-shidnoi-evropi-dla-protidii-propagandi-rf.html
Formula-1 in the 20124 season will take 24 races for the first time
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732486-formula1-v-sezoni2024-vperse-provede-24-gonki.html
During the rocket attack in Lviv, ten shelves were closed - the head of the Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732489-pid-cas-raketnoi-ataki-u-lvovi-buli-zacineni-desat-ukrittiv-golova-ova.html
The head of the State Property Fund has appointed two new deputies
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732488-golovi-fondu-derzmajna-priznacili-dvoh-novih-zastupnikiv.html
7 out of 10 calibers were destroyed: Air Force told about the night attack of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/znyshheno-7-iz-10-kalibriv-povitryani-syly-rozpovily-pro-nichnu-ataku-rf/
Fifteen Ukrainian regions will rebuild 26 settlements of Right -Bank Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3732490-patnadcat-ukrainskih-regioniv-vidbuduut-26-naselenih-punktiv-pravobereznoi-hersonsini.html
The court obliged the Britain's government to reveal Joneson's correspondence in the COVID Evening Case
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732492-sud-zobovazav-urad-britanii-rozkriti-listuvanna-dzonsona-u-spravi-pro-covidvecirki.html
In Lviv from under Zaliv got another dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732493-u-lvovi-zpid-zavaliv-distali-se-odnu-zagiblu.html
Pentagon continues to consider providing Ukraine with cassette ammunition to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732494-pentagon-prodovzue-rozgladati-nadanna-ukraini-kasetnih-boepripasiv.html
The Russians fired Sumy region border with helicopter with uncontrollable aviation missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732491-rosiani-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-z-gelikoptera-nekerovanimi-aviacijnimi-raketami.html
Russia is weaker than seemed - Paul
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732501-rosia-slabsa-niz-zdavalosa-pavel.html
The enemy launched a "shame" from the south, in a number of areas - air anxiety
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732503-vorog-zapustiv-sahedi-u-nizci-oblastej-povitrana-trivoga.html
The Czech Republic is interested in Ukraine after the war become a member of NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732504-cehia-zacikavlena-sob-ukraina-pisla-vijni-stala-clenom-nato.html
Kostyuk, Kalinina, Bindl and sisters Kichenok - will perform on the fifth day of Wimbledon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732506-kostuk-kalinina-bajndl-ta-sestri-kicenok-vistuplat-u-patij-den-vimbldona.html
After the war, its own analogue of the best public broadcasters in the world - Gerasimyuk may appear
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732484-pisla-vijni-moze-postati-vlasnij-analog-najkrasih-suspilnih-movnikiv-u-sviti-gerasimuk.html
The White House is said to be unknown about the place of Prigogine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732507-u-bilomu-domi-kazut-so-ne-znaut-pro-misce-perebuvanna-prigozina.html
Zelensky about a counter -offensive: we go forward, the initiative now with us
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732510-zelenskij-pro-kontrnastup-idemo-vpered-iniciativa-zaraz-u-nas.html
States will continue missions against ISIL in Syria despite provocation of Russians - Pentagon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732502-stati-prodovzat-misii-proti-idil-u-sirii-popri-provokacii-rosian-pentagon.html
NATO's invitation should demonstrate the world of strength and unity - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732511-zaprosennam-ukraini-nato-mae-prodemonstruvati-svitovi-micnist-ta-ednanna-zelenskij.html
Ukrainians got the first rivals at the 2023 FIFA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732512-ukrainki-otrimali-persih-supernic-na-cs2023-z-gandbolu.html
In Melitopol, the invaders are displaced in the "free" apartments of the military - the mayor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732499-u-melitopoli-zagarbniki-rozselaut-u-vilni-kvartiri-vijskovih-mer.html
Ten military administrations were created in the Zaporozhye region - Presidential Decree
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/u-zaporizkij-oblasti-stvoreno-desyat-vijskovyh-administraczij-ukaz-prezydenta/
The North Atlantic Alliance has appointed the date of the first meeting in the format of the Council of Ukraine -NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/pivnichnoatlantychnyj-alyans-pryznachyv-datu-pershogo-zasidannya-u-formati-rady-ukrayina-nato/
US is closely watching the situation on the ZPP - White House
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/ssha-pylno-stezhyt-za-sytuacziyeyu-na-zaes-bilyj-dim/
The main narrative promoted by the Russian media: "Kiev is preparing to attack the ZPP"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/osnovnyj-naratyv-shho-prosuvayut-rosijski-zmi-kyyiv-gotuyetsya-atakuvaty-zaes/
The Russians fired Sumy region border with helicopter with uncontrollable aviation missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732491-rosiani-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-z-gelikoptera-nekerovanimi-aviacijnimi-raketami.html
Demining Ukraine: 416 explosive items were neutralized per day of pyrotechnics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/rozminuvannya-ukrayiny-za-dobu-pirotehniky-zneshkodyly-416-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
The invaders during the day were fired at the border of Chernihiv and Sumy region ten times
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/zagarbnyky-uprodovzh-dnya-desyat-raziv-obstrilyaly-prykordonnya-chernigivshhyny-ta-sumshhyny/
Informant who "drained" the positions of Ukrainian artillery under Bakhmut, threatens up to 15 years in prison
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/informatoru-yakyj-zlyvav-pozycziyi-ukrayinskoyi-artyleriyi-pid-bahmutom-zagrozhuye-do-15-rokiv-vyaznyczi/
In the Black Sea, Russia holds six rocket launchers with 22 "calibers"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/u-chornomu-mori-rosiya-utrymuye-shist-raketonosiyiv-z-22-kalibramy/
US Ambassador - About Lviv Terrorist Fires by Russia: We will continue to strengthen Ukraine's ability to defend ourselves
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/posol-ssha-pro-terorystychni-obstrily-lvova-rosiyeyu-my-prodovzhuvatymemo-zmicznyuvaty-zdatnist-ukrayiny-zahyshhatysya/
The number of rocket attacks in Lviv increased to 37, four dead
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/kilkist-postrazhdalyh-vid-raketnoyi-ataky-u-lvovi-zbilshylasya-do-37-chetvero-zagyblyh/
The military presented Vladimir Zelensky "Happy" chevron of the Danylo Apostle Brigade
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/vijskovyj-podaruvav-volodymyru-zelenskomu-shhaslyvyj-shevron-brygady-imeni-danyla-apostola/
The President of Ukraine arrived in Bulgaria: will discuss with the country's management defense support and NATO summit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/prezydent-ukrayiny-prybuv-do-bolgariyi-obgovoryt-z-kerivnycztvom-krayiny-oboronnu-pidtrymku-ta-samit-nato/
Ukraine after the war will give up call in the current sense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/ukrayina-pislya-vijny-vidmovytsya-vid-pryzovu-v-nynishnomu-rozuminni/
Without liberation of Crimea cannot be victory - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/bez-zvilnennya-krymu-ne-mozhe-buty-peremogy-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Russia is weaker than seemed - Paul
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732501-rosia-slabsa-niz-zdavalosa-pavel.html
Ukrainian defenders showed a mortar unit combat work
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-pokazaly-bojovu-robotu-minometnogo-pidrozdilu/
In Ukraine again paste a photo to your passport after reaching the age of 25 or 45 years of age
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/v-ukrayini-znovu-vkleyuyut-fotografiyu-v-pasport-pry-dosyagnenni-25-chy-45-richnogo-viku/
Armed Forces Servicemen are trained in fire training in the framework of Interflex Operation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/novozelandski-instruktory-v-ramkah-operacziyi-interfleks-provodyat-navchannya-vijskovyh-zsu-z-vognevoyi-pidgotovky/
March Prigogine demonstrated Putin's weakness
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/marsh-prygozhyna-prodemonstruvav-slabkist-putina/
Ukrainian composer performed musical works on a Russian rocket from Hurricane RSSU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/ukrayinskyj-kompozytor-vykonav-muzychni-tvory-na-rosijskij-raketi-vid-rszv-uragan/
In the Tavriysk direction, the artillery of the forces of the last day fulfilled 1293 fire tasks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-artyleriya-syl-oborony-mynuloyi-doby-vykonala-1293-vognevi-zavdannya/
Over the past day, Ukrainian aviation has struck 13 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/za-mynulu-dobu-ukrayinska-aviacziya-zavdala-13-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
Ukraine adheres to international standards of justice and impartiality about military criminals
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/ukrayina-dotrymuyetsya-mizhnarodnyh-standartiv-spravedlyvosti-ta-neuperedzhenosti-shhodo-voyennyh-zlochyncziv/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy showed the consequences of a rocket strike of the Russian Federation in Lviv
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/volodymyr-zelenskyj-pokazav-naslidky-raketnogo-udaru-rf-po-lvovu/
Military bonds for over UAH 59 billion this year have purchased individuals and legal entities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/vijskovyh-obligaczij-na-ponad-59-mlrd-grn-czogorich-prydbaly-fizychni-ta-yurydychni-osoby/
In the Bakhmut direction we push the enemy on the southern and northern flank - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-my-vidtisnyayemo-protyvnyka-na-pivdennomu-ta-pivnichnomu-flangah-sergij-cherevatyj/
The enemy launched a "shame" from the south, in a number of areas - air anxiety
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732503-vorog-zapustiv-sahedi-u-nizci-oblastej-povitrana-trivoga.html
Greetings to the Minister of Defense of Ukraine to the participants of the III European Games
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/pryvitannya-ministra-oborony-ukrayiny-uchasnykam-iii-yevropejskyh-igor/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-2/
In Makeevka, the Armed Forces destroyed the Russian warehouse with ammunition and rockets to "Grads" - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/u-makiyivczi-zsu-znyshhyly-rosijskyj-sklad-z-boyeprypasamy-ta-raketamy-do-gradiv-ganna-malyar/
The Defense Ministry presented an updated summer field of women's clothing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/u-minoborony-prezentuvaly-onovlenu-litnyu-polovu-zhinochu-formu-odyagu/
The number of victims of Russian shelling in Lviv has increased to five 8217; yata
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/kilkist-zhertv-rosijskogo-obstrilu-v-lvovi-zbilshylas-do-pyaty/
Council Secretary General - About Missile Attack in Lviv: For those who have committed these horrific actions, there will be responsibility
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/gensek-rady-yevropy-pro-raketnu-ataku-po-lvovu-dlya-tyh-hto-skoyiv-czi-zhahlyvi-diyi-nastane-vidpovidalnist/
The President of Ukraine in Bulgaria met with Prime Minister of the country: Defense cooperation - among priority issues
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/prezydent-ukrayiny-u-bolgariyi-zustrivsya-z-premyerom-krayiny-oboronna-spivpraczya-sered-priorytetnyh-pytan/
The government discussed the issues of reform of Ukraine's security and defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/v-uryadi-obgovoryly-pytannya-shhodo-reformy-bezpeky-ta-oborony-ukrayiny/
Another exchange: 43 Ukrainian defenders returned from captivity
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/chergovyj-obmin-z-polonu-povernulysya-45-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv/
F-16-Yuri Ignati
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/dlya-pidvyshhennya-efektyvnosti-syl-ppo-potribni-f-16-yurij-ignat/
The drone army launches a charity initiative with Ukrzaliznytsia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/armiya-droniv-zapuskaye-blagodijnu-inicziatyvu-z-ukrzaliznyczeyu/
The Czech Republic is interested in Ukraine after the war become a member of NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732504-cehia-zacikavlena-sob-ukraina-pisla-vijni-stala-clenom-nato.html
Canada Prime Minister discussed NATO Secretary General NATO NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/premyer-kanady-obgovoryv-z-gensekom-nato-bagatorichnyj-paket-dopomogy-nato-dlya-ukrayiny/
Russia's Military Crimes against Ukraine: Over 96,000 cases have been documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/voyenni-zlochyny-rosiyi-proty-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-96-tysyach-vypadkiv/
Energoatom warns that the threat to the ZPP grows through incompetent Russian staff at the station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/energoatom-poperedzhaye-zagroza-na-zaes-zrostaye-cherez-nekompetentnyj-rosijskyj-personal-na-stancziyi/
The army of the Russian Federation fired at 156 settlements of Ukraine in a day, 136 OB ’ Infrastructure were damaged
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/armiya-rf-za-dobu-obstrilyala-156-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-poshkodzheno-136-obyektiv-infrastruktury/
Finland sends a new military assistance package to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/finlyandiya-vidpravlyaye-v-ukrayinu-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy/
According to the prosecutor's office, assets of the Russian airline are nationalized
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/za-materialamy-prokuratury-naczionalizovano-aktyvy-rosijskoyi-aviakompaniyi/
Among the 47 Ukrainians who returned from captivity today, two children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/sered-47-ukrayincziv-shho-sogodni-povernulysya-z-polonu-dvoye-ditej/
Russia is ripe to the Civil War - Cyril Budanov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/rosiya-dozrila-do-gromadyanskoyi-vijny-%e2%80%95-kyrylo-budanov/
Russia forms new assault units "Storm Zet" from prisoners
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/rosiya-formuye-novi-shturmovi-pidrozdily-shtorm-zet-z-chysla-uvyaznenyh/
It is very important now that the Alliance countries have stated that Ukraine will be in NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/nyni-duzhe-vazhlyvo-zayavyty-krayinam-alyansu-shho-ukrayina-bude-v-nato/
Kostyuk, Kalinina, Bindl and sisters Kichenok - will perform on the fifth day of Wimbledon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3732506-kostuk-kalinina-bajndl-ta-sestri-kicenok-vistuplat-u-patij-den-vimbldona.html
Doctors work out the response algorithm in case
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/medyky-vidpraczovuyut-algorytm-reaguvannya-v-razi-jmovirnogo-teraktu-na-zaes/
For a counter -offensive: The Drone Army transferred more than 600 drones to the front
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/dlya-kontrnastupu-armiya-droniv-peredala-na-front-shhe-ponad-600-bezpilotnykiv/
The World Congress of Ukrainians called on the Alliance to start a formal process of Ukraine's accession to NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/svitovyj-kongres-ukrayincziv-zaklykav-alyans-rozpochaty-formalnyj-proczes-vstupu-ukrayiny-do-nato/
In Ukraine nationalized the aircraft of one of the largest manufacturers of military aircraft aviation equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/v-ukrayini-naczionalizuvaly-litak-odnogo-z-najbilshyh-vyrobnykiv-vijskovoyi-aviatehniky-rf/
Attack on the site
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/ataka-na-sajt-svitovogo-kongresu-ukrayincziv-hakery-aktyvizuvalys-pered-samitom-nato/
The President of Ukraine has entered the NSDC decision on the introduction of sanctions against 18 legal entities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/prezydent-ukrayiny-vviv-u-diyu-sankcziyi-proty-18-yurydychnyh-osib/
Aviation of Defense Forces struck six strokes in the focus of enemy personnel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-shist-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-osobovogo-skladu-protyvnyka/
Bulgaria Parliament approved a declaration to support Ukraine's membership in NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/parlament-bolgariyi-uhvalyv-deklaracziyu-na-pidtrymku-chlenstva-ukrayiny-v-nato/
Valery Zaluzhny had a telephone conversation with Mark Millie
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/valerij-zaluzhnyj-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-markom-milli-4/
Natalia Humeniuk: In the Black Sea four carriers of winged missiles, two of them are underwater
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/nataliya-gumenyuk-u-chornomu-mori-chotyry-nosiyi-krylatyh-raket-dva-z-nyh-pidvodni/
The occupiers want to take out the historical artifacts of Chersonese from Crimea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/okupanty-hochut-vyvezty-istorychni-artefakty-hersonesa-z-krymu/
After the war, its own analogue of the best public broadcasters in the world - Gerasimyuk may appear
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732484-pisla-vijni-moze-postati-vlasnij-analog-najkrasih-suspilnih-movnikiv-u-sviti-gerasimuk.html
In Zaporozhye, the Russians have arranged a military base on the territory of the children's sanatorium
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/na-zaporizhzhi-rosiyany-oblashtuvaly-vijskovu-bazu-na-terytoriyi-dytyachogo-sanatoriyu/
Government's decision brought the donor blood closer to the front
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/rishennya-uryadu-nablyzylo-donorsku-krov-do-frontu/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy: Victory of Ukraine is real. It all depends on armed support, sanctions against the Russian Federation and financial assistance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/volodymyr-zelenskyj-peremoga-ukrayiny-realna-use-zalezhyt-vid-kilkosti-j-potuzhnosti-zbrojnoyi-pidtrymky-sankczij-proty-rosiyi-ta-finansovoyi-dopomogy/
Defense forces continue to take offensive action south and north of Bakhmut cities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/syly-oborony-prodovzhuyut-vesty-nastupalni-diyi-pivdennishe-ta-pivnichnishe-mista-bahmut/
The refusal of the racists to translate the fifth unit of the ZPP into a state of "Cold Stock" can lead to a large -scale release of radiation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/vidmova-rashystiv-perevodyty-pyatyj-energoblok-zaes-v-stan-holodnyj-zupyn-mozhe-pryzvesty-do-masshtabnogo-vykydu-radiacziyi/
Defense needs of Ukraine, NATO, the concept of the army of the future: Alexei Reznikov met with representatives of the European Council
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/oboronni-potreby-ukrayiny-nato-konczepcziya-armiyi-majbutnogo-oleksij-reznikov-zustrivsya-z-predstavnykamy-yevropejskoyi-rady-z-mizhnarodnyh-vidnosyn/
Center for Clearing Misinformation: The main fakes are July 6
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/czentr-protydiyi-dezinformacziyi-golovni-fejky-6-lypnya/
We have destroyed all the most capable part of the Russian army in battles - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/my-znyshhyly-v-boyah-usyu-najbilsh-boyezdatnu-chastynu-rosijskoyi-armiyi-prezydent-ukrayiny/
The Russians have arranged three lines of defense. They are massively changing the captured territories. Needed special equipment - President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/rosiyany-oblashtuvaly-try-liniyi-oborony-vony-masovo-minuyut-zahopleni-terytoriyi-dlya-podolannya-czyh-pereshkod-potribno-chymalo-specztehniky-prezydent/
Short. War. Day 498. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/06/korotko-vijna-den-498-videodajdzhest/
The White House is said to be unknown about the place of Prigogine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3732507-u-bilomu-domi-kazut-so-ne-znaut-pro-misce-perebuvanna-prigozina.html
President urged journalists to be more active in finding children deported by Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732517-prezident-zaklikav-zurnalistiv-buti-aktivnisimi-v-posuku-deportovanih-rosieu-ditej.html
In Ukraine rains and thunderstorms, in the south and east - heavy heat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732310-v-ukraini-zavtra-dosi-ta-grozi-na-pivdni-ta-shodi-silna-speka.html
Zelensky and Paul met with a Ukrainian boy treated in the Czech Republic
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732516-zelenskij-i-pavel-zustrilisa-z-ukrainskim-hlopcikom-akij-likuetsa-v-cehii.html
National Guards held positions in Luhansk region and destroyed 30 invaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732295-nacgvardijci-vtrimali-pozicii-na-lugansini-ta-znisili-30-zagarbnikiv.html
Zelensky is counting on the IAEA help in resolving the situation around the ZPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732515-zelenskij-rozrahovue-na-dopomogu-magate-u-virisenni-situacii-na-zaes.html
Reznikov discussed with Austin the counter -offensive of the Armed Forces and preparation for the new "Ramstin"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732514-reznikov-obgovoriv-z-ostinom-kontrnastup-zsu-ta-pidgotovku-do-novogo-ramstajnu.html
Missile blow to Lviv: The number of dead increased to seven
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732513-raketnij-udar-po-lvovu-kilkist-zagiblih-zrosla-do-simoh.html
Missile blow to Lviv: The number of dead increased to seven
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732513-raketnij-udar-po-lvovu-kilkist-zagiblih-zrosla-do-simoh.html
Reznikov discussed with Austin the counter -offensive of the Armed Forces and preparation for the new "Ramstin"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732514-reznikov-obgovoriv-z-ostinom-kontrnastup-zsu-ta-pidgotovku-do-novogo-ramstajnu.html
Zelensky is counting on the IAEA help in resolving the situation around the ZPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3732515-zelenskij-rozrahovue-na-dopomogu-magate-u-virisenni-situacii-na-zaes.html
National Guards held positions in Luhansk region and destroyed 30 invaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732295-nacgvardijci-vtrimali-pozicii-na-lugansini-ta-znisili-30-zagarbnikiv.html
Zelensky and Paul met with a Ukrainian boy treated in the Czech Republic
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732516-zelenskij-i-pavel-zustrilisa-z-ukrainskim-hlopcikom-akij-likuetsa-v-cehii.html
In Ukraine rains and thunderstorms, in the south and east - heavy heat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3732310-v-ukraini-zavtra-dosi-ta-grozi-na-pivdni-ta-shodi-silna-speka.html
President urged journalists to be more active in finding children deported by Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3732517-prezident-zaklikav-zurnalistiv-buti-aktivnisimi-v-posuku-deportovanih-rosieu-ditej.html
The final decisions of the NATO summit are not yet agreed, negotiations are ongoing - Stephanyshyn
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732496-ostatocni-risenna-samitu-nato-se-ne-uzgodzeni-trivaut-peremovini-stefanisina.html
The final decisions of the NATO summit are not yet agreed, negotiations are ongoing - Stephanyshyn
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3732496-ostatocni-risenna-samitu-nato-se-ne-uzgodzeni-trivaut-peremovini-stefanisina.html
We're off. The initiative is now - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/my-nastupayemo-inicziatyva-zaraz-u-nas-volodymyr-zelenskyj-pro-kontrnastup/
Alexei Reznikov and Lloyd Austin has verified the clock before the next Ramstein
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/oleksij-reznikov-ta-llojd-ostin-zviryly-godynnyky-pered-nastupnym-ramshtajnom/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy和Peter Pavel与捷克共和国接受治疗的乌克兰男孩会面
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/07/volodymyr-zelenskyj-i-petr-pavel-zustrilysya-z-ukrayinskym-hlopchykom-yakyj-likuyetsya-v-chehiyi/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====