乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-05

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Masutivka, Lyman Pershyy, Kyslivka, Tabayivka, Ber...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4984
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka, Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4985
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, times of Yar, Slavs ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4986
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Avdiivka, Pervomaisko, Nevelsk, Karlovka of Don ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4987
At Shakhtarske direction Russian army shelled Vuhledar, Prechystivka and Novoukrayinka of Don...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4989
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Zelene Pole of Donetsk ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4990
Drone was shot down near Sudzha of Kursk region
https://t.me/breakingmash/44664
Russian Ministry of Defense claims Ukrainian Armed forces launched offensive at several point...
https://t.me/rusbrief/123149
Ukraine's military assistance from EU countries is 15 billion euros - Matti Maasikas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/04/vijskova-dopomoga-ukrayini-vid-derzhav-yes-stanovyt-12-milyardiv-yevro-mati-maasikas/
The President of Ukraine met with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Britain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3718578-prezident-ukraini-zustrivsa-iz-glavou-mzs-britanii.html
In the three border regions of the Russian Federation on the radio, Putin's Appeal on martial law was transferred
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718575-u-troh-prikordonnih-oblastah-rf-po-radio-peredali-zvernenna-putina-pro-voennij-stan.html
"Kadyrivtsi Tupling" in Georgia was discharged 40 penalties for violation of traffic rules - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718572-kortezu-kadirivciv-v-gruzii-vipisali-40-strafiv-za-porusenna-pravil-doroznogo-ruhu-zmi.html
The Futsal national team got to the first basket at the drawing of the 20124 World Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718573-zbirna-ukraini-z-futzalu-potrapila-do-persogo-kosika-na-zerebkuvanni-vidboru-cs2024.html
Lubinets told the Pope's messenger about Russian crimes against Ukrainian children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718570-lubinec-rozpoviv-poslancu-papi-rimskogo-pro-zlocini-rf-sodo-ukrainskih-ditej.html
In the Melitopol district, the invaders once again damaged the gas pipeline - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718555-u-melitopolskomu-rajoni-zagarbniki-vkotre-poskodili-gazoprovid-fedorov.html
The Turkish intelligence agent held the post of Minister of Foreign Affairs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718718-eksocilnik-tureckoi-rozvidki-obijnav-posadu-ministra-zakordonnih-sprav.html
Kharkiv is attacked by rockets - several explosions were heard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718724-harkiv-atakuut-raketami-prolunali-kilka-vibuhiv.html
Iceland Parliament approved a resolution on condemning the deportation of Ukrainian children - Stefanchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718723-parlament-islandii-uhvaliv-rezoluciu-pro-zasudzenna-deportacii-ukrainskih-ditej-stefancuk.html
Now officially: the EU has continued restrictions on agro -import from Ukraine until mid -September
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3718722-teper-oficijno-es-prodovziv-diu-obmezen-na-agroimport-z-ukraini-do-seredini-veresna.html
Leptop, computers and software - Apple Summer News
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3718721-leptop-komputeri-i-programne-zabezpecenna-litni-novinki-apple.html
Russians in a day 27 times fired at Sumy region border, 94 explosions were recorded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718716-rosiani-za-den-27-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-zafiksuvali-94-vibuhi.html
In Kupyansk ammonia in the air was not found, measurements in other settlements continue - ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718717-zamiri-pokazuut-vidsutnist-amiaku-v-povitri-u-kupansku-na-harkivsini-ova.html
The invaders fired at the housing buildings in Kherson region - there was a dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718715-zagarbniki-pricilno-obstrilali-zitlovi-budinki-na-hersonsini-e-zagibla.html
Zelensky thanked the soldiers who defend Ukraine in the Bakhmut direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718713-zelenskij-podakuvav-voinam-aki-zahisaut-ukrainu-na-bahmutskomu-napramku.html
Air defense systems remain a priority for further support of Ukraine - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718714-sistemi-ppo-zalisautsa-prioritetom-dla-podalsoi-pidtrimki-ukraini-bilij-dim.html
President discussed the Patriot Coalition with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Britain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718711-prezident-obgovoriv-koaliciu-patriot-z-glavou-mzs-britanii.html
EU Court of EU: Poland's Justice Reform is contrary to European standards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718708-cud-es-reforma-sistemi-pravosudda-polsi-superecit-evropejskim-standartam.html
Anyone who helps the Russian Federation bypass sanctions should feel the consequences - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3718712-kozen-hto-dopomagae-rf-obhoditi-sankcii-mae-vidcuti-povnu-silu-vilnogo-svitu-zelenskij.html
Pentagon called MPC developed democracies to combine their efforts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718707-u-pentagoni-zaklikali-vpk-rozvinutih-demokratij-obednuvati-svoi-zusilla.html
Seven Years Development: Apple presented glasses of augmented reality
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3718705-apple-prezentuvav-pristrij-dopovnenoi-realnosti-vision-pro-ar.html
Zelensky: The common task of the world is to stop Russian terror
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718702-zelenskij-spilne-zavdanna-svitu-zupiniti-rosijskij-teror.html
The enemy damaged a pipeline with ammonia in Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718700-vorog-poskodiv-truboprovid-z-amiakom-na-harkivsini.html
Ukrainian Turenko completed the performances on Rolllan Harros
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718699-ukrainka-curenko-zaversila-vistupi-na-rollan-garros.html
Trump's lawyers met with US Ministry of Justice in secret documents
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718697-advokati-trampa-zustrilisa-zi-spivrobitnikami-minustu-ssa-u-spravi-sekretnih-dokumentiv.html
Supply "eyes" for Russian drones: NAPC has brought to a list of sponsors of war two Chinese companies
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3718698-postacaut-oci-dla-rosijskih-droniv-nazk-vneslo-do-pereliku-sponsoriv-vijni-dvi-kitajski-kompanii.html
Zaluzhne instead of Vatutina - the Verkhovna Rada Committee supported the renaming decision in Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718696-zaluzne-zamist-vatutinogo-komitet-vr-pidtrimav-risenna-pro-perejmenuvanna-na-harkivsini.html
The heads of district state administrations demanded that the Klitschko abandon the combination of positions - the mayor replied
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3718695-golovi-rajderzadministracij-zaklikali-klicka-vidmovitis-vid-sumisenna-posad-mer-vidpoviv.html
The EU has extended sanctions to Russian officials involved in condemnation of punishment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718694-es-posiriv-sankcii-na-cinovnikiv-rf-pricetnih-do-zasudzenna-karamurzi.html
Zelenskaya emphasized the importance of introducing family forms of upbringing children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718692-zelenska-nagolosila-na-vazlivosti-vprovadzenna-simejnih-form-vihovanna-ditej.html
White House confirmed: US and Denmark leaders discuss Ukrainian pilots on F-16
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718690-bilij-dim-pidtverdiv-lideri-ssa-j-danii-obgovoruut-pidgotovku-ukrainskih-pilotiv-na-f16.html
2 drones crashed at M3 highway in Kaluga region
https://t.me/bbbreaking/157036
Traffic police station burnt out in Krasnoyarsk overnight
https://t.me/rusbrief/123173
Russian army shelled Kupiansk this morning
https://t.me/operativeukr/6711
Electrical power object was damaged as result of drone attack in Belgorod region, - Governor
https://t.me/dneproperatyv/64652
General Staff of Armed forces of Ukraine estimates Russian losses at 210350
https://t.me/GeneralStaffZSU/8119
Shelling reported in Novaya Tavolzhanka town this morning
https://t.me/rusbrief/123216
PMC Wagner mercenaries captured semi-colonel of Armed Forces of Russia Roman Vinivitin, accus...
https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/5-june-pmc-wagner-mercenaries-captured-semicolonel-of-armed
"Freedom of Russia Legion" destroyed several vehicles of Russian army near Schebekyne border ...
https://t.me/lachentyt/30064
Russian army shelled Kherson State University
https://twitter.com/hochu_dodomu/status/1665621871633612800
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Karpovychi of Chernihiv r...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4992
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5000
Explosions reported in Grayvoron of Belgorod region
https://t.me/vert_i_call/11441
"Freedom of Russia Legion" and "Russian Volunteer Corps" released new video from Novaya Tavol...
https://t.me/legionoffreedom/856
Explosion reported near Azovstal in Mariupol
https://t.me/channel24_ua/91146
Explosions were reported in Mykhailivka of Vasylivka district of Zaporizhzhia region
https://t.me/dniprorudne_ukraine/2464
2 person wounded as result of Russian aerial bombardment in Beryslav
https://t.me/UkraineNow/34138
According to head of PMC Wagner mercenaries Russian troops have partially withdrawn from Berk...
https://t.me/rusbrief/123282
Explosions reported in Belgorod region
https://t.me/zhest_belgorod/27850
Broadcasting of MIR TV company was hijacked starting 12:41 and before 13:18, aired fake addre...
https://t.me/rusbrief/123329
Air defense shot down an aerial target near Belgorod, - according to local governor
https://t.me/rusbrief/123333
The first "Mavka" in Ottawa was revised by the students of the Ukrainian school
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3718301-persimi-mavku-v-ottavi-pereglanuli-ucni-ukrainskoi-skoli.html
Smoke visible in the Prymorsk area
https://t.me/dniprorudne_ukraine/2468
Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Hanna Maliar confirmed counter-offensive actions at Bak...
https://t.me/annamaliar/813
Air defense was active in Donetsk
https://t.me/itsdonetsk/79059
Russian army conducting strikes at Balakliya community of Kharkiv region
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/25574
UK Foreign Secretary James Cleverly met with President Zelensky in Kyiv
https://t.me/ukrpravda_news/31410
Russian Volunteer Corps claims still in control of Novaya Tavolzhanka town of Belgorod region...
https://t.me/russvolcorps/587
Deputy Minister of Defense of Ukraine Hanna Maliar: Ukrainian military advanced 200-1600 mete...
https://t.me/annamaliar/815
1 person killed, 8 wounded as result of Russian missile strike in Balakliya of Kharkiv region
https://t.me/synegubov/6360
Russian Telegram channel claims losing of Novodonetske village at Velyka Novosilka frontline
https://t.me/bbcrussian/47357
Explosion was audible in Tokmak
https://t.me/dniprorudne_ukraine/2479
Governor of Belgorod region confirmed the regional authorities have no access to Novaya Tavol...
https://t.me/rian_ru/204767
Russian army shelled Nikopol of Dnipropetrovsk region
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/53727
Air defense shot down 3 aerial targets over Belgorod
https://t.me/zhest_belgorod/27874
Increased activity of Russian aviation, at least 6 Tu-95 bombers airborne
https://t.me/war_monitor/7836
Ammonia pipeline was damaged in Kupiansk district
https://t.me/ukrinform_news/100947
1 person killed as result of Russian army shelling in Kozatske village of Kherson region
https://t.me/channel24_ua/91204
Ukrainians very well prepared for a counter -offensive - General Millie
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718526-ukrainci-duze-dobre-pidgotuvalis-do-kontrnastupu-general-milli.html
Auctions on Prozorro. Sales replenished budgets for almost 3.3 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3718527-aukcioni-na-prozorroprodazi-popovnili-budzeti-majze-na-33-milarda.html
Lviv joined the free cities pact
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718528-lviv-priednavsa-do-paktu-vilnih-mist.html
Patients' Charitable Foundation transfers a thousand sets for people with amputation to hospitals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718534-blagodijnij-fond-pacienti-ukraini-peredae-likarnam-tisacu-naboriv-dla-ludej-z-amputacieu.html
Ukrainian judoists won four awards at the European Cup in Prague
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718536-ukrainski-dzudoisti-vigrali-cotiri-nagorodi-na-etapi-kubka-evropi-v-prazi.html
Passing VLK: Painter told what they did to improve work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718537-prohodzenna-vlk-malar-rozpovila-so-zrobili-dla-pokrasenna-roboti.html
On the bridge through Sulu fully mounted a metal running structure
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3718539-na-mostu-cerez-sulu-povnistu-zmontuvali-metalevu-progonovu-budovu.html
Starts 14th year for those who want to go to Ukrainian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718541-startue-14j-kurs-dla-ohocih-perejti-na-ukrainsku-movu.html
Lucescu will train Dynamo before the end of the contract - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718542-lucesku-trenuvatime-dinamo-do-zakincenna-kontraktu-zmi.html
Ogryzko told about the "Tsugzwang" of the Russian authorities on the Belgorod region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3718544-ogrizko-rozpoviv-pro-cugcvang-vladi-rf-sodo-belgorodskoi-oblasti.html
Majlis submitted documents on the legal status of a representative of the Crimean Tatar people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3718546-medzlis-podav-dokumenti-pro-zakriplenna-pravovogo-statusu-ak-predstavnika-krimskotatarskogo-narodu.html
Belgium investigates whether the RDC fighters in Russia used weapons provided to Ukraine - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718548-belgia-rozslidue-ci-zastosovuvali-bijci-rdk-u-rosii-zbrou-nadanu-ukraini-zmi.html
Announced the composition of the national team of Ukraine for the Games of the Unconquered-2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718550-ogolosili-sklad-zbirnoi-ukraini-na-igri-neskorenih2023.html
The Nikolaev Academic Art Drama Theater has prepared 11 prime minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3718553-mikolaivskij-akademicnij-hudoznij-dramteatr-za-rik-vijni-pidgotuvav-11-premer.html
Domedic help and shooting: Police of Kyiv region conducted training for journalists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718554-domedicna-dopomoga-i-strilba-policia-kiivsini-provela-navcanna-dla-zurnalistiv.html
Russian army conducted missile strikes with S-300 missiles at Slobidsky and Schevchenkyvsky d...
https://t.me/suspilnenews/21457
Defense forces in separate directions go to offensive actions - MOU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718557-sili-oboroni-na-okremih-napramkah-perehodat-do-nastupalnih-dij-mou.html
In the Ulyanov region of the Russian Federation, 16 people have already died of surrogate cider
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718559-v-ulanovskij-oblasti-rf-vid-surogatnogo-sidru-pomerli-vze-16-ludej.html
Fifteen of twenty Roszmi justify the deportation of Ukrainian children - the National Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718560-patnadcat-iz-dvadcati-roszmi-vipravdovuut-deportaciu-ukrainskih-ditej-nacradi.html
The death of cadets from the explosion in Kharkiv region: pre -detonated the projectile to the Pion SAU "
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718562-zagibel-kursantiv-vid-vibuhu-na-harkivsini-poperedno-zdetonuvav-snarad-do-sau-pion.html
Contributions to the Ukraine's Energy Support Fund exceed € 219 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3718563-vneski-do-fondu-pidtrimki-energetiki-ukraini-perevisuut-219-miljoniv.html
Danube ports in May overloaded a record volume of cargoes - AMPU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3718564-dunajski-porti-u-travni-perevantazili-rekordnij-obsag-vantaziv-ampu.html
In the garrison temple of Lviv opened an exhibition saved in Bakhmut icons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718566-u-garnizonnomu-hrami-lvova-vidkrili-vistavku-vratovanih-u-bahmuti-ikon.html
A man who threw a grenade in friends was arrested in Kyiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718567-na-kiivsini-arestuvali-colovika-akij-kinuv-granatu-v-znajomih.html
Lubinets told the Pope's messenger about Russian crimes against Ukrainian children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718570-lubinec-rozpoviv-poslancu-papi-rimskogo-pro-zlocini-rf-sodo-ukrainskih-ditej.html
The Futsal national team got to the first basket at the drawing of the 20124 World Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718573-zbirna-ukraini-z-futzalu-potrapila-do-persogo-kosika-na-zerebkuvanni-vidboru-cs2024.html
New explosions were reported over Belgorod
https://t.me/zhest_belgorod/27886
"Kadyrivtsi Tupling" in Georgia was discharged 40 penalties for violation of traffic rules - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718572-kortezu-kadirivciv-v-gruzii-vipisali-40-strafiv-za-porusenna-pravil-doroznogo-ruhu-zmi.html
In the three border regions of the Russian Federation on the radio, Putin's Appeal on martial law was transferred
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718575-u-troh-prikordonnih-oblastah-rf-po-radio-peredali-zvernenna-putina-pro-voennij-stan.html
The President of Ukraine met with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Britain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3718578-prezident-ukraini-zustrivsa-iz-glavou-mzs-britanii.html
Ukrainian diplomats honored the memory of the architect of Gorodetsky, buried in Tehran
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3718581-ukrainski-diplomati-vsanuvali-pamat-pohovanogo-v-tegerani-arhitektora-gorodeckogo.html
Solsky discussed with Moldovan colleague tariffs for transit of Ukrainian agro -products
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3718582-solskij-obgovoriv-z-moldovskim-kolegou-tarifi-na-tranzit-ukrainskoi-agroprodukcii.html
Air defense reportedly active in Kyiv region
https://t.me/operativnoZSU/99717
China evaluates war in Ukraine through the prism of Taiwan - Czech President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3718585-kitaj-ocinue-vijnu-v-ukraini-cerez-prizmu-tajvanu-prezident-cehii.html
Vatican representative - in Ukraine: the church will do everything possible to protect the life of children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718588-predstavnik-vatikanu-v-ukraini-cerkva-zrobit-vse-mozlive-dla-zahistu-zitta-ditej.html
Ogrizko about numerous "peaceful initiatives": the Kremlin pulls out of the sleeve the last political card
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3718590-ogrizko-pro-cislenni-mirni-iniciativi-kreml-vitagae-z-rukava-ostannu-politicnu-kartu.html
In Bakhmut's Defense Forces move forward - Syrsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718591-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-sili-oboroni-ruhautsa-vpered-sirskij.html
Violation of International Conventions by Russia: Zelensky formed a delegation to hearing the UN Court of Justice
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3718593-porusenna-miznarodnih-konvencij-rosieu-zelenskij-utvoriv-delegaciu-na-sluhanna-sudu-oon.html
Marchenko and Orlov lost qualifications at ATP tournaments in the Czech Republic and Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718594-marcenko-ta-orlov-prograli-finali-kvalifikacii-na-turnirah-atp-u-cehii-ta-nimeccini.html
The SBU exposed the werewolf that the Russians appointed "police chief" in "LNR"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718597-sbu-vikrila-perevertna-akogo-rosiani-priznacili-nacalnikom-policii-v-lnr.html
The US has imposed sanctions against Russian representatives who shake the situation in Moldova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718598-ssa-vveli-sankcii-proti-predstavnikiv-rosii-aki-rozhituvali-situaciu-u-moldovi.html
In Ukraine, the winners of the Yatsik competition were chosen by the presidential scholarships
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718602-v-ukraini-obrali-peremozciv-konkursu-acika-akim-priznacili-stipendii-prezidenta.html
СБУ знешкодила на Полтавщині банду кримінального авторитета на прізвисько «Москва»
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718600-sbu-zneskodila-na-poltavsini-bandu-kriminalnogo-avtoriteta-na-prizvisko-moskva.html
Schmigal discussed with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of British armed support of Ukraine and NATO integration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3718601-smigal-obgovoriv-iz-glavou-mzs-britanii-zbrojnu-pidtrimku-ukraini-ta-integraciu-v-nato.html
US is allocating $ 37 million to support Ukraine's cyber resistance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3718609-ssa-vidilae-37-miljoniv-na-pidtrimku-kiberstijkosti-ukraini.html
Russia resumed registration of ships within the "grain corridor" but with violations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3718607-rosia-vidnovila-reestraciu-suden-u-mezah-zernovogo-koridoru-ale-z-porusennami.html
In Israel, they opposed the development of a civilian nuclear program of Saudi Arabia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718608-v-izraili-vistupili-proti-rozrobki-civilnoi-adernoi-programi-saudivskoi-aravii.html
Defense forces advanced in the direction of Orikhovo-Vasilivka and Ivanivsky-painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718611-sili-oboroni-prosunulisa-vpered-u-napramku-orihovovasilivki-j-ivanivskogo-malar.html
Lexus introduced the smallest brand crossover
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3718617-lexus-predstaviv-najmensij-krosover-brendu.html
In Dnipro up to 11 years in prison condemned a woman who made a fatal injection of son
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718614-u-dnipri-do-11-rokiv-uvaznenna-zasudili-zinku-aka-zrobila-smertelnu-inekciu-sinu.html
Russians fired balaclia - at least one dead and eight wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718616-rosiani-obstrilali-balakliu-sonajmense-odin-zagiblij-i-visim-poranenih.html
The Russian Federation holds about 27 thousand civilian hostages: Lubinets sought help from the Vatican
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718595-rf-trimae-blizko-27-tisac-civilnih-zarucnikiv-lubinec-zvernuvsa-po-dopomogu-do-vatikanu.html
Russian troops unsuccessfully conducted offensive actions in four directions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718620-vijska-rf-bezuspisno-veli-nastupalni-dii-na-cotiroh-napramkah.html
In Luhansk region, Russian military is taken to hospitals of wounded trucks - General Staff
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718624-na-lugansini-rosijski-vijskovi-zvozat-do-spitaliv-poranenih-vantazivkami-genstab.html
From the sales of the edition "The Ghost of Kiev. Manga »More than 1.3 million have been transferred to the Armed Forces Aid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3718626-z-prodaziv-vidanna-privid-kieva-manga-ponad-13-miljona-pererahuvali-na-dopomogu-zsu.html
Aviation, missile troops and Armed Forces Artillery have struck 30 beats at enemy positions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718627-aviacia-raketni-vijska-ta-artileria-zsu-zavdali-30-udariv-po-poziciah-voroga.html
In Khmelnytskyi, seven years prisons were given to the driver of a truck who knocked down the death of a terroboron fighter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718635-na-hmelniccini-sim-rokiv-turmi-dali-vodiu-vantazivki-akij-zbiv-na-smert-bijca-teroboroni.html
In Odessa exposed illegal exporters of grain - seized 9,000 tons of products
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3718636-v-odesi-vikrili-nelegalnih-eksporteriv-zerna-vilucili-9-000-tonn-produkcii.html
Ukraine in May increased exports of dairy products - the manufacturers Association
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3718637-ukraina-u-travni-zbilsila-eksport-molocnoi-produkcii-asociacia-virobnikiv.html
Lubinets urged Germany to conduct a full and quick investigation of a firefighting fire for refugees
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718639-lubinec-zaklikav-nimeccinu-provesti-povne-ta-svidke-rozsliduvanna-pozezi-u-pritulku-dla-bizenciv.html
Mike Pence will run as President of the United States
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718642-majk-pens-balotuvatimetsa-na-posadu-prezidenta-ssa.html
In Russia, the senior operational group "Belgorod" was eliminated - intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718646-u-rosii-likviduvali-starsogo-operativnogo-ugrupovanna-belgorod-rozvidka.html
The artists of the Zankovetska Theater spoke to the fighters in the west of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3718648-artisti-teatru-zankoveckoi-vistupili-pered-bijcami-na-zahodi-ukraini.html
Balaklia shelling: the number of wounded increased to nine, three - in serious condition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718649-obstril-balaklii-kilkist-poranenih-zrosla-do-devati-troe-u-vazkomu-stani.html
The Russian army fired at Nikopol again
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718651-armia-rf-znovu-obstrilala-nikopol.html
Yus about Humcoridors for residents of the Belgorod region of the Russian Federation: consider if appeals will be
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718655-usov-pro-gumkoridori-dla-meskanciv-belgorodskoi-oblasti-rf-rozglanemo-akso-budut-zvernenna.html
Pope's special messenger visited Bucha
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718656-specialnij-poslannik-papi-rimskogo-vidvidav-bucu.html
China cannot use a power scenario against Taiwan - NATO Secretary General
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718657-kitaj-ne-moze-zastosuvati-silovij-scenarij-proti-tajvanu-gensek-nato.html
In Kharkiv, a tractor, two wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718662-na-harkivsini-pidirvavsa-traktor-dvoe-poranenih.html
Russian authorities threw against the rebels in the Belgorod region of the FSB, Rosgvardia and regular troops - GUR
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718665-vlada-rf-kinula-proti-povstanciv-u-belgorodskij-oblasti-fsb-rosgvardiu-i-regularni-vijska-gur.html
On Tuesday, Ukraine is forecast +27 °, mostly without precipitation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718465-u-vivtorok-ukraini-prognozuut-27-perevazno-bez-opadiv.html
Brain Implants: Startup Mask Neuralink was estimated at $ 5 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3718668-implanti-v-mozok-startap-maska-neuralink-ocinili-u-5-milardiv.html
EU schools attend 450 thousand Ukrainian children - European Commissioner
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718669-skoli-es-vidviduut-450-tisac-ukrainskih-ditej-evrokomisarka.html
Ukrainian intelligence checks information about Iran's transmission of ammunition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718671-ukrainska-rozvidka-perevirae-informaciu-pro-peredacu-iranom-boepripasiv-rosii.html
The scale and geography of internal conflicts in the Russian Federation will only increase - Yusov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718664-masstabi-ta-geografia-vnutrisnih-konfliktiv-u-rf-lise-zbilsuvatimutsa-usov.html
At the Nikolaychuk Open Film Festival, eight Ukrainian prime ministers will be shown in Chernivtsi
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3718673-na-kinofestivali-mikolajcuk-open-u-cernivcah-pokazut-visim-ukrainskih-premer.html
NATO's additional forces began to arrive in Kosovo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718674-dodatkovi-sili-nato-pocali-pribuvati-v-kosovo.html
Tennis: The frober went out to the quarterfinals "Rolan Harros"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718675-tenis-zaber-vijsla-do-cvertfinalu-rolan-garros.html
Pumfir will be shown on Netflix platform
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3718677-pamfir-pokazut-na-platformi-netflix.html
There are some successes in the Zaporozhye direction - the Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718680-na-zaporizkomu-napramku-e-pevni-uspihi-minoboroni.html
Poland expects that the European Commission will continue restriction on agro -import from Ukraine by the end of the year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3718681-polsa-rozrahovue-so-evrokomisia-prodovzit-obmezenna-na-agroimport-z-ukraini-do-kinca-roku.html
Ukraine wins war and can count on Britain's help - Kleverli
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3718683-ukraina-vigrae-vijnu-ta-moze-rozrahovuvati-na-dopomogu-britanii-kleverli.html
One killed, nine wounded: showed the effects of Balakliya firing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718684-odin-zagiblij-devatero-poranenih-pokazali-naslidki-obstrilu-balaklii.html
Poland wants a constant presence of NATO troops in its territory - Moravtsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718685-polsa-hoce-postijnoi-prisutnosti-vijsk-nato-na-svoij-teritorii-moraveckij.html
The Russians plan to destroy one of the district centers of Belgorod region - the interception of GUR
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718687-rosiani-planuut-znisiti-odin-iz-rajonnih-centriv-belgorodskoi-oblasti-perehoplenna-gur.html
White House confirmed: US and Denmark leaders discuss Ukrainian pilots on F-16
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718690-bilij-dim-pidtverdiv-lideri-ssa-j-danii-obgovoruut-pidgotovku-ukrainskih-pilotiv-na-f16.html
Zelenskaya emphasized the importance of introducing family forms of upbringing children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718692-zelenska-nagolosila-na-vazlivosti-vprovadzenna-simejnih-form-vihovanna-ditej.html
The EU has extended sanctions to Russian officials involved in condemnation of punishment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718694-es-posiriv-sankcii-na-cinovnikiv-rf-pricetnih-do-zasudzenna-karamurzi.html
The heads of district state administrations demanded that the Klitschko abandon the combination of positions - the mayor replied
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3718695-golovi-rajderzadministracij-zaklikali-klicka-vidmovitis-vid-sumisenna-posad-mer-vidpoviv.html
Zaluzhne instead of Vatutina - the Verkhovna Rada Committee supported the renaming decision in Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718696-zaluzne-zamist-vatutinogo-komitet-vr-pidtrimav-risenna-pro-perejmenuvanna-na-harkivsini.html
Supply "eyes" for Russian drones: NAPC has brought to a list of sponsors of war two Chinese companies
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3718698-postacaut-oci-dla-rosijskih-droniv-nazk-vneslo-do-pereliku-sponsoriv-vijni-dvi-kitajski-kompanii.html
Trump's lawyers met with US Ministry of Justice in secret documents
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718697-advokati-trampa-zustrilisa-zi-spivrobitnikami-minustu-ssa-u-spravi-sekretnih-dokumentiv.html
Ukrainian Turenko completed the performances on Rolllan Harros
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3718699-ukrainka-curenko-zaversila-vistupi-na-rollan-garros.html
The enemy damaged a pipeline with ammonia in Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718700-vorog-poskodiv-truboprovid-z-amiakom-na-harkivsini.html
Zelensky: The common task of the world is to stop Russian terror
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718702-zelenskij-spilne-zavdanna-svitu-zupiniti-rosijskij-teror.html
Seven Years Development: Apple presented glasses of augmented reality
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3718705-apple-prezentuvav-pristrij-dopovnenoi-realnosti-vision-pro-ar.html
Pentagon called MPC developed democracies to combine their efforts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718707-u-pentagoni-zaklikali-vpk-rozvinutih-demokratij-obednuvati-svoi-zusilla.html
Anyone who helps the Russian Federation bypass sanctions should feel the consequences - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3718712-kozen-hto-dopomagae-rf-obhoditi-sankcii-mae-vidcuti-povnu-silu-vilnogo-svitu-zelenskij.html
EU Court of EU: Poland's Justice Reform is contrary to European standards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718708-cud-es-reforma-sistemi-pravosudda-polsi-superecit-evropejskim-standartam.html
President discussed the Patriot Coalition with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Britain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718711-prezident-obgovoriv-koaliciu-patriot-z-glavou-mzs-britanii.html
Air defense systems remain a priority for further support of Ukraine - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718714-sistemi-ppo-zalisautsa-prioritetom-dla-podalsoi-pidtrimki-ukraini-bilij-dim.html
Zelensky thanked the soldiers who defend Ukraine in the Bakhmut direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718713-zelenskij-podakuvav-voinam-aki-zahisaut-ukrainu-na-bahmutskomu-napramku.html
The invaders fired at the housing buildings in Kherson region - there was a dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718715-zagarbniki-pricilno-obstrilali-zitlovi-budinki-na-hersonsini-e-zagibla.html
In Kupyansk ammonia in the air was not found, measurements in other settlements continue - ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3718717-zamiri-pokazuut-vidsutnist-amiaku-v-povitri-u-kupansku-na-harkivsini-ova.html
Russians in a day 27 times fired at Sumy region border, 94 explosions were recorded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718716-rosiani-za-den-27-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-zafiksuvali-94-vibuhi.html
Leptop, computers and software - Apple Summer News
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3718721-leptop-komputeri-i-programne-zabezpecenna-litni-novinki-apple.html
Now officially: the EU has continued restrictions on agro -import from Ukraine until mid -September
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3718722-teper-oficijno-es-prodovziv-diu-obmezen-na-agroimport-z-ukraini-do-seredini-veresna.html
Iceland Parliament approved a resolution on condemning the deportation of Ukrainian children - Stefanchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3718723-parlament-islandii-uhvaliv-rezoluciu-pro-zasudzenna-deportacii-ukrainskih-ditej-stefancuk.html
Kharkiv is attacked by rockets - several explosions were heard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718724-harkiv-atakuut-raketami-prolunali-kilka-vibuhiv.html
The Turkish intelligence agent held the post of Minister of Foreign Affairs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718718-eksocilnik-tureckoi-rozvidki-obijnav-posadu-ministra-zakordonnih-sprav.html
The coordination headquarters reported that the commander should do in case of a soldier's disappearance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-povidomyly-shho-povynen-robyty-komandyr-u-razi-znyknennya-soldata/
Another 27 Ukrainians have been delivered for specialized treatment at Denmark, Germany and the Netherlands clinics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/shhe-27-ukrayincziv-dostavleno-na-speczializovane-likuvannya-u-klinikah-daniyi-nimechchyny-ta-niderlandiv/
The President of Ukraine celebrated 70 defenders of Ukraine state awards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/prezydent-ukrayiny-vidznachyv-derzhavnymy-nagorodamy-70-zahysnykiv-ukrayiny/
UNITED24 raised $ 1.25 million for Lyceum Recovery in Kyiv Region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/na-united24-zibraly-125-mln-dolariv-na-vidnovlennya-liczeyu-na-kyyivshhyni/
Ukrainian defenders have shown how they hone the skill between the battles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-pokazaly-yak-vidtochuyut-majsternist-mizh-boyamy/
The main fakes that promoted the Russian media last week
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/osnovni-fejky-yaki-prosuvaly-rosijski-zmi-czogo-tyzhnya-2/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy noted the state awards of the military personnel of the Armed Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/volodymyr-zelenskyj-vidznachyv-derzhavnymy-nagorodamy-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-zs-ukrayiny-4/
How to handle panic attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/yak-vporatysya-z-panichnymy-atakamy/
Bulgaria will conduct large -scale military training in the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/bolgariya-provede-masshtabni-vijskovi-navchannya-u-chornomu-mori/
Over the past day, the occupiers have inflicted 14 missile and 40 air strikes in Ukraine, there are affected Ukrainians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-okupanty-zavdaly-14-raketnyh-ta-40-aviaudariv-po-ukrayini-ye-postrazhdali-ukrayinczi/
Defense forces 29 times reflected the attacks of the Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/syly-oborony-29-raziv-vidbyvaly-ataky-rosiyan/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 15 beats on Russian invaders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-15-udariv-po-rosijskyh-zagarbnykah/
Ukrainian defenders struck 3 occupiers' management points
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-urazyly-3-punkty-upravlinnya-okupantiv/
“At least they would say goodbye to the Maidan. Buried like a dog ” - the intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/hoch-by-daly-na-majdani-poproshhatysya-pohovaly-yak-sobaku-perehoplennya-gur/
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated more than 400 invaders, destroyed 11 tanks and 12 artistem
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-ponad-400-okupantiv-znyshhyly-11-tankiv-i-12-artsystem/
Army Yaroslav Maguchikh won the tournament in the Netherlands
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/armijka-yaroslava-maguchih-zdobula-peremogu-na-turniri-u-niderlandah/
There are signs that the occupiers are morally exhausted by the expectations of the Ukrainian counter -offensive - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/ye-oznaky-togo-shho-okupanty-moralno-vysnazheni-ochikuvannyam-ukrayinskogo-kontrnastupu-gumenyuk/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
In Singapore Josep Borrel discussed the war in Ukraine with the Minister of Defense of China
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/u-singapuri-zhozep-borrel-obgovoryv-vijnu-v-ukrayini-z-ministrom-oborony-kytayu/
Ukrainian chaplains passed two -week training in the British Army
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/ukrayinski-kapelany-projshly-dvotyzhnevi-navchannya-u-brytanskij-armiyi/
Lithuania announced a new support package for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/lytva-anonsuvala-novyj-paket-pidtrymky-dlya-ukrayiny/
"The keys to the Ukrainian sky are the keys to success, the keys to our victory" - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/klyuchi-vid-ukrayinskogo-neba-cze-klyuchi-do-uspihu-klyuchi-do-nashoyi-peremogy-yurij-ignat/
The Armed Forces warn: The enemy plans to disseminate false information about counter -offensive
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/zsu-poperedzhayut-vorog-planuye-poshyryuvaty-nedostovirnu-informacziyu-pro-kontrnastup/
Aviation and 72 Explosive items neutralized pyrotechnics per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/aviabombu-i-72-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmety-zneshkodyly-pirotehniky-za-dobu/
Secret Project Black Box caused the enemy losses of over $ 700 million
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/tayemnyj-proyekt-gur-black-box-zavdav-vorogovi-zbytkiv-na-ponad-700-miljoniv/
134 settlements fired Rosarmia for the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/134-naselenyh-punkty-obstrilyala-rosarmiya-za-mynulu-dobu-2/
Life imprisonment is threatened by FSB agents who have been spying on "decision -making centers" in the regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/dovichne-uvyaznennya-zagrozhuye-agentam-fsb-yaki-shpyguvaly-za-czentramy-pryjnyattya-rishen-u-regionah-ukrayiny/
The occupiers have increased the number of rocket carriers in the Black Sea, total volley - 8 "calibers"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/okupanty-zbilshyly-kilkist-raketonosiyiv-u-chornomu-mori-zagalnyj-zalp-8-kalibriv/
In a day more than 60 times rescuers went to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/za-dobu-ponad-60-raziv-ryatuvalnyky-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv/
Lithuanian Lithuanian Navy began large -scale exercises "Storm Blow - 2023"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/u-vms-zs-lytvy-rozpochalys-masshtabni-navchannya-shtormovyj-udar-2023/
Alexei Reznikov thanked the participants of the Shangri-La Dialogue for the Future Movement without tyranny and genocide
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/oleksij-reznikov-podyakuvav-uchasnykam-dialog-shangri-la-za-ruh-u-majbutnye-bez-tyraniyi-ta-genoczydu/
More than two thousand children were forcibly deported to Belarus
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/do-bilorusi-prymusovo-deportuvaly-ponad-dvi-tysyachi-ditej/
Any attack of Russian terrorists should end with a failure for them-President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/bud-yakyj-napad-rosijskyh-terorystiv-maye-zavershuvatysya-dlya-nyh-provalom-prezydent-ukrayiny/
More than 108 thousand crimes of the Russian Federation documented the Office of the Prosecutor General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/ponad-108-tysyach-zlochyniv-rf-zadokumentuvav-ofis-generalnogo-prokurora/
Electronic recording for the passage of VLK already operates in 90% of military hospitals - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/elektronnyj-zapys-dlya-prohodzhennya-vlk-vzhe-funkczionuye-u-90-vijskovyh-gospitaliv-ganna-malyar/
The border of Sumy and Chernihiv region in the morning was fired from the artillery and mortars
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/prykordonnya-sumshhyny-i-chernigivshhyny-zranku-obstrilyaly-zi-stvolnoyi-artyleriyi-i-minometiv/
Dmitry Lubinets: Russians translate political prisoners from Crimea to a secret detention center on Chongar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/dmytro-lubinecz-rosiyany-perevodyat-politvyazniv-iz-krymu-do-tayemnogo-sizo-na-chongari/
The Kharkiv region will be judged by the DNR fighter who fought in the Kupyansk district
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/na-harkivshhyni-sudytymut-bojovyka-dnr-yakyj-voyuvav-u-kupyanskomu-rajoni/
Alexei Reznikov supported the initiative of the Singaporean designer for fundraising for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/oleksij-reznikov-pidtrymav-inicziatyvu-singapurskoyi-dyzajnerky-zi-zboru-koshtiv-dlya-ukrayiny/
Mateusz Moravetsky: Ukraine deserves an accelerated introduction to NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/mateush-moraveczkyj-ukrayina-zaslugovuye-na-pryskorenyj-vstup-do-nato/
10 tons of Russian ammunition and anti -aircraft installation: hostile shroud was found in Kharkiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/10-tonn-rosijskyh-boyeprypasiv-ta-zenitna-ustanovka-na-harkivshhyni-znajdeno-vorozhyj-shron/
Russia will respond to all evil at the international level - Dmitry Kuleb on hearings in the UN International Court of Justice
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/rosiya-vidpovist-za-vse-zlo-na-mizhnarodnomu-rivni-dmytro-kuleba-shhodo-sluhan-v-mizhnarodnomu-sudi-oon/
June 6 will take place a straight telephone line with the Thro Armed Forces Commander
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/6-chervnya-vidbudetsya-pryama-telefonna-liniya-z-komanduvachem-syl-tro-zsu/
Passing VLK: what is done to improve work
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/prohodzhennya-vlk-shho-zrobleno-dlya-pokrashhennya-roboty/
85% of Ukrainian citizens are positive about women who serve in the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/85-gromadyan-ukrayiny-pozytyvno-stavlyatsya-do-zhinok-yaki-sluzhat-u-zsu/
IAEA provided Ukraine for physical and nuclear safety in the amount of 5 million euros
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/magate-nadalo-ukrayini-obladnannya-dlya-fizychnoyi-ta-yadernoyi-bezpeky-na-sumu-5-mln-yevro/
We, together with Estonia, will continue to defend the victory of Ukraine and peace in Europe - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/my-razom-z-estoniyeyu-prodovzhymo-vidstoyuvaty-peremogu-ukrayiny-i-myr-u-yevropi-oleksij-reznikov/
Russians start fakes about counter -offensive to divert attention from defeat in the Bakhmut direction - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/rosiyany-zapuskayut-fejky-pro-kontrnastup-shhob-vidvolikty-uvagu-vid-porazky-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-ganna-malyar/
In Kharkiv, the Russian Air Bomb with 300 kilograms of explosives was neutralized
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/na-harkivshhyni-zneshkodyly-rosijsku-aviabombu-iz-300-kilogramamy-vybuhivky/
Helped torture the participants of the resistance movement: detained the guardian of the former Russian torture in Kherson
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/dopomagav-katuvaty-uchasnykiv-ruhu-oporu-zatrymano-ohoronczya-kolyshnoyi-rosijskoyi-kativni-u-hersoni/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy met with the head of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Britain
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/volodymyr-zelenskyj-zustrivsya-iz-glavoyu-mzs-brytaniyi/
In the window of more than 300 cadets received the title of "junior lieutenant"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/u-viknu-ponad-300-kursantiv-otrymaly-zvannya-molodshyj-lejtenant/
Anna Malyar reported the promotion of Ukrainian troops in the Bakhmut direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/ganna-malyar-povidomyla-pro-prosuvannya-ukrayinskyh-vijsk-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku/
Ministry of Veterans announced the composition of the National Team "Igor of the Non -Cholone - 2023"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/minveteraniv-ogolosylo-sklad-naczionalnoyi-zbirnoyi-igor-neskorenyh-2023/
Ukrainian aviation has inflicted 18 blows to the enemy and his SCR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/ukrayinska-aviacziya-zavdala-18-udariv-po-vorogu-ta-jogo-zrk/
The war is not only destroyed by Ukraine, it also destroys the Russian Federation - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/vijna-rujnuye-ne-tilky-ukrayinu-vona-rujnuye-i-rosijsku-federacziyu-ganna-malyar/
In the east of Ukraine there were 25 combat clashes per day - the General Staff of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/na-shodi-ukrayiny-za-dobu-vidbulos-25-bojovyh-zitknen-genshtab-zsu/
Russians set up production and replenish their rockets - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/rosiyany-nalagodzhuyut-vyrobnycztvo-i-popovnyuyut-svij-zapas-raket-ganna-malyar/
Denis Shmigal and James Kleverli discussed military cooperation and prospects for Euro -Atlantic integration
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/denys-shmygal-ta-dzhejms-kleverli-obgovoryly-vijskovu-spivpraczyu-vidnovlennya-ta-perspektyvy-yevroatlantychnoyi-integracziyi/
Alexei Reznikov thanked the Ukrainian delegation for the promotion of national interests in the Singapore Forum
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/oleksij-reznikov-podyakuvav-ukrayinskij-delegacziyi-za-prosuvannya-naczionalnyh-interesiv-na-forumi-u-singapuri/
In the field hospital in Luhansk region, the occupiers sent 20 trucks with wounded military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/u-polovyj-gospital-na-luganshhyni-okupanty-napravyly-20-vantazhivok-z-poranenymy-vijskovymy/
The United States has allocated $ 37 million to strengthen Ukraine's cyber resistance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/ssha-vydilyly-37-mln-dolariv-na-posylennya-kiberstijkosti-ukrayiny/
Our troops move despite the fact that the enemy tries to resist - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/nashi-vijska-prosuvayutsya-popry-te-shho-vorog-namagayetsya-chynyty-opir-sergij-cherevatyj/
Ukraine and the United States of America have held an annual cyber political debate
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/ukrayina-ta-spolucheni-shtaty-ameryky-provely-shhorichnu-dyskusiyu-z-pytan-kiberpolityky/
GUR: In Russia, the senior operational group "Belgorod" was eliminated
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/gur-u-rosiyi-likviduvaly-starshogo-operatyvnogo-ugrupovannya-byelgorod/
The President of Ukraine thanked the soldiers who are fighting in the Bakhmut direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/prezydent-ukrayiny-podyakuvav-voyinam-yaki-voyuyut-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku/
Rosarmia plans to destroy Shebekino artillery - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/armiya-rf-planuye-znyshhyty-artyleriyeyu-shebekino-perehoplennya/
We are preparing new steps for even greater restriction of Russian military potential - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/gotuyemo-novi-kroky-dlya-shhe-bilshogo-obmezhennya-rosijskogo-vijskovogo-potenczialu-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Short. War. Day 467. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/05/korotko-vijna-den-467-videodajdzhest/
In American prison died former FBI agent who was spying for Moscow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718727-v-amerikanskij-vaznici-pomer-kolisnij-agent-fbr-akij-spiguvav-dla-moskvi.html
Air alarm was declared in Kyiv region: what is known
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718728-na-kiivsini-ogolosili-povitranu-trivogu-so-vidomo.html
NATO will expand the headquarters in connection with Finland's introduction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718574-nato-rozsirit-stabkvartiru-u-zvazku-zi-vstupom-finlandii.html
Kharkiv Missile Firefight: Recorded in two areas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718726-raketnij-obstril-harkova-zafiksovano-priloti-u-dvoh-rajonah.html
Russian authorities admitted that it lost control of one of the border villages
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718725-rosijska-vlada-viznala-so-vtratila-kontrol-nad-odnim-iz-prikordonnih-sil.html
Russian authorities admitted that it lost control of one of the border villages
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718725-rosijska-vlada-viznala-so-vtratila-kontrol-nad-odnim-iz-prikordonnih-sil.html
Kharkiv Missile Firefight: Recorded in two areas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718726-raketnij-obstril-harkova-zafiksovano-priloti-u-dvoh-rajonah.html
NATO will expand the headquarters in connection with Finland's introduction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718574-nato-rozsirit-stabkvartiru-u-zvazku-zi-vstupom-finlandii.html
Air alarm was declared in Kyiv region: what is known
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3718728-na-kiivsini-ogolosili-povitranu-trivogu-so-vidomo.html
In American prison died former FBI agent who was spying for Moscow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3718727-v-amerikanskij-vaznici-pomer-kolisnij-agent-fbr-akij-spiguvav-dla-moskvi.html
Above Kiev in May, air defense forces destroyed 20 ballistic and 65 winged missiles released by Russia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/nad-kyyevom-u-travni-syly-ppo-znyshhyly-20-balistychnyh-i-65-krylatyh-raket-vypushhenyh-rosiyeyu/
俄罗斯在乌克兰的侵略受到1520个文化基础设施的影响
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/06/cherez-rosijsku-agresiyu-v-ukrayini-postrazhdaly-1520-obyektiv-kulturnoyi-infrastruktury/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====