乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-02

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Krasne Pershe, Fyholivka, Novomlynsk, Zapadne, Mas...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4957
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske and Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Novosado...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4958
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Kramatorsk, Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomar ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4959
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Novokalinova, Orlovka, Avdiivka, Tonny, Sever ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4960
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Kurakhovo, Maximilyanivka, St. George, Marinka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4961
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Bogoyavlenko, Village, Novoukrainka, Priest ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4962
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Vilne Pole, Novosilka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4963
Kyiv Oblast(06:32). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/01-june-kyiv-oblast0632-red-alert-aerial-threg
Footage of destruction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/01/kadry-znyshhennya-udarnogo-bezpilotnyka-lanczet-strileczkoyu-zbroyeyu/
The Center for Combating Misinformation reported the detection of hostile manipulations per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/01/czentr-protydiyi-dezinformacziyi-povidomyv-pro-vyyavlennya-vorozhyh-manipulyaczij-za-dobu/
Applications for Equation can now be submitted in CNAPs, through notaries and social security authorities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/01/zayavy-na-yevidnovlennya-teper-mozhna-podavaty-u-cznapah-cherez-notariusiv-ta-organy-soczzahystu/
Norway will provide Ukraine with military, humanitarian and civilian assistance for 7 billion euros
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/01/norvegiya-nadast-ukrayini-programu-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-na-7-milyardiv-yevro/
"If we are fighting further and we are fighting further, we need to announce mobilization now" - the leader of the Wagner PEC "
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/01/yakshho-my-voyuyemo-dali-a-my-voyuyemo-dali-vzhe-zaraz-treba-ogoloshuvaty-mobilizacziyu-vatazhok-pvk-vagner/
рашист скаржиться на втрати через безглузді рішення командування біля Кремінної — перехоплення ГУР
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/01/rashyst-skarzhytsya-na-vtraty-cherez-bezgluzdi-rishennya-komanduvannya-bilya-kreminnoyi-perehoplennya-gur/
Four bloggers who "lit up" the work of air defense now "shine" for 8 years of prison
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/01/chotyrom-blogerkam-yaki-zasvityly-robotu-ppo-teper-svityt-po-8-rokiv-vyaznyczi/
Night attack on Kiev: Among the victims are children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/01/nichna-ataka-na-kyyiv-sered-zagyblyh-ye-dity/
The Kremlin recognizes the success of the Ukrainian counter -offensive - CPD
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/01/kreml-vyznaye-virogidnym-uspih-ukrayinskogo-kontrnastupu-czpd/
The enemy again applied "Iskanders" to the objects of civil and critical infrastructure of Kyiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/01/protyvnyk-znovu-zastosuvav-iskandery-po-obyektah-czyvilnoyi-ta-krytychnoyi-infrastruktury-kyyivshhyny/
In Donbass, the forces of defense reflected 21 attacks of Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/01/na-donbasi-syly-oborony-vidbyly-21-ataku-rosiyan/
During the day the enemy has inflicted 3 rocket and 29 aviation blows
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/01/protyagom-doby-vorog-zavdav-3-raketnyh-ta-29-aviaczijnyh-udariv/
Our aviation has made 15 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/01/nasha-aviacziya-zavdala-15-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
The occupiers turned Energodar into a military-logistics base
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/01/okupanty-peretvoryly-energodar-na-vijskovo-logistychnu-bazu/
The forces of air defense were knocked down all ten "sparks" released by the Russians this night in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/01/syly-ppo-zbyly-vsi-desyat-iskanderiv-vypushhenyh-rosiyanamy-cziyeyi-nochi-po-kyyevu/
How effective are the tools of the Russian HPs and Rer now?
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/01/naskilky-efektyvnymy-ye-nyni-zasoby-rosijskogo-reb-ta-rer/
Enemy Loss per day: Almost 500 invaders have been eliminated, 2 tanks and 14 artisystems have been destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/01/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-majzhe-500-okupantiv-znyshheno-2-tanky-i-14-artsystem/
Norwegian instructors in the United Kingdom teach Ukrainian military to fight in the woods
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/01/norvezki-instruktory-u-velykij-brytaniyi-navchayut-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-vesty-bij-u-lisi/
"The duty of local authorities is to ensure the presence and availability of shelters around the clock" - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/01/obov%ca%bcyazok-misczevoyi-vlady-zabezpechyty-nayavnist-i-dostupnist-ukryttiv-czilodobovo-prezydent-ukrayiny/
"The cause of the enemy's rotary measures in the Bakhmut direction is the powerful blows of the Armed Forces" - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/01/prychyna-rotaczijnyh-zahodiv-protyvnyka-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-potuzhni-udary-zsu-sergij-cherevatyj/
Mass shelling of Ukraine is an example of the nervous reaction of the Russians to their failures on the battlefield
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/01/masovani-obstrily-ukrayiny-pryklad-nervovoyi-reakcziyi-rosiyan-na-yih-nevdachi-na-poli-boyu/
Among the mass burial in Izium remain unidentified 66 bodies
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717592-sered-masovogo-pohovanna-v-izumi-zalisautsa-neidentifikovanimi-66-til.html
Ermak: I never planned to go to president
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717665-ermak-a-nikoli-ne-planuvav-iti-u-prezidenti.html
Railway accident in India: half a hundred dead, over 300 wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717664-zaliznicna-avaria-v-indii-pivsotni-zagiblih-ponad-300-poranenih.html
392 children are considered to be disappeared in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3717434-v-ukraini-vvazautsa-zniklimi-392-ditini.html
Beh-Romanchuk won the Bronze at the Diamond League in Italy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717663-behromancuk-zdobula-bronzu-na-etapi-diamantovoi-ligi-v-italii.html
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Kramatorsk, Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomark ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4968
Ukraine will be in NATO and the European Union much earlier than everyone thinks - OP Head
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717660-ukraina-bude-v-nato-i-evrosouzi-nabagato-ranise-niz-usi-vvazaut-kerivnik-op.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Avdiivka, Vodyane, Pervomaisko, Karlovka of Don ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4969
US willing to support Ukraine's diplomatic efforts to complete the war - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717648-ssa-gotovi-pidtrimati-diplomaticni-zusilla-ukraini-dla-zaversenna-vijni-bilij-dim.html
At Shakhtarske direction Russian army shelled Vuhledar, Prechystivka and Novoukrayinka. Russi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4971
Yermak commented on charges of allegedly cooperation with the FSB
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717659-ermak-prokomentuvav-zvinuvacenna-u-nibito-spivpraci-z-fsb.html
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4973
Ukrainian footballer Zhidkov died in the war with Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717657-ukrainskij-futbolist-zidkov-zaginuv-na-vijni-z-rosieu.html
In Kiev and a number of areas - air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717655-u-kievi-ta-nizci-oblastej-povitrana-trivoga.html
Tkachuk - heel in 400 m running with barriers at the Diamond League in Italy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717654-tkacuk-pata-v-bigu-na-400-m-z-barerami-na-etapi-diamantovoi-ligi-v-italii.html
Ukrainian defenders in captivity lost up to 60 kilograms of weight - Yermak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717653-u-poloni-ukrainski-zahisniki-vtracali-do-60-kilogramiv-vagi-ermak.html
In the Black Sea, three Russian rocket launchers with 24 "calibers"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717650-u-cornomu-mori-tri-rosijski-raketonosii-iz-16-kalibrami.html
The Ukrainian national team won two "gold" medals at the Kyrgyzstan tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717647-zbirna-ukraini-z-borotbi-zdobula-dvi-zoloti-medali-na-turniri-u-kirgizstani.html
A car with the invaders exploded in Zaporozhye
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717645-na-zaporizzi-vibuhnula-avtivka-iz-zagarbnikami.html
Davidovych-Fokin beat Davidovich in the third circle "Rolan Harros"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717646-dzokovic-obigrav-davidovicfokinu-u-tretomu-koli-rolan-garros.html
Zelensky celebrated 263 servicemen awards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717644-zelenskij-vidznaciv-nagorodami-263-vijskovosluzbovciv.html
USA won't get involved in a nuclear pursuit with Russia and China - Advisor to Baiden
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717642-ssa-ne-vtaguvatimutsa-v-adernu-gonitvu-z-rosieu-ta-kitaem-radnik-bajdena.html
The decision on export of ammonia from the Russian Federation should be in the interests of Ukraine - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3717641-risenna-sodo-eksportu-amiaku-z-rf-mae-vidpovidati-interesam-ukraini-danilov.html
The women's national team of Ukraine is the second at the stage of the European Luke Grand Prix
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717639-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-druga-na-etapi-granpri-evropi-zi-strilbi-z-luka.html
The 20th Docudays UA International Film Festival has started in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3717638-u-kievi-startuvav-20j-miznarodnij-kinofestival-docudays-ua.html
Zelensky noted the fighters of two brigades and four border units
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717637-zelenskij-vidznaciv-bijciv-dvoh-brigad-ta-cotiroh-prikordonnih-zagoniv.html
Штати задоволені тим, як Україна забезпечена перед контрнаступом – Білий дім
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717636-stati-zadovoleni-tim-ak-ukraina-zabezpecena-pered-kontrnastupom-bilij-dim.html
Two ships collided in the Aegean Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717634-v-egejskomu-mori-zitknulisa-dva-korabli.html
Closed Cover: Three Officials and Hospital Security Supervisor have been suspected
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3717633-sprava-pro-zacinene-ukritta-trom-posadovcam-ta-ohoroncu-likarni-ogolosili-pidozru.html
US begins transporting to Poland's first batch of Abrams tanks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717630-ssa-rozpocinaut-transportuvanna-do-polsi-persoi-partii-tankiv-abrams.html
Zelensky announced a decision to transform the state
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717628-zelenskij-anonsuvav-risenna-z-transformacii-derzavi.html
Duda decided to change the scandalous law on investigating Russian influences in Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717627-duda-virisiv-zminiti-skandalnij-zakon-pro-rozsliduvanna-rosijskih-vpliviv-u-polsi.html
Svitolina: I came to "Rolan Harros" without expectations, to return to the tour after birth of a baby is actually very difficult
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717625-svitolina-a-priihala-na-rolan-garros-bez-ocikuvan-povertatisa-v-tur-pisla-narodzenna-ditini-ce-naspravdi-duze-vazko.html
The Russians fired Kharkiv region - there are dead and wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717624-rosiani-obstrilali-harkivsinu-e-zagibli-ta-poraneni.html
The OP Head told about the day when the commanders from the captivity were returned from Azovstal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717666-kerivnik-op-rozpoviv-pro-den-koli-z-polonu-vdalosa-povernuti-komandiriv-z-azovstali.html
15 cruise missiles and 18 drones, launched by Russia were shot down overnight
https://t.me/UkraineNow/33940
Russian artillery shelled Nikopol at midnight
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/43187
15 cruise missiles and 21 strike drones were shot down by Ukrainian air defense last night
https://t.me/kpszsu/2550
JSC Sivershchyna And Slobozhanshchina Directions Rusyan Army Shelled Berylivka, Jeline, Channel ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4965
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian of the Army Shelled Georgiivka, Marinka, Victory And Anda Novomikhailivka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4970
2 person killed, 2 wounded as result of shelling in Maslova Pristan' town of Belgorod region
https://t.me/breakingmash/44606
Blinken: We worked to support Ukraine and strengthen NATO after the war broke out
https://twitter.com/SkyNewsArabia_B/status/1664560541224824832
US Secretary of State: We worked to help Finland develop its military industry
https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/2-june-us-secretary-of-state-we-worked-to-help-finland-develop
Several explosions reported in Henichesk
https://t.me/dniprorudne_ukraine/2383
Explosions reported in Zaporizhzhia
https://t.me/dniprorudne_ukraine/2385
Explosions were reported near port in Berdiansk
https://twitter.com/UTsigan/status/1664577123661807617
In the Shebekinsky district, the movement of suburban trains was suspended
https://t.me/rian_ru/204467
2 person killed, 4 wounded as result of shelling in Komyshuvakha town of Zaporizhzhia region
https://t.me/babel/33280
Explosions and fires in Shebekyne
https://t.me/zhest_belgorod/27654
The Kremlin takes note of Pashinyan's words that Armenia is not an ally of the Russian Federa...
https://t.me/bbbreaking/156920
1 person killed, 3 wounded(children) as result of landmine explosion in Kharkiv region
https://t.me/Novoeizdanie/52683
According to Russian media cross-border attack with 2 tanks was repelled near Schebekyne town...
https://t.me/breakingmash/44612
Explosions reported in Kharkiv region after missile launches from Belgorod region
https://t.me/kharkivlife/61761
Missile launches in Belgorod region, possible air defense
https://t.me/zhest_belgorod/27667
Partial blackout in Kyiv and Kyiv region due to thunderstorms
https://twitter.com/5channel/status/1664642413359423488
US sees chance for arms control talks with Russia despite current tensions, Russian invasion ...
https://twitter.com/jseldin/status/1664650353923571713
2 person killed, 4 wounded as result of aerial strike at Kishvarivka village of Kharkiv region
https://t.me/kharkiv_novosti0/7
In Riga, the Charity Foundation held a holiday for Ukrainian children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3717432-u-rizi-blagodijnij-fond-proviv-svato-dla-ukrainskih-ditej.html
In Britain, Ukrainian military is working out hand grenades throwing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717436-u-britanii-ukrainski-vijskovi-vidpracovuut-metanna-rucnih-granat.html
The CIA's ex -Director is convinced of the success of Ukraine's counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717437-eksdirektor-cru-perekonanij-v-uspisnosti-kontrnastupu-ukraini.html
Missile launches in Donetsk
https://t.me/itsdonetsk/78459
Orban instead of a counter -offensive called for Ukraine's negotiations with Russia - the Foreign Ministry reacted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717439-orban-zamist-kontrnastupu-zaklikav-do-peregovoriv-ukraini-z-rosieu-u-mzs-vidreaguvali.html
The German national team has named the match with Ukraine, Poland and Columbia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717441-zbirna-nimeccini-nazvala-zaavku-na-igri-z-ukrainou-polseu-ta-ta-kolumbieu.html
In Japan, three western prefectures covered a powerful storm front
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717446-u-aponii-tri-zahidni-prefekturi-nakriv-potuznij-stormovij-front.html
The military, which, while seizing the village in the Kyiv region, stole property in absentia.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3717447-vijskovomu-rf-akij-pid-cas-zahoplenna-sela-na-kiivsini-vikradav-majno-zaocno-ogolosili-pidozru.html
Stoltenberg calls NATO member states as soon as possible to increase defense expenditures up to 2%
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717449-stoltenberg-zaklikae-krainicleni-nato-aknajsvidse-zbilsiti-vidatki-na-oboronu-do-2-vvp.html
The exposition "Skovoroda World" received 15 awards of the Kiev International Advertising Festival
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3717452-ekspozicia-svit-skovorodi-otrimala-15-nagorod-kiivskogo-miznarodnogo-festivalu-reklami.html
After the explosions from the port of Berdyansk flee Russian ships
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717453-z-portu-berdanska-tikaut-rosijski-korabli.html
Danilov commented the speech by Russian Buzhansky's deputy on TV
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717456-danilov-prokomentuvav-vistup-rosijskou-deputata-buzanskogo-na-tb.html
To European clinics, 17 more affected Ukrainians have been taken to treatment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3717457-do-evropejskih-klinik-dopravili-na-likuvanna-se-17-postrazdalih-ukrainciv.html
Blinken called the "complete strategic failure" an aggressive war of Russia against Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717458-blinken-nazvav-povnim-strategicnim-provalom-agresivnu-vijnu-rosii-proti-ukraini.html
Nobel laureate Matviychuk will hand over to the Pope letters from relatives of prisoners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3717460-nobelivska-laureatka-matvijcuk-peredast-papi-rimskomu-listi-vid-rodiciv-polonenih.html
Russians for the second day in a row dump airbombs in Kherson region, there is a destruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717464-rosiani-drugij-den-pospil-skidaut-aviabombi-na-hersonsinu-e-rujnuvanna.html
The Men's Basketball 3x3 of Ukraine conducted control games with Estonia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717466-colovica-zbirna-ukraini-z-basketbolu-3h3-provela-kontrolni-igri-z-estonieu.html
Zelensky instructed to conduct a complete audit of all protective structures of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717468-zelenskij-doruciv-provesti-povnu-reviziu-usih-zahisnih-sporud-ukraini.html
Зеленський зустрівся у Києві з Президентом Естонії
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717471-zelenskij-zustrivsa-u-kievi-z-prezidentom-estonii.html
A vehicle with collaborators was blown up in Mykhailivka of Zaporizhzhia region
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/53514
China is preparing new steps for the political resolution of the "Ukrainian crisis" - a specialist of the PRC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717475-kitaj-gotue-novi-kroki-zadla-politicnogo-virisenna-ukrainskoi-krizi-specposlanec-knr.html
The Russians transferred special forces to the Belgorod region to fight guerrillas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717480-rosiani-perekinuli-specnaz-u-belgorodsku-oblast-dla-borotbi-z-partizanami-cns.html
No NATO country will not be drawn into war - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717485-zodnu-krainu-nato-ukraina-ne-vtaguvatime-u-vijnu-zelenskij.html
OP was called the absurd statements of Orban about negotiations with Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717484-v-op-nazvali-absurdnimi-zaavi-orbana-pro-peregovori-z-rosieu.html
After the death of cadets in Kharkiv region, four people have already been removed from positions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717486-pisla-zagibeli-kursantiv-na-harkivsini-cotiroh-osib-vze-vidstoronili-vid-posad.html
The Government has attracted more than ₴ 498 billion since
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3717489-urad-iz-pocatku-vijni-zaluciv-vid-prodazu-ovdp-ponad-498-milardiv.html
В оновленій версії застосунку «Київ Цифровий» можна повідомити про недоступне укриття
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3717495-v-onovlenij-versii-zastosunku-kiiv-cifrovij-mozna-povidomiti-pro-nedostupne-ukritta.html
Zelensky about a counter -offensive: the main thing is to see it and felt
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717491-zelenskij-pro-kontrnastup-golovne-sob-jogo-pobacila-ta-vidcula-rosia.html
The Russians fired a village near Zaporozhye - two dead, four wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717494-rosiani-obstrilali-selise-poblizu-zaporizza-dvoe-zagiblih-cetvero-poranenih.html
In Kiev, precautions were chosen to four bloggers who were spreading Video work of air defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3717497-u-kievi-obrali-zapobizni-zahodi-cotirom-blogeram-aki-posiruvali-video-roboti-ppo.html
Katarina Zavatskaya will play in the semifinals of the ITF 60 tournament in Italy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717499-katarina-zavacka-zigrae-u-pivfinali-turniru-itf-60-v-italii.html
Ohmatdit got a modern computer tomograph
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3717503-ohmatdit-otrimav-sucasnij-komputernij-tomograf.html
Zelensky can start publicly fighting those who enable Russian sanctions to bypass
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717510-zelenskij-moze-pocati-publicno-borotisa-z-timi-hto-dae-mozlivist-obhoditi-rosii-sankcii.html
Ukraine deserved peace within the internationally recognized borders - President of Estonia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717511-ukraina-zasluzila-na-mir-v-mezah-miznarodno-viznanih-kordoniv-prezident-estonii.html
A photo exhibition "Ukraine: Journalists on the front line" opened in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3717514-u-kievi-vidkrilas-fotovistavka-ukraina-zurnalisti-na-peredovij.html
12 garages are burning in Obolon district of Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3717515-v-obolonskomu-rajoni-kieva-gorat-12-garaziv.html
Kruty stopped on the way to the semi -finals of the ATR tournament in Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717516-krutih-zupinivsa-na-slahu-do-pivfinalu-turniru-atr-u-nimeccini.html
The Patriot coalition may not only be countries that have these systems - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717520-u-koalicii-patriot-mozut-buti-ne-lise-kraini-aki-maut-ci-sistemi-zelenskij.html
Zelenskaya proposes to make the space "jointly" at the Kyiv Station with a tool of cultural diplomacy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3717523-zelenska-proponue-zrobiti-prostir-spilno-na-kiivskomu-vokzali-instrumentom-kulturnoi-diplomatii.html
In Kharkiv, the car was blown up on an unknown device, there are deaths and three seriously wounded children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717524-na-harkivsini-avto-pidirvalosa-na-nevidomomu-pristroi-e-zagibla-ta-troe-vazkoporanenih-ditej.html
Ukrenergo denied searches information
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3717526-v-ukrenergo-sprostuvali-informaciu-pro-obsuki.html
The fighter coalition has eight countries - Yermak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717528-koalicia-vinisuvaciv-nalicue-uze-visim-krain-ermak.html
Estonia was the first to start practical reports of recovery in Ukraine - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3717529-estonia-persou-rozpocala-prakticni-proekti-vidnovlenna-v-ukraini-smigal.html
Beijing specialist refuted rumors about the proposals of the PRC to leave Russia occupied territories of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717531-specposlanec-pekina-sprostuvav-cutki-pro-propozicii-knr-zalisiti-rosii-okupovani-teritorii-ukraini.html
Demand and Defense Enterprises: Zelensky told what he agreed with Estonia President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717537-rozminuvanna-ta-oboronni-pidpriemstva-zelenskij-rozpoviv-pro-so-domovivsa-z-prezidentom-estonii.html
Stefanchuk met with President of Lithuania and discussed the Ukrainian formula of peace with him
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717539-stefancuk-zustrivsa-z-prezidentom-litvi-ta-obgovoriv-z-nim-ukrainsku-formulu-miru.html
The SCO stated that they asked Budanova to facilitate the departure of the deputy Trubitsyn - "Schemes"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3717545-u-sso-zaavili-so-ce-voni-prosili-budanova-spriati-viizdu-za-kordon-deputata-trubicina-shemi.html
Bilodid: In Kiev, a Russian rocket killed a young judoist Victoria Ivashko and her mother. Ijf, are you sure that everyone is doing right?
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717548-bilodid-v-kievi-rosijska-raketa-vbila-unu-dzudoistku-viktoriu-ivasko-ta-ii-mamu-ijf-vi-vpevneni-so-vse-robite-pravilno.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
United24: Six houses are rebuilt in the Kyiv region, 12 more are in line
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3717555-united24-na-kiivsini-vidbudovuut-sist-budinkiv-se-12-na-cerzi.html
On Lesya Ukrainka Boulevard restored traffic after the column fall
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3717483-na-bulvari-lesi-ukrainki-vpav-stovp-ruh-timcasovo-perekrili.html
The invaders through Mariupol carry the "teeth of the dragon" to Zaporozhye
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717553-zagarbniki-cerez-mariupol-transportuut-zubi-drakona-u-pologivskomu-napramku.html
In Toretsk, two high -rise buildings were burning as a result of the Russian blow, a person was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717552-u-torecku-vnaslidok-rosijskogo-udaru-gorili-dvi-bagatopoverhivki-zaginula-ludina.html
State budget borrowing since the beginning of the year amounted to almost ₴ 740 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3717556-derzavni-zapozicenna-do-budzetu-z-pocatku-roku-stanovili-majze-740-milardiv.html
In Germany, searches in the case of the blast "North Streams"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717559-u-nimeccini-projsli-obsuki-u-spravi-pidrivu-pivnicnih-potokiv.html
In Kiev because of bad weather - partial shutdown of light
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3717563-u-kievi-cerez-negodu-castkovi-vidklucenna-svitla.html
At the gas station again grow prices for liquefied gas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3717562-na-azs-znovu-rostut-cini-na-skraplenij-gaz.html
The FSB agent who was spying in Cherkasy region was planted for 15 years
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717561-agenta-fsb-akij-na-cerkasini-spiguvav-za-ppo-posadili-na-15-rokiv.html
G7 ambassadors welcome the appointment of members of the CCCS
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717569-posli-g7-vitaut-priznacenna-cleniv-vkks.html
Leau's Milan leader continued his contract with the club
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717570-lider-milanu-leau-prodovziv-kontrakt-z-klubom.html
In Kiev, because of the fall of trees, the traffic on the streets of Heroes of the Dnieper and Salutna is complicated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3717571-u-kievi-cerez-padinna-derev-uskladnenij-ruh-na-vulicah-geroiv-dnipra-ta-salutnij.html
The US has imposed sanctions against companies that restrict access to the Internet in Iran
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717577-ssa-zaprovadili-sankcii-proti-kompanij-aki-obmezuut-dostup-do-internetu-v-irani.html
Norway instructors teach the Ukrainian military safe overcoming mine barriers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717578-instruktori-z-norvegii-vcat-ukrainskih-vijskovih-bezpecnomu-podolannu-minnih-zagorodzen.html
Ukraine and the Netherlands will increase cooperation in the field of digitalization of cultural heritage
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3717579-ukraina-i-niderlandi-posilat-spivpracu-u-galuzi-cifrovizacii-kulturnoi-spadsini.html
From the NBU special account to the needs of defense have already listed almost ₴ 25.3 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3717582-zi-specrahunku-nbu-na-potrebi-oboroni-vze-pererahuvali-majze-253-milarda.html
Reznikov in Singapore discussed with US and Canada's defense ministers support Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717583-reznikov-u-singapuri-obgovoriv-iz-ministrami-oboroni-ssa-ta-kanadi-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
Australia in July will provide Ukraine with a new package
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717584-avstralia-u-lipni-nadast-ukraini-novij-paket-dopomogi.html
The Russian troops struck a rocket strike on a forest area in Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717589-vijska-rf-zavdali-raketnogo-udaru-po-lisovomu-masivu-na-harkivsini.html
Svitolina beat the Russian shadow in the third circle of Rolan Harros
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717591-svitolina-obigrala-rosianku-blinkovu-u-tretomu-koli-rolan-garros.html
Харківська облрада не підтримала позбавлення Суркіса звання почесного громадянина області
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717593-harkivska-oblrada-ne-pidtrimala-pozbavlenna-surkisa-zvanna-pocesnogo-gromadanina-oblasti.html
The appropriation of ₴ 600 million Ukrtatnafta: SBU exposed the Business Partner of Kolomoisky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3717596-privlasnenna-600-miljoniv-ukrtatnafti-sbu-vikrila-biznespartnera-kolomojskogo.html
Lyudmila Kichenok with victory started in a mixture on Rolan Harros
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717595-ludmila-kicenok-z-peremogi-startuvala-v-miksti-na-rolan-garros.html
Ukraine can return Crimea this year - Wallace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3717600-ukraina-moze-povernuti-krim-uze-cogo-roku-volles.html
The government has directed another 80 million for defense needs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3717602-urad-spramuvav-se-80-miljoniv-na-potrebi-oboroni.html
Defense forces per day were repelled in east 15 attacks, eight of them in the Marinka area
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717603-sili-oboroni-za-dobu-vidbili-na-shodi-15-atak-visim-iz-nih-v-rajoni-marinki.html
The Russian troops were again hit by managed airbams in the village in Kharkiv region, two dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717606-vijska-rf-znovu-vdarili-kerovanimi-aviabombami-po-selu-na-harkivsini-troe-zagiblih.html
US against the ceasefire in Ukraine because it will give a break to the Russians - the White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717610-ssa-proti-pripinenna-vognu-v-ukraini-bo-ce-dast-perepocinok-rosianam-bilij-dim.html
Ukraine at European Games 2023 will be represented by 263 athletes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717611-ukrainu-na-evropejskih-igrah2023-predstavlatimut-263-sportsmeni.html
Estonia President met with rescuers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3717612-prezident-estonii-zustrivsa-z-ratuvalnikami.html
The air shield must be provided with everything required on a permanent basis - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717614-povitranij-sit-mae-buti-zabezpecenij-usim-neobhidnim-na-postijnij-osnovi-zelenskij.html
White House: F-16 for Ukraine-more than just a new battle platform
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717618-bilij-dim-f16-dla-ukraini-bilse-niz-prosto-nova-bojova-platforma.html
The Ukrainian national team won bronze in the Superfinals of the COP on Artistic Swimming
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717619-zbirna-ukraini-zdobula-bronzu-u-superfinali-ks-z-artisticnogo-plavanna.html
Ukraine is working on exporting digital decisions to Latin America and Africa - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3717621-ukraina-pracue-nad-eksportom-cifrovih-risen-do-krain-latinskoi-ameriki-ta-afriki-zelenskij.html
Besedin left Cyprus' homony after lease
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717623-besedin-pokinuv-kiprsku-omoniu-pisla-zakincenna-orendi.html
The Russians fired Kharkiv region - there are dead and wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717624-rosiani-obstrilali-harkivsinu-e-zagibli-ta-poraneni.html
Svitolina: I came to "Rolan Harros" without expectations, to return to the tour after birth of a baby is actually very difficult
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717625-svitolina-a-priihala-na-rolan-garros-bez-ocikuvan-povertatisa-v-tur-pisla-narodzenna-ditini-ce-naspravdi-duze-vazko.html
Duda decided to change the scandalous law on investigating Russian influences in Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717627-duda-virisiv-zminiti-skandalnij-zakon-pro-rozsliduvanna-rosijskih-vpliviv-u-polsi.html
Zelensky announced a decision to transform the state
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717628-zelenskij-anonsuvav-risenna-z-transformacii-derzavi.html
US begins transporting to Poland's first batch of Abrams tanks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717630-ssa-rozpocinaut-transportuvanna-do-polsi-persoi-partii-tankiv-abrams.html
Closed Cover: Three Officials and Hospital Security Supervisor have been suspected
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3717633-sprava-pro-zacinene-ukritta-trom-posadovcam-ta-ohoroncu-likarni-ogolosili-pidozru.html
Two ships collided in the Aegean Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717634-v-egejskomu-mori-zitknulisa-dva-korabli.html
States are satisfied with how Ukraine is provided before the counter -offensive - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717636-stati-zadovoleni-tim-ak-ukraina-zabezpecena-pered-kontrnastupom-bilij-dim.html
Zelensky noted the fighters of two brigades and four border units
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717637-zelenskij-vidznaciv-bijciv-dvoh-brigad-ta-cotiroh-prikordonnih-zagoniv.html
The 20th Docudays UA International Film Festival has started in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3717638-u-kievi-startuvav-20j-miznarodnij-kinofestival-docudays-ua.html
The women's national team of Ukraine is the second at the stage of the European Luke Grand Prix
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717639-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-druga-na-etapi-granpri-evropi-zi-strilbi-z-luka.html
The decision on export of ammonia from the Russian Federation should be in the interests of Ukraine - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3717641-risenna-sodo-eksportu-amiaku-z-rf-mae-vidpovidati-interesam-ukraini-danilov.html
USA won't get involved in a nuclear pursuit with Russia and China - Advisor to Baiden
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717642-ssa-ne-vtaguvatimutsa-v-adernu-gonitvu-z-rosieu-ta-kitaem-radnik-bajdena.html
Zelensky celebrated 263 servicemen awards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717644-zelenskij-vidznaciv-nagorodami-263-vijskovosluzbovciv.html
Davidovych-Fokin beat Davidovich in the third circle "Rolan Harros"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717646-dzokovic-obigrav-davidovicfokinu-u-tretomu-koli-rolan-garros.html
A car with the invaders exploded in Zaporozhye
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717645-na-zaporizzi-vibuhnula-avtivka-iz-zagarbnikami.html
The Ukrainian national team won two "gold" medals at the Kyrgyzstan tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717647-zbirna-ukraini-z-borotbi-zdobula-dvi-zoloti-medali-na-turniri-u-kirgizstani.html
In the Black Sea, three Russian rocket launchers with 24 "calibers"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717650-u-cornomu-mori-tri-rosijski-raketonosii-iz-16-kalibrami.html
Ukrainian defenders in captivity lost up to 60 kilograms of weight - Yermak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717653-u-poloni-ukrainski-zahisniki-vtracali-do-60-kilogramiv-vagi-ermak.html
Tkachuk - heel in 400 m running with barriers at the Diamond League in Italy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717654-tkacuk-pata-v-bigu-na-400-m-z-barerami-na-etapi-diamantovoi-ligi-v-italii.html
In Kiev and a number of areas - air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717655-u-kievi-ta-nizci-oblastej-povitrana-trivoga.html
Ukrainian footballer Zhidkov died in the war with Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717657-ukrainskij-futbolist-zidkov-zaginuv-na-vijni-z-rosieu.html
Yermak commented on charges of allegedly cooperation with the FSB
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717659-ermak-prokomentuvav-zvinuvacenna-u-nibito-spivpraci-z-fsb.html
US willing to support Ukraine's diplomatic efforts to complete the war - White House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717648-ssa-gotovi-pidtrimati-diplomaticni-zusilla-ukraini-dla-zaversenna-vijni-bilij-dim.html
Україна буде в НАТО і Євросоюзі набагато раніше, ніж усі вважають - керівник ОП
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717660-ukraina-bude-v-nato-i-evrosouzi-nabagato-ranise-niz-usi-vvazaut-kerivnik-op.html
Beh-Romanchuk won the Bronze at the Diamond League in Italy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3717663-behromancuk-zdobula-bronzu-na-etapi-diamantovoi-ligi-v-italii.html
Railway accident in India: half a hundred dead, over 300 wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3717664-zaliznicna-avaria-v-indii-pivsotni-zagiblih-ponad-300-poranenih.html
Ermak: I never planned to go to president
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3717665-ermak-a-nikoli-ne-planuvav-iti-u-prezidenti.html
Among the mass burial in Izium remain unidentified 66 bodies
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717592-sered-masovogo-pohovanna-v-izumi-zalisautsa-neidentifikovanimi-66-til.html
The OP Head told about the day when the commanders from the captivity were returned from Azovstal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717666-kerivnik-op-rozpoviv-pro-den-koli-z-polonu-vdalosa-povernuti-komandiriv-z-azovstali.html
Alexei Chubashev's memory will take place in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/u-kyyevi-vidbudetsya-blagodijnyj-zabig-pamyati-oleksiya-chubasheva/
Ukraine is a striking example of what results give NATO standards - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/ukrayina-yaskravyj-pryklad-togo-yaki-rezultaty-dayut-standarty-nato-ganna-malyar/
Russia again unreasonably blocked the work of the grain corridor
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/rosiya-znovu-bezpidstavno-zablokuvala-robotu-zernovogo-korydoru/
The European Parliament has approved an increase in ammunition production for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/yevroparlament-shvalyv-zbilshennya-vyrobnycztva-boyeprypasiv-dlya-ukrayiny/
Another enemy shelling of Kherson region - an investigation has been started
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/chergovyj-vorozhyj-obstril-hersonshhyny-rozpochato-rozsliduvannya/
A serviceman
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/vijskovosluzhbovecz-rf-pro-sytuacziyu-bilya-lymanu-ta-kreminnoyi-perehoplennya-gur/
The SBU eliminated the shadow scheme of sale of Ukrainian goods for the military industry of the aggressor country
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/sbu-likviduvala-tinovu-shemu-prodazhu-ukrayinskyh-tovariv-dlya-vijskovoyi-promyslovosti-krayiny-agresora/
Ministry and Nokia will work to restore the Internet IP ’
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/minczyfry-ta-nokia-praczyuvatymut-nad-vidnovlennyam-internet-zvyazku-u-pryfrontovyh-mistah/
Defenders of Ukraine reflected 25 enemy attacks during the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/zahysnyky-ukrayiny-protyagom-doby-vidbyly-25-vorozhyh-atak/
At night the air defense forces destroyed 15 rockets and 18 shahd enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/vnochi-syly-ppo-znyshhyly-15-raket-i-18-shahed-protyvnyka/
In Kherson region, the occupiers threaten to stop electricity to Ukrainians without Russian documents
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/na-hersonshhyni-okupanty-pogrozhuyut-prypynyty-elektropostachannya-ukrayinczyam-bez-rosijskyh-dokumentiv/
Our artillerymen of the last day impressed the management point and 5 artillery units of the racists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/nashi-artylerysty-mynuloyi-doby-vrazyly-punkt-upravlinnya-ta-5-artylerijskyh-pidrozdiliv-rashystiv/
Defense forces per day eliminated more than 500 invaders, destroyed 15 tanks, 27 artisystems and 12 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-ponad-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-15-tankiv-27-artsystem-i-12-bbm/
We build a flexible model of preparation in the conditions of hostilities of high intensity - Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/buduyemo-gnuchku-model-pidgotovky-v-umovah-voyennyh-dij-vysokoyi-intensyvnosti-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
"The Epicenter of the Night attack became the capital again" - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/epiczentrom-nichnoyi-ataky-znovu-stala-stolyczya-yurij-ignat/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
The enemy in his air attacks does not help Aniaki tricks - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/vorogu-v-jogo-povitryanyh-atakah-ne-dopomagayut-aniyaki-hytroshhi-nataliya-gumenyuk/
The enemy at night has released 15 missiles and 21 UAVs Shahd - all destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/vorog-unochi-vypustyv-po-ukrayini-15-raket-i-21-bpla-shahed-usi-znyshheni/
The plan of training of Ukrainian pilots on F-16 planes is formed-Poland Prime Minister
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/sformovano-plan-navchannya-ukrayinskyh-pilotiv-na-litakah-f-16-premyer-ministr-polshhi/
"The opinion of the military on visiting all beaches is unchanged - it is dangerous" - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/dumka-vijskovyh-shhodo-vidvidyn-usih-plyazhiv-nezminna-cze-nebezpechno-nataliya-gumenyuk/
The enemy struck by Kherson by airbags to blame the Ukrainian military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/vorog-udaryv-po-hersonshhyni-aviabombamy-aby-zvynuvatyty-v-czomu-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-nataliya-gumenyuk/
In the Carpathian region presented a book about a hundred years of struggle of Ukrainians with Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/na-prykarpatti-prezentuvaly-knygu-pro-sto-rokiv-borotby-ukrayincziv-iz-rosiyanamy/
In Finland 100 km from the border from the Russian Federation, the training of NATO and Sweden's forces ended
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/u-finlyandiyi-za-100-km-vid-kordonu-z-rf-zavershylysya-navchannya-syl-nato-i-shvecziyi/
During the day, rescuers went to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling almost 200 times
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-majzhe-200-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-10/
In Bakhmut we have reached the most important thing by exhausting the enemy - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/u-bahmuti-my-dosyagly-najgolovnishogo-vysnazhyvshy-voroga-sergij-cherevatyj/
Lithuanian Defense Minister: Putin is reported every time that all Patriot is destroyed in Ukraine, but the truth is different
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/ministr-oborony-lytvy-putinu-shhorazu-dopovidayut-shho-v-ukrayini-znyshheno-vsi-zrk-patriot-odnak-pravda-insha/
Super Cup FPV: Defense Forces Selected 3 The most powerful Ukrainian UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/superkubok-fpv-predstavnyky-syl-oborony-vybraly-3-najpotuzhnishi-ukrayinski-bpla/
Denmark, Belgium, Britain and the Netherlands will begin training Ukrainian pilots on F-16 as soon as possible
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/daniya-belgiya-brytaniya-ta-niderlandy-yaknajshvydshe-rozpochnut-navchannya-ukrayinskyh-pilotiv-na-f-16/
85 parishes were recorded: the Russians again fired at the border of Sumy and Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/zafiksovano-85-pryhodiv-rosiyany-znovu-obstrilyaly-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-j-chernigivshhyny/
Interactive Online Map Humanitarian Demining Updated Regularly
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/interaktyvna-onlajn-mapa-vykonannya-gumanitarnogo-rozminuvannya-onovlyuyetsya-regulyarno/
Configured for close cooperation - President of Ukraine congratulated the new head of the UN General Assembly
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/nalashtovanyj-na-tisnu-spivpraczyu-prezydent-ukrayiny-pryvitav-novogo-golovu-genasambleyi-oon/
More than 600 explosive items, including 7 aircraft
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-600-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-zokrema-7-aviabomb/
The army of the Russian Federation per day attacked ten regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/armiya-rf-za-dobu-atakuvala-desyat-oblastej-ukrayiny/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: Almost 91 thousand military crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-majzhe-91-tysyachu-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
Ilya Kovtun Army is a contender for the title of the best gymnast of the year in Europe
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/armiyecz-illya-kovtun-pretenduye-na-zvannya-najkrashhogo-gimnasta-roku-v-yevropi/
Rocket attacks of Russians on Kiev became an image slap for them - Petro Chernik
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/raketni-ataky-rosiyan-na-kyyiv-staly-dlya-nyh-imidzhevym-lyapasom-petro-chernyk/
Ruslan Stefanchuk called on the heads of NATO parliaments to support Ukraine's Euro -Atlantic future
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/golova-parlamentu-zaklykav-goliv-parlamentiv-nato-pidtrymaty-yevroatlantychne-majbutnye-ukrayiny/
The state of the air defense, the front and the bomb shelter audit: the President was betting the Commander -in -Chief
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/stan-ppo-front-ta-reviziya-bomboshovyshh-prezydent-proviv-stavku-golovnokomanduvacha/
Ukraine's defense forces in general destroyed and damaged 22 warships of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/syly-obrony-ukrayiny-zagalom-znyshhyly-j-poshkodyly-22-vijskovi-korabli-rf/
GUR: Kidneping-State Policy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/gur-kidneping-derzhavna-polityka-krayiny-okupanta/
In the Black Sea there are three rocket launchers with 20 "calibers"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/u-chornomu-mori-perebuvaye-try-raketonosiyi-z-20-kalibramy/
89 athletes of the Armed Forces will represent Ukraine at the III European Games
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/89-sportsmeniv-zsu-predstavlyat-ukrayinu-na-iii-yevropejskyh-igrah/
Non -Alya Art therapy for the military: a unique action was held in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/neryadova-artterapiya-dlya-vijskovyh-u-kyyevi-provely-unikalnu-akcziyu/
The location of Ukrainian captives of the Russian Federation does not provide information - the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/pro-misczeznahodzhennya-ukrayinskyh-polonenyh-rf-informacziyi-ne-nadaye-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
Alexei Reznikov arrived in Singapore to the Shanngry-La Dialogue Forum and held a number of meetings
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/oleksij-reznikov-prybuv-do-singapuru-na-bezpekovyj-forum-dialog-shangri-la-ta-proviv-nyzku-zustrichej/
Ukrainian military participated in Invictus Heroes Half Marathon
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/ukrayinski-vijskovi-vzyaly-uchast-v-invictus-heroes-half-marathon/
We provide Ukraine with comprehensive military assistance - from tanks to ammunition and study - Anita Anand at Singapore Summit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/anita-anand-my-nadayemo-ukrayini-kompleksnu-vijskovu-dopomogu-vid-tankiv-do-boyeprypasiv-i-navchannya/
More than 2 million citizens of the world have signed a petition on the creation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/ponad-2-mln-gromadyan-krayin-svitu-pidpysaly-petycziyu-pro-stvorennya-specztrybunalu-nad-putinym/
Alexei Reznikov met with the Minister of Defense Singapore: we continue work for the victory of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/oleksij-reznikov-zustrivsya-z-ministrom-oborony-singapuru-prodovzhuyemo-robotu-dlya-peremogy-ukrayiny/
Defense forces for a week neutralized over 36,000 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/syly-oborony-za-tyzhden-zneshkodyly-ponad-36-tysyach-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
Presidents of Ukraine and Estonia discussed the creation of joint defense industries in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/prezydenty-ukrayiny-ta-estoniyi-obgovoryly-stvorennya-spilnyh-oboronnyh-vyrobnycztv-v-ukrayini/
30 NATO ships are involved in the largest exercises in the Baltic Sea area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/30-korabliv-nato-berut-uchast-u-najbilshyh-navchannyah-v-akvatoriyi-baltijskogo-morya/
Австралія у липні оголосить про черговий пакет безпекової допомоги для України
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/avstraliya-u-lypni-ogolosyt-pro-chergovyj-paket-bezpekovoyi-dopomogy-dlya-ukrayiny/
Ukraine wants to have clear security guarantees for NATO membership - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/ukrayina-hoche-maty-chitki-garantiyi-bezpeky-do-chlenstva-v-nato-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Alexei Reznikov During a meeting with Anita Anand at Singapore Summit: Canada Council join the tank coalition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/oleksij-reznikov-pid-chas-zustrichi-z-anitoyu-anand-na-samiti-u-singapuri-kanada-rada-pryyednatysya-do-tankovoyi-koalicziyi/
Alexei Reznikov and Pentagon Head in Singapore: Our Partnership is strong
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/oleksij-reznikov-i-llojd-ostin-u-singapuri-partnerstvo-ukrayina-ssha-miczne/
Defense forces reflected 15 attacks and destroyed 17 shock UAVs of the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/syly-oborony-vidbyly-15-atak-i-znyshhyly-17-udarnyh-bpla-voroga/
Russia threw out 200 cadets to "strengthen" its western border
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/rosiya-perekynula-200-kursantiv-dlya-posylennya-svogo-zahidnogo-kordonu/
Aviation of Defense Forces for the past day has made 10 beats on the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-mynulu-dobu-zavdala-10-udariv-po-okupantah/
Alexei Danilov discussed the security situation in the region with the Atlantic Council delegation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/oleksij-danilov-obgvoryv-z-delegacziyeyu-atlantychnoyi-rady-bezpekovu-sytuacziyu-u-regioni/
Ruslan Stefanchuk thanked Lithuanian President for the support of Ukraine's Euro -Atlantic future
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/ruslan-stefanchuk-podyakuvav-prezydentu-lytvy-za-pidtrymku-yevroatlantychnogo-majbutnogo-ukrayiny/
The heads of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine and Germany discussed the situation at the front and cooperation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/glavy-minoborony-ukrayiny-ta-nimechchyny-obgovoryly-sytuacziyu-na-fronti-ta-spivpraczyu/
The Ukrainian Air Condition must be provided with everything necessary - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/ukrayinskyj-povitryanyj-shhyt-maye-buty-zabezpechenyj-usim-neobhidnym-prezydent-ukrayiny/
The Agent of the Belarusian KGB was detained, who was spying on the movement of defense forces in northern Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/zatrymano-agenta-biloruskogo-kdb-yakyj-shpyguvav-za-peremishhennyam-syl-oborony-na-pivnochi-ukrayiny/
15 years in prison received a Russian agent who was spying on the positions of air defense and checkpoints
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/15-rokiv-tyurmy-otrymav-rosijskyj-agent-yakyj-shpyguvav-za-pozycziyamy-ppo-ta-blokpostiv/
The existing exchange fund is enough to release our prisoners - coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/02/nayavnogo-obminnogo-fondu-dostatno-shhob-zvilnyaty-nashyh-polonenyh-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
The first weekends will be warm, on Saturday somewhere raining
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717442-persi-vihidni-lita-budut-teplimi-u-subotu-podekudi-projdut-dosi.html
Reznikov discussed with the Minister of Defense of Germany further steps of military cooperation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717668-reznikov-obgovoriv-z-ministrom-oboroni-frn-podalsi-kroki-vijskovoi-spivpraci.html
For the war against Ukraine responsible 100% of the population of Russia - Yermak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3717667-za-vijnu-proti-ukraini-vidpovidalni-100-naselenna-rosii-ermak.html
The first weekends will be warm, on Saturday somewhere raining
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3717442-persi-vihidni-lita-budut-teplimi-u-subotu-podekudi-projdut-dosi.html

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====