乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-07-15

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

The decision of the ECtHR in the case of Russia against Ukraine will be written - Sokorenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735982-risenna-espl-u-spravi-rosia-proti-ukraini-bude-pismovim-sokorenko.html
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Stravka, Krasne First, Novomlinsk, two -year -old, with ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5358
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske, Ver...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5359
JSC Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Time Yar, Alexander-Shultine, Diliii ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5360
At Avdiyivka direction Russian army shelled Berdychi, Stepove and Avdiyivka of Donetsk region...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5361
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Krasnohorivka, Maryinka and Heorhiyivka of Donetsk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5362
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian Army Shelled Paraskovivka, Novomikhailivka, Novoukrainka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5363
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Novodarivka, Malynivka, Huliaipol...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5364
In Canada, a temporary migration program is expired for Ukrainians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735938-u-kanadi-splivae-termin-dii-timcasovoi-migracijnoi-programi-dla-ukrainciv.html
Destruction in Kryvyi Rih after Russian drone attack overnight
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/56284
Ukrainian air defense shot down 16 of 17 Shahed drones
https://t.me/kpszsu/3276
Damage in Velykomykailivka community as result of Russian shelling
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/56293
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Kamin of Chernihiv region...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5357
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5365
President Zelensky held meeting of military command on military situation and production of m...
https://t.me/V_Zelenskiy_official/6975
PMC Wagner fighters are training Belarusian territorial defense forces near Asipovichy, - Min...
https://t.me/bbbreaking/160609
The command of the Black Sea Fleet issued a warning to seamen about the danger of mines on th...
https://t.me/rusbrief/136313
The priority of Spain's presidency in the EU Council will be comprehensive support of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/priorytetom-golovuvannya-ispaniyi-v-radi-yes-stane-vsebichna-pidtrymka-ukrayiny/
About 30 combat clashes took place in Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/na-donechchyni-vidbulos-blyzko-30-bojovyh-zitknen-2/
At night the Ukrainian military destroyed 16 "Shahmed" and one reconnaissance UAV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/unochi-ukrayinski-vijskovi-znyshhyly-16-shahediv-ta-odyn-rozviduvalnyj-bpla/
Two more children from the temporarily occupied territory were returned to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/do-ukrayiny-povernuly-shhe-dvoh-ditej-iz-tymchasovo-okupovanoyi-terytoriyi/
During the night attack in Ukraine, the enemy used 17 drones-Kamikadze
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/pid-chas-nichnoyi-ataky-po-ukrayini-vorog-zastosuvav-17-droniv-kamikadze/
Air defense is active in Mykolaiv region
https://t.me/truexanewsua/76803
There are clear arrangements with some countries on the supply of F-16 and training of Ukrainian pilots-Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/ye-chitki-domovlenosti-z-deyakymy-krayinamy-pro-postachannya-f-16-ta-navchannya-ukrayinskyh-pilotiv-yurij-ignat/
Air defense was active in Zaporizhzhia and more drones active in the area
https://t.me/dniprorudne_ukraine/3178
In Ukraine, large -scale air alarm - could take off
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3732963-ukrainou-siritsa-povitrana-trivoga-v-rosii-zletiv-mig.html
Parliament has passed a law to protect children's property rights
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735913-parlament-uhvaliv-zakon-sodo-zahistu-prava-vlasnosti-ditej.html
In Sumy region, the tractor driver exploded on a mini
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3735914-na-sumsini-traktorist-pidirvavsa-na-mini.html
Chernobyl NPP will receive additional € 2.6 million from the EBRD
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735915-cornobilska-aes-otrimae-dodatkovi-26-miljona-vid-ebrr.html
"Dawn" will play home football European Cup matches in Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735918-zora-gratime-domasni-matci-futbolnih-evrokubkiv-u-polsi.html
The Government this year has directed 900 million for bomb shelters in schools
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735920-urad-cogoric-spramuvav-900-miljoniv-na-oblastuvanna-bomboshovis-u-skolah.html
SBU counterintelligence destroyed four BMPs and three tanks of Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735923-kontrrozvidniki-sbu-znisili-cotiri-bmp-ta-tri-tanki-rosian.html
The government has released the Secretary of State of the Ministry of Justice
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735924-urad-zvilniv-derzsekretara-minustu.html
The liquidation fund is offered to allocate ₴ 5.15 billion to recover nearly 140 objects
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3735927-z-fondu-likvidacii-proponuut-vidiliti-515-milarda-na-vidnovlenna-majze-140-obektiv.html
In action will start a service to provide four types of social assistance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3735928-u-dii-zapustat-servis-iz-nadanna-cotiroh-vidiv-socdopomogi.html
The futsal season will start on August 17 by the Super Cup of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735930-futzalnij-sezon-rozpocnetsa-17-serpna-matcem-za-superkubok-ukraini.html
The Government has approved the Telemedicine Development Strategy by 2025
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735931-urad-shvaliv-strategiu-rozbudovi-telemedicini-do-2025-roku.html
In the south the offensive continues, the defense forces are fixed on the busy borders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735934-na-pivdni-trivae-nastup-sili-oboroni-zakripluutsa-na-zajnatih-rubezah.html
Erdogan says Putin "shares thought" on the continuation of the grain agreement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735936-erdogan-kaze-so-putin-podilae-dumku-sodo-prodovzenna-zernovoi-ugodi.html
GUR has sources in Putin's close to Putin - Budanov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735937-gur-mae-dzerela-u-najblizcih-do-putina-kabinetah-budanov.html
The Government has approved the order of formation of a pool of privatization objects
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735940-urad-zatverdiv-poradok-formuvanna-pulu-obektiv-privatizacii.html
French Ambassador presented Zabuzhko and Sentsov's award - the Order of Honorary Legion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3735947-posol-francii-vruciv-zabuzko-i-sencovu-najvisu-francuzku-nagorodu-orden-pocesnogo-legionu.html
Pyrotechnics per day were neutralized over 380 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/pirotehniky-za-dobu-zneshkodyly-ponad-380-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
Every success of each of our combat brigade deserves gratitude - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735950-kozen-uspih-koznoi-nasoi-bojovoi-brigadi-zaslugovue-na-vdacnist-zelenskij.html
In Belarus "Wagnerivtsi" train a terroboron
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735948-u-bilorusi-vagnerivcitrenuut-teroboronu.html
Grain initiative should be extended for food security - Blinken
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735954-zernova-iniciativa-mae-buti-rozsirena-zadla-prodovolcoi-bezpeki-blinken.html
There are no large -scale threats from Belarus today - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735956-masstabnih-zagroz-z-boku-bilorusi-na-sogodni-nemae-prezident.html
Azovstali's defense commanders were returned to Ukraine when such an opportunity appeared - Yermak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735953-komandiriv-oboroni-azovstali-povernuli-do-ukraini-koli-zavilas-taka-mozlivist-ermak.html
Zelensky declared the preparation of new NSDC decisions on sanctions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735957-zelenskij-zaaviv-pro-pidgotovku-novih-risen-rnbo-sodo-sankcij.html
Serbia suspends weapon exports for 30 days
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3735961-serbia-prizupinae-eksport-zbroi-na-30-dniv.html
The National Bank puts new banknotes with a face value of 1000 UAH
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735965-nacbank-vvodit-u-obig-novi-banknoti-nominalom-1000-griven.html
Spaniard Alaras became a rival Serb Dzhokovich in the Wimbledon-2023 finals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735966-ispanec-alkaras-stav-supernikom-serba-dzokovica-u-finali-vimbldona2023.html
Kiev has allocated almost two billion to shelter, but the districts have mastered only 10% - Klitschko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3735967-kiiv-vidiliv-majze-dva-milardi-na-ukritta-ale-rajoni-osvoili-tilki-10-klicko.html
Sentsov after treatment of contusion returns to the front
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735964-sencov-pisla-likuvanna-kontuzii-povertaetsa-na-front.html
Tweet Zelensky about NATO was not an attempt at pressure on the participants of the summit - Yermak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735972-tvit-zelenskogo-pro-nato-ne-buv-sprobou-tisku-na-ucasnikiv-samitu-ermak.html
The Council simplified the process of managing apartment buildings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735974-rada-sprostila-proces-upravlinna-bagatokvartirnimi-budinkami.html
Air Force warn of the launch by the Shahheda Russians from southern direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735984-povitrani-sili-poperedzaut-pro-zapusk-rosianami-sahediv-z-pivdennogo-napramku.html
Sachko was unable to break through to the semi -finals of the ATP tournament in Romania
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735986-sacko-ne-zmig-probitisa-do-pivfinalu-turniru-atp-u-rumunii.html
In Canada, a temporary migration program is expired for Ukrainians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735938-u-kanadi-splivae-termin-dii-timcasovoi-migracijnoi-programi-dla-ukrainciv.html
The Russians were fired at Sumy 18 times a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735987-rosiani-18-raziv-obstrilali-sumsinu.html
The MEPUPATES have approved plans to increase the number of ammunition for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/yevrodeputaty-shvalyly-plany-shhodo-zbilshennya-kilkosti-boyeprypasiv-dlya-ukrayiny/
The court took the custody
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735990-sud-uzav-pid-vartu-mitropolita-upc-mp-pavla-zmi.html
Ukraine beats for goals in Russia's weapons of its own - Zaluzhny
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735991-ukraina-be-po-cilah-u-rosii-zbroeu-vlasnogo-virobnictva-zaluznij.html
Zinchenko continues to recover after injury
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3735992-zincenko-prodovzue-vidnovluvatisa-pisla-travmi.html
Grain yields this year will be reduced by no more than 5% - Ministry of Agrarian Policy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3735988-urozajnist-zernovih-cogoric-znizitsa-ne-bils-ak-na-5-minagropolitiki.html
The Russian Federation tries to create a world where not only freedom but also a person is Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3735995-rf-namagaetsa-stvoriti-svit-de-ne-mae-znacenna-ne-tilki-svoboda-a-j-ludina-zelenskij.html
Zaluzhny about Crimea's de -occupation: When possible, no one will stop me
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3735994-zaluznij-pro-deokupaciu-krimu-koli-zavitsa-mozlivist-mene-nihto-ne-zupinit.html
The National Police began to transmit Interpol data about collaborators who fled to Europe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3735997-nacpolicia-pocala-peredavati-interpolu-dani-pro-kolaborantiv-aki-vtekli-do-evropi.html
Ukraine will not sign any documents from the Russian Federation when purchasing reactors in Bulgaria - Energoatom
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3736002-ukraina-ne-pidpisuvatime-zodnih-dokumentiv-z-rf-pri-zakupivli-reaktoriv-u-bolgarii-energoatom.html
In Canada, a temporary migration program is expired for Ukrainians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735938-u-kanadi-splivae-termin-dii-timcasovoi-migracijnoi-programi-dla-ukrainciv.html
Ukrainian Basketball "Youth" came out to the semifinals of Euro-2023, beating the Netherlands
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3736003-ukrainska-basketbolna-molodizka-vijsla-do-pivfinalu-evro2023-obigravsi-niderlandi.html
Ukraine's defense forces continue to keep the initiative - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/syly-oborony-ukrayiny-prodovzhuyut-utrymuvaty-inicziatyvu-sergij-cherevatyj/
The Ministry of Defense revives Ukrainian traditional historical heraldry
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/minoborony-vidrodzhuye-ukrayinsku-tradyczijnu-istorychnu-geraldyku/
Nearly 3.5 thousand soldiers have undergone rehabilitation at the Kharkiv Recovery Center: assistance is provided to families
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/majzhe-35-tysyachi-vijskovyh-projshly-reabilitacziyu-v-harkivskomu-czentri-vidnovlennya-dopomogu-nadayut-i-rodynam/
Andriy Kostin discussed with the Ambassador of Spain to Ukraine expert support in investigating war crimes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/andrij-kostin-obgovoryv-z-poslom-ispaniyi-v-ukrayini-ekspertnu-pidtrymku-u-rozsliduvanni-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
The enemy continues the practice of artificial migration of Ukrainians in temporarily occupied territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/vorog-prodovzhuye-praktyku-shtuchnogo-pereselennya-ukrayincziv-na-tymchasovo-okupovanyh-terytoriyah/
Safety and defense forces have information about the enemy's activity in the Sumy direction - Sergey Naev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/syly-bezpeky-ta-oborony-volodiyut-informacziyeyu-shhodo-diyalnosti-voroga-na-sumskomu-napryamku-sergij-nayev/
Representatives of the Ministry of Defense, together with law enforcement agencies, continue checking all CCCs and JV - Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/predstavnyky-minoborony-razom-z-pravoohoronnymy-organamy-prodovzhuyut-perevirku-usih-tczk-ta-sp-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
Over the past day, Rosarmia fired at Chernihiv and Sumy 16 times
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/za-mynulu-dobu-rosarmiya-16-raziv-obstrilyala-chernigivshhynu-ta-sumshhynu/
The assault group of the Kara-Dag NSU team with the support of tanks advanced over 1,700 meters-Mykola Urshalovich
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/shturmovi-grupy-brygady-ngu-kara-dag-za-pidtrymky-tankiv-prosunulysya-na-ponad-1-700-metriv-mykola-urshalovych/
Vinnytsia Tragedy: Anniversary of the Bloody Military Crime
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/vinnyczka-tragediya-richnyczya-kryvavogo-voyennogo-zlochynu-rashystiv/
The second wave of receiving applications from candidates for veterans assistants will start July 15
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/druga-hvylya-pryjomu-zayav-vid-kandydativ-u-pomichnyky-veteraniv-startuye-15-lypnya/
The consequences of a night attack by hostile drones-Kamikadze: at least one person is injured, the municipal enterprise is damaged
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/naslidky-nichnoyi-ataky-vorozhymy-dronamy-kamikadze-shhonajmenshe-odna-lyudyna-poranena-poshkodzheno-komunalne-pidpryyemstvo/
Children of dead soldiers will receive a prestigious education for grant funds
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/dity-zagyblyh-voyiniv-zdobuvatymut-prestyzhnu-osvitu-za-grantovi-koshty/
“How are you?”: How to hold constructively - the advice of psychologists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/ty-yak-yak-trymatysya-konstruktyvno-porady-psyhologiv/
Land troops showed how our UAV operators work skillfully
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/suhoputni-vijska-pokazaly-yak-vpravno-praczyuyut-nashi-operatory-bpla/
Spain will hand over the mobile hospital and medical cars to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/ispaniya-peredast-mobilnyj-shpytal-ta-medychni-avto-ukrayinskym-zahysnykam/
President - on the rate: the state has good results in increasing its own UAV production
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/prezydent-na-stavczi-derzhava-maye-horoshi-rezultaty-z-naroshhuvannya-vlasnogo-vyrobnycztva-bpla/
574 million hryvnias will be allocated to complete the construction of the Holodomor Museum
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/dlya-zavershennya-budivnycztva-muzeyu-golodomoru-bude-vydileno-574-mln-gryven/
NSU sappers neutralized 142 explosive objects
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/sapery-ngu-zneshkodyly-142-vybuhonebezpechni-predmety/
Defense forces struck two enemy ammunition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/syly-oborony-urazyly-2-sklady-boyeprypasiv-voroga/
During counter -pride -acting measures, the National Guard detained 34 people - Mykola Urshalovich
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/pid-chas-kontrdyversijnyh-zahodiv-naczgvardijczi-zatrymaly-34-osib-mykola-urshalovych/
Defense forces per day destroyed more than half a thousand invaders, 9 BBM and 24 Artsystem
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/syly-oborony-za-dobu-znyshhyly-shhe-ponad-piv-tysyachi-okupantiv-9-bbm-ta-24-artsystemy/
From now on the Day of Defenders and Defenders of Ukraine will celebrate October 1
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/vidteper-v-ukrayini-svyatkuvatymut-rizdvo-25-grudnya-zheleznyak/
Northern Europe countries have joined the Declaration of the Great Seven countries to support Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/krayiny-pivnichnoyi-yevropy-pryyednalysya-do-deklaracziyi-krayin-velykoyi-simky-shhodo-pidtrymky-ukrayiny/
NSU artillerymen neutralized half a hundred enemy soldiers, destroyed "Cornflower", "Rapir" and D-30-Mykola Urshalovich
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/artylerysty-ngu-zneshkodyly-piv-sotni-vorozhyh-voyakiv-znyshhyly-voloshku-rapiru-ta-d-30-mykola-urshalovych/
Against the background of a powerful thunderstorm over the Black Sea, the enemy made a few waves of launches of drones-Kamikadze
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/na-foni-potuzhnoyi-grozy-nad-chornym-morem-vorog-zdijsnyv-kilka-hvyl-zapuskiv-droniv-kamikadze/
More than 17,000 crimes against the National Security of Ukraine - the Office of Prosecutor General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/zadokumentovano-ponad-17-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-naczbezpeky-ukrayiny-ofis-genprokurora/
Sergey Naev noted the departmental honors of the military who serve on the border with Russia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/sergij-nayev-vidznachyv-vidomchymy-vidznakamy-vijskovyh-yaki-nesut-sluzhbu-na-kordoni-z-rosiyeyu/
Ukraine's defense forces continue to conduct an offensive operation in the Tavriya direction - Valery Shershn
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/syly-oborony-ukrayiny-prodovzhuyut-vedennya-nastupalnoyi-operacziyi-na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-valerij-shershen/
Ukrainian military Litlpoluskrbrig are learning to make decisions in the courses of staff officers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/ukrayinski-vijskovi-lytpolukrbrygu-navchayutsya-uhvalyuvaty-rishennya-na-kursah-shtabnyh-oficzeriv/
"Hawk Eyes": In the capital presented an innovative unit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/ochi-yastruba-u-stolyczi-prezentuvaly-innovaczijnyj-pidrozdil-aerorozvidky-syl-tro/
Briefing "Participation of the National Guard in Removal of Armed Aggression of the Russian Federation against Ukraine"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/bryfing-uchast-naczgvardiyi-u-vidsichi-zbrojnoyi-agresiyi-rf-proty-ukrayiny/
Vinnitsa honored the memory of the dead during last year's rocket stroke in the city
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/foto-u-vinnyczi-vshanuvaly-pamyat-zagyblyh-pid-chas-mynulorichnogo-raketnogo-udaru-po-mistu/
Briefing "Grants for Training for Children of Killed Warriors, Servicemen and IDPs"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/bryfing-granty-na-navchannya-dlya-ditej-zagyblyh-voyiniv-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-i-vpo/
Ukraine and the European Union strengthen cooperation in the fight against cybergression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/ukrayina-ta-yevropejskyj-soyuz-zmicznyuyut-spivpraczyu-v-borotbi-z-kiberagresiyeyu/
Up to 15 years in prison threatens the inhabitant of Dopropilly, who informed the enemy about the movement of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/do-15-rokiv-tyurmy-zagrozhuye-meshkanczyu-dopropillya-yakyj-povidomlyav-vorogu-pro-peresuvannya-zsu/
A meeting with the families of prisoners and missing soldiers of the Brigade named after the Black Cossacks was held on the coordination
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/u-koordshtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodynamy-polonenyh-i-znyklyh-bezvisty-voyiniv-brygady-imeni-chornyh-zaporozhcziv/
Defense forces in a week neutralized nearly 4,000 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/syly-oborony-za-tyzhden-zneshkodyly-majzhe-4-tysyachi-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
Ukraine will always be grateful to everyone and everyone who fights for her - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/ukrayina-zavzhdy-bude-vdyachnoyu-kozhnomu-i-kozhnij-hto-b%ca%bcyetsya-za-neyi-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Denmark has handed over to Ukraine a batch of drones for demining
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/daniya-peredala-ukrayini-partiyu-droniv-dlya-rozminuvannya/
Ukraine has returned the bodies of 62 more fallen defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/ukrayina-povernula-tila-shhe-62-poleglyh-zahysnykiv/
The highest award of France is marked by two prominent Ukrainians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/najvyshhoyu-nagorodoyu-francziyi-vidznacheno-dvoh-vydatnyh-ukrayincziv/
Ukrainian military demonstrate skills in the destruction of Russian art - Petro Chernik
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/ukrayinski-vijskovi-demonstruyut-majsternist-u-znyshhenni-rosijskoyi-arty-petro-chernyk/
The 30th OMB was recognized as the best military doctor of Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/medyka-30-yi-ombr-vyznaly-najkrashhym-vijskovym-likarem-kyyeva/
Petro Chernyk: "The enemy realizes that you will have to leave the Southern bridgehead"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/petro-chernyk-protyvnyk-usvidomlyuye-shho-pryjdetsya-zalyshyty-pivdennyj-placzdarm/
The destruction of the Kakhovsky Dam is a real catastrophe-American hydrologist Peter Galek
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/rujnuvannya-kahovskoyi-damby-ye-spravzhnoyu-katastrofoyu-amerykanskyj-vchenyj-gidrolog-piter-glejk/
During the day, Russia fired 120 settlements of Ukraine, among civilians are killed and injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/za-dobu-rosiya-obstrilyala-120-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-sered-czyvilnyh-ye-zagybli-ta-poraneni-2/
16 hostile "shahas" were destroyed per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/za-dobu-znyshheno-16-vorozhyh-shahediv/
NATO Eastern Flank Protection: US President has announced the mobilization of reserve forces to counteract Russian aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/zahyst-shidnogo-flangu-nato-prezydent-ssha-ogolosyv-mobilizacziyu-rezervnyh-syl-dlya-protydiyi-agresiyi-rf/
Alexei Reznikov awarded military personnel and civilian workers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/peredayu-vdyachnist-i-slova-pidtrymky-vid-partneriv-iz-samitu-u-vilnyusi-vy-nadyhayete-svit-oleksij-reznikov-nagorodyv-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-i-czyv/
Putin's "Putin's fan" was detained in the Carpathian region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/zatrymano-fanata-putina-na-prykarpatti/
Ukraine's defense forces continue offensive in Melitopol and Berdyansk directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/syly-oborony-ukrayiny-prodovzhuyut-nastup-na-melitopolskomu-ta-berdyanskomu-napryamkah/
10 years behind bars will conduct a Russian sabotage - collected intelligence for the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/10-rokiv-za-gratamy-provede-rosijskyj-dyversant-zbyrav-rozviddani-dlya-voroga/
Alexei Reznikov met with YES delegation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/ukrayinska-armiya-majbutnogo-pidsumky-samitu-nato-ta-pidgotovka-voyiniv-zsu-oleksij-reznikov-zustrivsya-z-delegacziyeyu-yes/
Fought against Ukraine on the side of the occupying troops of the Russian Federation - detained a resident of Crimea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/voyuvav-proty-ukrayiny-na-boczi-okupaczijnyh-vijsk-rf-zatrymano-zhytelya-krymu/
Anna Malyar: The military leadership of the aggressor country tries to create for the Kremlin "comforting" statistics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/ganna-malyar-vijskove-kerivnycztvo-krayiny-agresora-namagayetsya-stvoryty-dlya-kremlya-vtishnu-statystyku/
Brothers and relatives honored the memory of the dead heroes-pilots
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/pobratymy-ta-ridni-vshanuvaly-pamyat-zagyblyh-geroyiv-lotchykiv/
Naval forces showed the face of courageous Marines of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/vijskovo-morski-syly-pokazaly-oblychchya-muzhnih-morpihiv-zsu/
The absolute priority of the budget is security and defense - Denis Shmigal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/absolyutnym-priorytetom-byudzhetu-ye-bezpeka-ta-oborona-denys-shmygal/
The Cold Yar Festival will be held in Cherkasy region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/anons-na-cherkashhyni-vidbudetsya-festyval-neskorenoyi-nacziyi-holodnyj-yar/
Anna Malyar: We pay special attention to providing psychological assistance to the military and their families
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/ganna-malyar-osoblyvu-uvagu-prydilyayemo-nadannyu-psyhologichnoyi-dopomogy-vijskovym-ta-yih-rodynam/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 14 beats through the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-14-udariv-po-vorogu-2/
The Armed Forces of the Armed Forces completed their studies at the Vitovt Lithuanian Military Academy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/teroboronivczi-zsu-zavershyly-navchannya-u-lytovskij-vijskovij-akademiyi-imeni-vitovta/
The President of Ukraine has summed up the meeting meeting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/prezydent-ukrayiny-proviv-zasidannya-stavky/
Air Force warn of Shahmed's Launches from southern direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/povitryani-syly-poperedzhayut-pro-zapusk-shahediv-z-pivdennogo-napryamku/
In the Kherson region, 3 Russian lancet drones were destroyed by air defense forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/u-hersonskij-oblasti-sylamy-ppo-znyshheno-3-rosijski-bezpilotnyky-lanczet/
Masking T-90m did not help:
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/maskuvannya-t-90m-ne-dopomoglo-vijskovi-kontrrozvidnyky-palyat-okupantiv/
Short. War. Day 506. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/14/korotko-vijna-den-506-videodajdzhest/
37 settlements have been deactivated in Ukraine because of shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3736107-v-ukraini-znestrumleni-37-naselenih-punktiv-cerez-obstrili.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vilne Pole, Mala Tokmachka, Hulia...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5373
Putin wants to keep Wagner PEC but without Prigoine - isw
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3736102-putin-hoce-zberegti-pvk-vagner-ale-bez-prigozina-isw.html
Russian officers are dissatisfied with the management of the Defense and Army - British intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3736100-rosijski-oficeri-nevdovoleni-kerivnictvom-minoboroni-j-armii-britanska-rozvidka.html
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5374
Ukrainian Deflympians won two medals at Badminton Youth World Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3736098-ukrainski-deflimpijci-vigrali-dvi-medali-na-unackomu-cs-z-badmintonu.html
In Sudan, militarized forces of fast support seized 5,000 people - human rights defenders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3736097-u-sudani-voenizovani-sili-svidkoi-pidtrimki-zahopili-5-000-osib-pravozahisniki.html
Accused in the State Executive of Kotsab journalist for the first time came in touch in court
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3736096-obvinuvacenij-u-derzzradi-zurnalist-kocaba-vperse-vijsov-na-zvazok-u-sudi.html
Zavatskaya and Volodko will play in the selection of WTA tournaments in Palermo and Budapest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3736093-zavacka-ta-volodko-zigraut-u-vidbori-turniriv-wta-u-palermo-ta-budapesti.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
South Korea President arrived in Ukraine with an unannounced visit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3736089-prezident-pivdennoi-korei-pribuv-v-ukrainu-z-neogolosenim-vizitom.html
The Russians attacked nine regions of Ukraine a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3736088-rosiani-za-dobu-atakuvali-devat-oblastej-ukraini.html
Ronaldo got to the Guinness Book of Records by the amount of annual earnings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3736127-ronaldu-potrapiv-do-knigi-rekordiv-ginnesa-za-sumou-ricnogo-zarobitku.html
The Russians fired a village in Kharkiv region, a person was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3736123-rosiani-obstrilali-selo-na-harkivsini-zaginula-ludina.html
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Friendship, Vasukivka, Time Yar, Alexander-Shultine ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5369
Today the Ukrainian national team will play with northern Macedonia the semifinals euro
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3736121-sogodni-zbirna-ukraini-u20-zigrae-z-pivnicnou-makedonieu-pivfinal-evro.html
The Kharkiv Ova canceled the Certificate of Honor of the Theater Director, who went to St. Petersburg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3736119-harkivska-ova-anuluvala-pocesnu-gramotu-teatralnij-reziserci-aka-viihala-do-peterburga.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Berdyshi, Ceramics, Lastochkine, Avdiivka of Don ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5370
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian of the Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, Marinka, Victory And And Georgiyivka O ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5371
Ukrzaliznytsia launched an evacuation train from Sumy to Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3736114-ukrzaliznica-zapustila-evakuacijnij-potag-iz-sum-do-kieva.html
Oleg Shafarenko again headed the Kiev hockey team "Sokil"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3736113-oleg-safarenko-znovu-ocoliv-kiivsku-hokejnu-komandu-sokil.html
AT Shakhtarsk Directive Russian Army Welled Paraskoveevka, Novomikhailivka, Makarevka, new ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5372
In Lviv region, the deputy mayor and director of the utility were caught on a bribe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3736112-na-lvivsini-na-habari-pijmali-zastupnika-mera-ta-direktora-komunalnogo-pidpriemstva.html
South Korea President visited Bucha
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3736108-prezident-pivdennoi-korei-vidvidav-bucu.html
The strategy of implementation of the mental health program on the ground is already built - OP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3736016-strategia-vprovadzenna-programi-mentalnogo-zdorova-na-miscah-uze-vibuduvana-op.html
Estonia issued a smuggler who sent materials for MIC to Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3736005-estonia-vidala-statam-kontrabandista-akij-perepravlav-do-rosii-materiali-dla-vpk.html
The Minister of Justice of the Netherlands may head the VVD party after Rutte
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3736006-ministerka-usticii-niderlandiv-moze-ocoliti-partiu-vvd-pisla-rutte.html
In Kryvyi Rih, the extent of the destruction after the Shahaneda attack last night was specified
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3736008-u-krivomu-rozi-utocnili-masstabi-rujnuvan-pisla-ataki-sahediv-minuloi-noci.html
Ukrainian students won six medals at the International Mathematics Olympiad in Japan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3735857-ukrainski-skolari-zdobuli-sist-medalej-na-miznarodnij-olimpiadi-z-matematiki-v-aponii.html
In Zaporozhye explosions - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3736010-u-zaporizzi-prolunali-vibuhi-zmi.html
Air Force warn of the threat of ballistics in two areas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3736009-povitrani-sili-poperedzaut-pro-zagrozu-balistiki-u-dvoh-oblastah.html
Kied under Bakhmut journalist Arman Soldin posthumously awarded the highest Order of France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3736012-zagiblogo-pid-bahmutom-zurnalista-armana-soldina-posmertno-nagorodili-najvisim-ordenom-francii.html
The director and two actors of the non -state theater from Kharkiv left for St. Petersburg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3735989-reziser-i-dvoe-aktoriv-nederzavnogo-teatru-z-harkova-viihali-do-peterburga.html
Sweden's police allowed the Bible and Torah to protest shares
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3736007-policia-svecii-dozvolila-spaliti-bibliu-i-toru-na-akcii-protestu.html
For payments to displaced persons in July sent another 2.4 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3736013-na-viplati-pereselencam-u-lipni-spramuvali-se-24-milarda.html
1 person wounded as result of Russian attack in Zaporizhzhia overnight
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/56359
In Rivne for 10 years condemned the spy who gave himself to the volunteer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3736019-u-rivnomu-na-10-rokiv-zasudili-spiguna-akij-vidavav-sebe-za-volontera.html
Ukrainian air defense shot down 4 Shahed drone’s overnight
https://t.me/kpszsu/3302
NATO Summit in Vilnius: What partners promised Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3735794-samit-nato-u-vilnusi-so-partneri-poobicali-ukraini.html
Tornado damaged over a hundred homes in the Canadian capital
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3736020-tornado-poskodiv-ponad-sotnu-budinkiv-u-stolici-kanadi.html
Officials in the Netherlands were banned from installing AliExpress app on phones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3735809-posadovcam-u-niderlandah-zaboronili-vstanovluvati-na-telefoni-dodatok-aliexpress.html
Kiev is ready to buy hundreds of temporary shelters, but they still have no building standards - Klitschko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3736021-kiiv-gotovij-zakupiti-sotni-timcasovih-ukrittiv-ale-dosi-nemae-budivelnih-norm-klicko.html
Karim Han: I think the couple will do the right thing when Putin arrives at the Brix Summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3736026-karim-han-dumau-par-vcinit-pravilno-koli-putin-priide-na-samit-briks.html
In the occupied areas, invaders threaten deportation to Ukrainians without passports of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3735825-v-okupovanih-rajonah-zagarbniki-pogrozuut-deportacieu-ukraincam-bez-pasportiv-rf.html
1 person killed as result of shelling in Kolodiazne village of Kharkiv region
https://t.me/ukrinform_news/104833
President of South Korea is visiting Ukraine
https://t.me/Tsaplienko/35738
France will join the development of mental health centers in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3736028-francia-dolucitsa-do-rozbudovi-centriv-psihicnogo-zdorova-v-ukraini.html
Latvia sends 11 more car confiscated from drunk drivers to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3736035-latvia-vidpravlae-do-ukraini-se-11-avtivok-konfiskovanih-u-panih-vodiiv.html
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanshchyna directions Russian army shelled Karpovych, Kamin of Cher...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5366
At Bukovina a fortune teller and a lawyer, a criminal case was laid down $ 300,000 in a criminal case
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3736030-na-bukovini-vorozka-ta-advokat-vimanili-u-figuranta-kriminalnoi-spravi-300-tisac.html
On weekends in Ukraine there will be heat, places of thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3735701-na-vihidnih-v-ukraini-bude-speka-miscami-grozi.html
Germany is preparing for large -scale cyber defense exercises
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3736031-nimeccina-gotuetsa-do-masstabnih-navcan-z-kiberzahistu.html
The Armed Forces Aviation per day struck 13 strokes in the enemy's concentration areas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3736034-aviacia-zsu-za-dobu-zavdala-13-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzenna-voroga.html
The Russians in Melitopol were collected from Putin's pensioneters - mayor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3736024-rosiani-v-melitopoli-zibrali-z-pensionerok-zagin-putina-mer.html
Putushkin collects money in the US on a bath for the forefront
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3736038-ptuskin-zbirae-u-ssa-grosi-na-lazni-dla-peredovoi.html
Syrsky showed how Ukrainian fighters drowned destroyed enemy tanks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3736039-sirskij-pokazav-ak-ukrainski-bijci-dronami-znisili-vorozi-tanki.html
The Ministry of Defense told how the Armed Forces revive historical Ukrainian heraldry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3736023-u-minoboroni-rozpovili-ak-zsu-vidrodzuut-istoricnu-ukrainsku-geraldiku.html
Defense forces have already destroyed 237 180 Russian invaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3736045-sili-oboroni-znisili-vze-237-180-rosijskih-zagarbnikiv.html
The Russian army killed another inhabitant of Donetsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3736049-rosijska-armia-vbila-se-odnogo-zitela-doneccini.html
Summer refreshing soups from all over the world: delicious, fast and inexpensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3736051-litni-osvizauci-supi-z-usogo-svitu-smacno-svidko-i-nedorogo.html
In the Black and Azov Seas of the Russian Federation holds two rocket carriers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3736052-u-cornomu-ta-azovskomu-morah-rf-trimae-dva-raketonosii.html
The Russian army fired at Kherson region 70 times a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3736055-rosijska-armia-za-dobu-70-raziv-obstrilala-hersonsinu.html
In the Nikolaevshchina, three "shahas" were destroyed at night
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3736056-na-mikolaivsini-vnoci-znisili-tri-sahedi.html
Enemy UAVs at night attacked the outskirts of Zaporozhye, a wounded man
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3736058-vorozi-bpla-vnoci-atakuvali-okolici-zaporizza-poranenij-colovik.html
The memory of Sagittarius Andrei Chernitsky (Apostle Call sign)
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3734327-pamati-strilca-andria-cernickogo-pozivnij-apostol.html
In Zaporozhye in a week destroyed dozens of enemy groups - mayor of Melitopol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3736061-na-zaporizzi-za-tizden-znisili-desatki-ugrupovan-voroga-mer-melitopola.html
SLB oil service company completely stops supply to Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3736067-naftoservisna-kompania-slb-povnistu-pripinae-postavki-u-rosiu.html
In South Korea, showers led to the death of seven people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3736069-u-pivdennij-korei-zlivi-prizveli-do-zagibeli-simoh-ludej.html
The enemy fired in Sumy region in the morning, beforehand - without victims
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3736071-vorog-zranku-obstrilav-sumsinu-poperedno-bez-zertv.html
Air Force at night destroyed four "chess"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3736072-povitrani-sili-vnoci-znisili-cotiri-sahedi.html
During the day in the Bakhmut direction - 15 ammunition, the Russians fired at the position of defense forces 408 times
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3736075-za-dobu-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-15-boezitknen-rosiani-408-raziv-obstrilali-pozicii-sil-oboroni.html
The third round of the 3x3 basketball championship will be held in Khmelnitsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3736078-tretij-tur-cempionatu-ukraini-z-basketbolu-3h3-projde-u-hmelnickomu.html
UPL approved the dates and time of matches of the first round of the Ukrainian Football Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3736128-upl-zatverdila-dati-ta-cas-matciv-persogo-turu-cempionatu-ukraini-z-futbolu.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske, Ver...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5368
PFU told how to issue and receive a pension abroad
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3736082-u-pfu-rozpovili-ak-oformiti-ta-otrimuvati-pensiu-za-kordonom.html
NATO's next Summit will be victorious for Ukraine - Danilov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3736084-nastupnij-samit-nato-bude-dla-ukraini-peremoznim-danilov.html
Ukrainian made five block shots in the NBA Summer League match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3736087-ukrainec-zrobiv-pat-bloksotiv-u-matci-litnoi-ligi-nba.html
The Russians attacked nine regions of Ukraine a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3736088-rosiani-za-dobu-atakuvali-devat-oblastej-ukraini.html
South Korea President arrived in Ukraine with an unannounced visit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3736089-prezident-pivdennoi-korei-pribuv-v-ukrainu-z-neogolosenim-vizitom.html
Zavatskaya and Volodko will play in the selection of WTA tournaments in Palermo and Budapest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3736093-zavacka-ta-volodko-zigraut-u-vidbori-turniriv-wta-u-palermo-ta-budapesti.html
Accused in the State Executive of Kotsab journalist for the first time came in touch in court
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3736096-obvinuvacenij-u-derzzradi-zurnalist-kocaba-vperse-vijsov-na-zvazok-u-sudi.html
In Sudan, militarized forces of fast support seized 5,000 people - human rights defenders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3736097-u-sudani-voenizovani-sili-svidkoi-pidtrimki-zahopili-5-000-osib-pravozahisniki.html
Ukrainian Deflympians won two medals at Badminton Youth World Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3736098-ukrainski-deflimpijci-vigrali-dvi-medali-na-unackomu-cs-z-badmintonu.html
Russian officers are dissatisfied with the management of the Defense and Army - British intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3736100-rosijski-oficeri-nevdovoleni-kerivnictvom-minoboroni-j-armii-britanska-rozvidka.html
Putin wants to keep Wagner PEC but without Prigoine - isw
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3736102-putin-hoce-zberegti-pvk-vagner-ale-bez-prigozina-isw.html
37 settlements have been deactivated in Ukraine because of shelling
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3736107-v-ukraini-znestrumleni-37-naselenih-punktiv-cerez-obstrili.html
South Korea President visited Bucha
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3736108-prezident-pivdennoi-korei-vidvidav-bucu.html
In Lviv region, the deputy mayor and director of the utility were caught on a bribe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3736112-na-lvivsini-na-habari-pijmali-zastupnika-mera-ta-direktora-komunalnogo-pidpriemstva.html
Oleg Shafarenko again headed the Kiev hockey team "Sokil"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3736113-oleg-safarenko-znovu-ocoliv-kiivsku-hokejnu-komandu-sokil.html
Ukrzaliznytsia launched an evacuation train from Sumy to Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3736114-ukrzaliznica-zapustila-evakuacijnij-potag-iz-sum-do-kieva.html
The Kharkiv Ova canceled the Certificate of Honor of the Theater Director, who went to St. Petersburg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3736119-harkivska-ova-anuluvala-pocesnu-gramotu-teatralnij-reziserci-aka-viihala-do-peterburga.html
Today the Ukrainian national team will play with northern Macedonia the semifinals euro
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3736121-sogodni-zbirna-ukraini-u20-zigrae-z-pivnicnou-makedonieu-pivfinal-evro.html
The Russians fired a village in Kharkiv region, a person was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3736123-rosiani-obstrilali-selo-na-harkivsini-zaginula-ludina.html
Ronaldo got to the Guinness Book of Records by the amount of annual earnings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3736127-ronaldu-potrapiv-do-knigi-rekordiv-ginnesa-za-sumou-ricnogo-zarobitku.html
UPL approved the dates and time of matches of the first round of the Ukrainian Football Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3736128-upl-zatverdila-dati-ta-cas-matciv-persogo-turu-cempionatu-ukraini-z-futbolu.html
The US House of Representatives has agreed to a defense budget with $ 300 million for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3736134-palata-predstavnikiv-ssa-pogodila-oboronnij-budzet-iz-300-miljoniv-dla-ukraini.html
Latvian diplomat: Summit in Vilnius gave the basis for meeting in Washington
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3736135-latvijskij-diplomat-samit-u-vilnusi-dav-osnovu-dla-zustrici-u-vasingtoni.html
President of South Korea in Kiev honored the memory of the fallen Ukrainian soldiers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3736156-prezident-pivdennoi-korei-u-kievi-vsanuvav-pamat-zagiblih-ukrainskih-voiniv.html
The court arrested the Secretary -General of the Ukrainian Football Association
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3736140-sud-arestuvav-gensekretara-ukrainskoi-asociacii-futbolu.html
In the hostel of Vinnitsa university at night there was an explosion, there is a dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3736145-u-gurtozitku-vinnickogo-visu-vnoci-prolunav-vibuh-e-zagiblij.html
From the Desna River in Chernihiv, a Russian tank was pulled out
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3736141-z-ricki-desna-na-cernigivsini-vitagli-rosijskij-tank.html
In Kherson, the man tried to disassemble the ammunition on his own and died
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3736149-u-hersoni-colovik-namagavsa-samostijno-rozibrati-boepripas-ta-zaginuv.html
Pitchua+ Contest started receiving applications
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3736150-konkurs-pitchua-rozpocav-prijom-zaavok.html
Border guards fix the movement of Wagner groups to Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3736152-prikordonniki-fiksuut-peremisenna-grup-vagnerivciv-do-bilorusi.html
President of South Korea in Kiev honored the memory of the fallen Ukrainian soldiers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3736156-prezident-pivdennoi-korei-u-kievi-vsanuvav-pamat-zagiblih-ukrainskih-voiniv.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
The National Guards of Kharkiv region were handed over by 24 special trainees for tracking drones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3736159-nacgvardijcam-harkivsini-peredali-24-specprozektori-dla-vidstezenna-droniv.html
The US House of Representatives has agreed to a defense budget with $ 300 million for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3736134-palata-predstavnikiv-ssa-pogodila-oboronnij-budzet-iz-300-miljoniv-dla-ukraini.html
At Caurus Directory Russia Army Shellled Yardna, West, Kameanka, Shortka, Beresty, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5367
Latvian diplomat: Summit in Vilnius gave the basis for meeting in Washington
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3736135-latvijskij-diplomat-samit-u-vilnusi-dav-osnovu-dla-zustrici-u-vasingtoni.html
The court arrested the Secretary -General of the Ukrainian Football Association
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3736140-sud-arestuvav-gensekretara-ukrainskoi-asociacii-futbolu.html
In the hostel of Vinnitsa university at night there was an explosion, there is a dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3736145-u-gurtozitku-vinnickogo-visu-vnoci-prolunav-vibuh-e-zagiblij.html
The interception of the GUR of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine: "We are not ready, we will be ready"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/perehoplennya-gur-minoborony-ukrayiny-m%d1%8b-ne-gotov%d1%8b-u-nas-nechem-gotovytsya/
CPD: a selection of fakes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/fejk-posolstva-rf-u-ssha-zsu-ne-pochnut-dotrymuvatysya-bud-yakyh-obmezhen-pry-vybori-czilej/
The action portal is planned to launch a service for providing new types of social assistance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/na-portali-diya-planuyetsya-zapusk-servisu-z-nadannya-novyh-vydiv-soczialnoyi-dopomogy/
The Ministry of Internal Affairs published information about a single register of missing persons in special circumstances: what you need to know to obtain an extract
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/mvs-opublikuvalo-informacziyu-pro-yedynyj-reyestr-znyklyh-bezvisty-za-osoblyvyh-obstavyn-shho-potribno-znaty-dlya-otrymannya-vytyagu/
The Government Team of Response to the Computer Emergency of Ukraine warns on new cyberattacks of government agencies
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/uryadova-komanda-reaguvannya-na-kompyuterni-nadzvychajni-podiyi-ukrayiny-zasterigaye-shhodo-novyh-kiberatak-derzhorganiv/
From the Desna River in Chernihiv, a Russian tank was pulled out
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3736141-z-ricki-desna-na-cernigivsini-vitagli-rosijskij-tank.html
Border guards fix the movement of Wagner groups to Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3736152-prikordonniki-fiksuut-peremisenna-grup-vagnerivciv-do-bilorusi.html
Gur was intercepted by the conversation of the Russian soldier: in a state of affect his associate began to shoot on his own
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/gur-perehopylo-rozmovu-rosijskogo-voyaka-u-stani-psyhichnogo-afektu-jogo-poplichnyk-stav-strilyaty-po-svoyim/
Defense forces destroyed 16 of the 17 "Shahaned" - the morning construction of the General Staff of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/syly-oborony-znyshhyly-shistnadczyat-iz-simnadczyaty-shahediv-rankove-zvedennya-genshtabu-zsu/
During the day, the enemy made mortar and artillery shelling of 107 settlements
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/protyagom-doby-vorog-zdijsnyv-minometni-ta-artylerijski-obstrily-107-naselenyh-punktiv/
Defense forces per day destroyed nearly 600 invaders, 11 BBM and 14 Artisystems
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/syly-oborony-za-dobu-znyshhyly-shhe-ponad-piv-tysyachi-okupantiv-11-bbm-ta-14-artsystem/
33 units of military equipment of the enemy were destroyed in the Tavriya direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-znyshheno-33-odynyczi-vijskovoyi-tehniky-voroga/
Artificial intelligence can distinguish Russian ships in the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/shtuchnyj-intelekt-mozhe-rozriznyaty-rosijski-korabli-u-chornomu-mori/
In Kherson, the man tried to disassemble the ammunition on his own and died
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3736149-u-hersoni-colovik-namagavsa-samostijno-rozibrati-boepripas-ta-zaginuv.html
SES Pyrotechnics per day neutralized 260 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/pirotehniky-dsns-za-dobu-zneshkodyly-260-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
Another 2.4 billion hryvnias were targeted in July in July
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/na-vyplaty-vpo-u-lypni-spryamovano-shhe-24-mlrd-gryven/
In the south and east of the country, four shock drones of the enemy - the PSU of the Armed Forces were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/na-pivdni-ta-shodi-krayiny-znyshheno-chotyry-udarni-drony-voroga-ps-zsu/
We do not need to create Mossad, we already exist - Cyril Budanov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/nam-ne-treba-stvoryuvaty-mossad-u-nas-cze-vzhe-isnuye-%e2%80%95-kyrylo-budanov/
In the Bakhmut direction, the initiative for our defense forces on the southern and northern flank - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-inicziatyva-za-nashymy-sylamy-oborony-na-pivdennomu-ta-pivnichnomu-flangah-sergij-cherevatyj/
The offensive actions in the Melitopol and Berdyansk directions continue - the General Staff of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/nastupalni-diyi-na-melitopolskomu-ta-berdyanskomu-napryamkah-prodovzhuyutsya-syly-oborony-zakriplyuyutsya-na-dosyagnutyh-rubezhah-genshtab-zsu/
Already more than 80 thousand war crimes committed by Rushists are investigating the National Police investigators
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/uzhe-ponad-80-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv-skoyenyh-rashystamy-rozsliduyut-slidchi-naczpolicziyi/
July 15 in Ukraine celebrate Ukrainian Peacekeepers Day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/15-lypnya-v-ukrayini-vidznachayut-den-ukrayinskyh-myrotvorcziv/
Psychological restoration of military personnel and veterans should be among the priorities of the state
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/psyhologichne-vidnovlennya-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-i-veteraniv-maye-buty-sered-priorytetiv-derzhavy/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Pitchua+ Contest started receiving applications
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3736150-konkurs-pitchua-rozpocav-prijom-zaavok.html
Our defense in this war guarantees that more invaders will not come to Europe - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/nasha-oborona-u-czij-vijni-garantuye-shho-bilshe-v-yevropu-zagarbnyky-ne-pryjdut-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Defenders of South of Ukraine showed how the "Russian mopeds" were met in thunderstorm flying from the sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/zahysnyky-pivdnya-ukrayiny-pokazaly-yak-u-grozu-zustrichaly-rosijski-mopedy-shho-letily-z-morya/
The divers of the State Support Service were pulled out of the gums flooded Russian tank
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/vodolazy-derzhspecztranssluzhby-vytyagly-z-desny-zatoplenyj-rosijskyj-tank/
All released territories must be cleared of explosive objects - the head of the DSST
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/usi-zvilneni-terytoriyi-mayut-buty-ochyshheni-vid-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-golova-dsst/
Ukraine appreciates South Korea's support in the international arena
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/ukrayina-czinuye-pidtrymku-pivdennoyi-koreyi-na-mizhnarodnij-areni/
105 settlements were fired by Russians in the past day, there are victims among civilians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/105-naselenyh-punktiv-obstrilyaly-rosiyany-za-mynulu-dobu-ye-postrazhdali-sered-czyvilnyh/
Navy Navy fighters destroyed BMP, Dron Kamikadze and storage with enemy ammunition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/bijczi-vms-zsu-za-dobu-znyshhyly-bmp-dron-kamikadze-ta-shovyshhe-z-boyeprypasamy-protyvnyka/
Seven travelers from Luhansk region and 23 from Mariupol will go to court
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/sim-pravoohoroncziv-zradnykiv-z-luganshhyny-ta-23-z-mariupolya-pidut-pid-sud/
Damaged houses, combines, tractors: police Sumy region showed the consequences of shelling by Russian troops
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/15/poshkodzheni-budynky-kombajny-traktory-policzejski-sumshhyny-pokazaly-naslidky-obstriliv-vijskamy-rf/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====