乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-04-02

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(03:02). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/23506
Donetsk Oblast(08:30). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42379
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4389
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Novosilka of Donetsk re...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4388
JSC Shaktarske Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vodyane, Coal, Greater Novosilka, Krasnogors ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4387
At Avdiyivka and Maryinka directions Russian army shelled Stepove, Tonenke, Syeverne, Maryink...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4386
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarka, Grigory ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4385
Zaporizka Oblast, Donetsk Oblast(19:53). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cove...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42395
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(20:06). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42396
Odeska Oblast(20:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilneodesa/22157
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(20:28). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42398
Poltava region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region (03:01). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Su ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42407
Zaporizka Oblast(03:01). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/11815
"The Russian Federation should be responsible for aggression - as a primary crime" - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/rf-povynna-ponesty-vidpovidalnist-nasampered-za-agresiyu-yak-pervynnyj-zlochyn-ganna-malyar/
In Ukraine, almost a week will rain, in the afternoon from 0 to +15
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690576-v-ukraini-majze-tizden-dositime-vden-vid-0-do-15.html
The current President of Montenegro is inferior to the opponent in the second round of elections
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690726-cinnij-prezident-cornogorii-postupivsa-supernikovi-u-drugomu-turi-viboriv-zmi.html
At Caurus Directorate Russia Army Shellled Dinse, Cuttka, West, Masutka, Blue, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4391
Russian nuclear weapons will "push" to the western border of Belarus - Ambassador
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690724-rosijsku-adernu-zbrou-prisunut-do-zahidnogo-kordonu-bilorusi-posol-rf.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Novoselivske, Nevske, Dibrova, Bilohorivka of Luhansk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4392
Chelsea released Graham Potter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690723-celsi-zvilniv-grema-pottera.html
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarkove, Bakhmut ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4393
The UN Security Council needs reform - Czech Foreign Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690721-rada-bezpeki-oon-potrebue-reformuvanna-glava-mzs-cehii.html
JSC Avdiivka Andevka Directioz Rusyan Army Shelled Steppe, Avdiivka, Orlovka, Tonenko ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4394
The Russians during the day fired four communities of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690716-rosiani-protagom-dobi-obstrilali-cotiri-gromadi-sumsini.html
JSC Shaktarske Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vage, Novomikhailivka, Village, Great Novus ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4395
Mindrifra will attract an APPL to the post -war census
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3690715-mincifri-zalucit-apple-do-povoennogo-perepisu-naselenna.html
The mayor of Khmelnitsky showed the first prayer in Ukrainian in the Pokrovsky Cathedral
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690713-mer-hmelnickogo-pokazav-persu-molitvu-ukrainskou-u-pokrovskomu-kafedralnomu-sobori.html
APL: Newcastle won Manchester United and climbed into the LC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690711-apl-nukasl-peremig-mancester-unajted-i-pidnavsa-v-zonu-lc.html
China brought out a satellite with a new rocket carrier
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3690707-kitaj-viviv-na-orbitu-suputnik-za-dopomogou-novoi-raketinosia.html
The bomb was laid in a gift by Tatar gilded bust
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690708-bombu-zaklali-u-podarovanij-voenkoru-tatarskomu-pozolocenij-bust.html
Russia can change the higher military leadership due to a failed winter offensive - isw
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690706-rosia-moze-zminiti-vise-vijskove-kerivnictvo-cerez-nevdalij-zimovij-nastup-isw.html
Next week will be important on the way to victory - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3690705-nastupnij-tizden-bude-vazlivim-na-slahu-do-peremogi-prezident.html
In Khmelnitsky, he was voted for the transition of the Cathedral of the UOC -MP to the PCCU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690702-u-hmelnickomu-progolosuvali-za-perehid-kafedralnogo-soboru-upc-mp-do-pcu.html
Shakhda is trying to avoid air defense, so they need to be knocked down from machine guns - Naev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690699-sahedi-namagautsa-uniknuti-ppo-tomu-ih-treba-zbivati-z-kulemetiv-naev.html
Rashism should go through a complete defeat - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690698-rasizm-povinen-projti-cerez-povnu-porazku-zelenskij.html
Lila Lila: Real Mislearies "Validolid"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690696-la-lila-real-rozgromiv-valadolid.html
"Nothing left from the mouth": the invader told about the successful operation of the Armed Forces - intercepting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690692-vid-roti-nicogo-ne-lisilosa-zagarbnik-rozpoviv-pro-vdalu-operaciu-zsu-perehoplenna.html
In St. Petersburg there was an explosion in the cafe of Prigogine, the Tatarsky "War" was killed - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690689-u-peterburzi-stavsa-vibuh-u-kafe-prigozina-zaginuv-voenkor-tatarskij.html
In Khmelnitsky there were clashes near the temple of the UOC -MP, where they beat the military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690687-u-hmelnickomu-pocalisa-suticki-bila-hramu-de-pobili-vijskovogo-zmi.html
The occupiers have big problems with a set of Crimeans for spring "call" - Chubarov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3690682-v-okupantiv-veliki-problemi-z-naborom-krimcan-dla-vesnanogo-prizovu-cubarov.html
Ukrainian Bubir won Bronze on Grand Slam with Judo in Turkey
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690680-ukrainec-bubir-zdobuv-bronzu-na-grand-slam-iz-dzudo-v-tureccini.html
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck eight blows on Russian invaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690679-aviacia-sil-oboroni-za-dobu-zavdala-visim-udariv-po-rosijskih-zagarbnikah.html
Painter - about Bakhmut: the enemy tries not only to "Wagner" but also the paratroopers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690678-malar-pro-bahmut-vorog-namagaetsa-zadiati-ne-lise-vagnerivciv-a-j-desantnikiv.html
Journalists noticed Novinsky in Zurich - served in the Russian Church
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690676-zurnalisti-pomitili-novinskogo-u-curihu-proviv-sluzbu-v-rosijskij-cerkvi.html
Ukraine demands from Russia to return 4 396 orphans who were illegally taken out
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690663-ukraina-vimagae-vid-rosii-povernuti-4-396-ditejsirit-akih-nezakonno-vivezli.html
In the UOC MP declare the assault of the cathedral where they beat the military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690671-v-upc-zaavlaut-pro-sturm-soboru-de-vranci-stavsa-incident-z-pobittam-vijskovogo.html
In Russia, the suspect was detained in the murder of Tatarsky War - Media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690729-u-rosii-zatrimali-pidozruvanu-u-vbivstvi-voenkora-tatarskogo-zmi.html
Pope blessed the caravan of peace that went to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690661-papa-rimskij-blagosloviv-karavan-miru-akij-virusiv-v-ukrainu.html
Dnipro-1 defeated Metalist-1925 in UPL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690623-dnipro1-rozgromiv-metalist1925-v-upl.html
Dovbik and Grigorchuk are the best in the 19th round of UPL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690728-dovbik-ta-grigorcuk-najkrasi-u-19mu-turi-upl.html
Donetsk Oblast(08:36). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42419
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(09:11). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/14041
Proceed district, Harciw, Harkiv region (09:12). Red Alert: Aerial Threat. Siren Sundin ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42423
Kherson, Kherson region, Poltava region (09:14). Red Alert: Aerial Threat. Siren Sundin ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42426
Sumska Oblast(09:14). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42427
Donetsk Oblast(10:32). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42435
Missile strikes reported in Kostiantynivka
https://t.me/novosti_donbass24/44562
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Karpovychi and Bronyvy of...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4390
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4397
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled  Olhivske, Poltavka, Svyatopetriv...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4396
6 people killed, 8 wounded as result of Russian shelling in Kostiantynivka this morning
https://t.me/suspilnenews/19673
Donetsk Oblast(13:35). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42438
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region (13:38). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42440
Several explosions at Russian base in Melitopol this morning
https://t.me/ukrinform_news/95361
The Russians wounded five residents of Donetsk region a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690463-rosiani-za-dobu-poranili-patoh-ziteliv-doneccini.html
Defense forces destroyed 174 550 military Russian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690466-sili-oboroni-znisili-vze-174-550-vijskovih-rf.html
Russia brought three rocket torants into the Black Sea, a total volley - 20 "calibers"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690469-rosia-vivela-u-corne-more-tri-raketonosii-zagalnij-zalp-20-kalibriv.html
Zaporizka Oblast(14:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42445
The Russian army attacked the Kherson region for a day, there is a dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690471-rosijska-armia-za-dobu-60-raziv-atakuvala-hersonsinu-e-zagiblij.html
Donetsk Oblast(14:34). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42446
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(14:45). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42447
In China, an implant battery has been developed that helps kill tumor cells
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3690476-u-kitai-rozrobili-batareuimplant-aka-dopomagae-vbivati-puhlinni-klitini.html
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(14:45). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/23528
Poltavska Oblast(14:46). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42449
The final matches of the 19th round of the Football Premier League of Ukraine will take place today
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690475-sogodni-vidbudutsa-zaklucni-matci-19go-turu-futbolnoi-premerligi-ukraini.html
The Kremlin has not reached the set goals in Ukraine by the end of March - isw
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690479-kreml-ne-dosag-postavlenih-cilej-v-ukraini-do-kinca-berezna-isw.html
The memory of the historian, museum and grenade launcher Pavel Zalutsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3686351-pamati-istorika-muzejnika-ta-granatometnika-pavla-zaluckogo.html
Bulgaria is held five in two years parliamentary elections
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690480-u-bolgarii-prohodat-pati-za-dva-roki-parlamentski-vibori.html
The enemy fired 14 settlements of Kharkiv region in a day, is dead and wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690484-vorog-za-dobu-obstrilav-14-naselenih-punktiv-harkivsini-e-zagiblij-i-poranenij.html
NSDC Secretary proposed 12 steps in Crimea's de -occupation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3690486-sekretar-rnbo-zaproponuvav-12-krokiv-deokupacii-krimu.html
Al-Ain Yarmolenko and Rebrova played a draw with the leader of the UAE championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690487-alajn-armolenka-ta-rebrova-zigrav-vniciu-z-liderom-persosti-oae.html
In Armenia after ratification of the Roman Statute stated that they would not delay Putin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690491-u-virmenii-pisla-ratifikacii-rimskogo-statutu-zaavili-so-ne-budut-zatrimuvati-putina.html
Turkey has completed the Ratification process of Finland's accession to NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690493-tureccina-zaversila-proces-ratifikacii-vstupu-finlandii-v-nato.html
The Ukrainian Boxing team won the team test at the International Tournament in Lithuania
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690495-zbirna-ukraini-z-boksu-vigrala-komandnij-zalik-na-miznarodnomu-turniri-u-litvi.html
The European Union will oppose Russia's abuse during the presidency in the UN -BORREL Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690498-evrosouz-vistupatime-proti-zlovzivan-rosii-pid-cas-golovuvanna-v-radbezi-oon-borrel.html
In the Nikopol district, air alarm lasted almost 12 hours
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690499-u-nikopolskomu-rajoni-povitrana-trivoga-trivala-majze-12-godin.html
Lavrov and Blinken had a phone call
https://t.me/rian_ru/198664
In occupied Melitopol, explosions in the locomotive depot are heard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690497-u-melitopoli-progrimiv-vibuh.html
Turkish drone AKINCI with Ukrainian engine struck the target at a distance of 140 kilometers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3690503-tureckij-bezpilotnik-akinci-z-ukrainskim-dvigunom-uraziv-cil-na-vidstani-140-kilometriv.html
In the Donetsk direction the enemy retreated from some positions - the forces of defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690508-na-doneckomu-napramku-vorog-vidstupiv-iz-deakih-pozicij-sili-oboroni.html
During the day, the enemy fired at 7 regions of Ukraine, four dead, 15 wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690510-za-dobu-vorog-obstrilav-7-oblastej-ukraini-4-ludini-zaginuli-15-poraneni.html
Drilling is one of the main causes of non -combat losses in Russians - British intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690513-piactvo-e-odnieu-z-osnovnih-pricin-nebojovih-vtrat-u-rosian-britanska-rozvidka.html
In Finland, parliamentary elections have begun
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690512-u-finlandii-rozpocalisa-parlamentski-vibori.html
Ukrenergo abolished restriction of electricity consumption in three areas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690511-ukrenergo-skasuvalo-obmezenna-spozivanna-elektriki-u-troh-oblastah.html
In Kharkiv, a man exploded on a stretch
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690516-na-harkivsini-colovik-pidirvavsa-na-roztazci.html
Aviation, Grads, Artillery and mortars: under fire in Donetsk - nine settlements
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690517-aviacia-gradi-artileria-i-minometi-pid-obstrilami-na-doneccini-devat-naselenih-punktiv.html
Protest in Khmelnitsky after employees of Moscow Orthodox Church have beaten a soldier at the...
https://t.me/hromadske_ua/31131
Listen to Ukrainian: 7 audio historium for children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3689849-sluhajte-ukrainskou-7-audioistorij-dla-ditej.html
Paratroopers destroyed the Russian unit and took their fighting positions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690519-desantniki-znisili-pidrozdil-rosian-ta-zajnali-ihni-bojovi-pozicii.html
Formula-1: Ferstapppen won the Australia Grand Prix
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690520-formula1-ferstappen-vigrav-granpri-avstralii.html
The Russians fired at seven regions of Ukraine in a day - erection of ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690524-rosiani-za-dobu-obstrilali-sim-regioniv-ukraini-zvedenna-ova.html
In Sumy region, the troops of the Russian Federation were fired at milk, two dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690528-na-sumsini-vijska-rf-obstrilali-molokovoz-dvoe-zagiblih.html
There were 15 communities under the occupation: Ova released the video for the anniversary of the liberation of Kyiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690529-pid-okupacieu-buli-15-gromad-ova-opriludnila-rolik-do-ricnici-vizvolenna-kiivsini.html
7 people wounded as result of shelling at Nikolaevo-Daryino of Kursk region of Russia
https://t.me/bazabazon/16694
Russia and Belarus should show that nuclear blackmail does not work - the Foreign Minister of Latvia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690532-rosii-j-bilorusi-potribno-pokazati-so-adernij-santaz-ne-spracue-glava-mzs-latvii.html
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(17:56). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42455
Russian troops fired at Konstantinovka, are dead and wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690533-vijska-rf-obstrilali-kostantinivku-e-zagibli-i-poraneni.html
The explosions in Melitopol were heard in a depot where Russians repair military equipment - the mayor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690535-vibuhi-u-melitopoli-prolunali-v-depo-de-rosiani-remontuut-vijskovu-tehniku-mer.html
The Russian Federation holds five warships in the Black Sea, two of them are carriers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690540-rf-trimae-u-cornomu-mori-pat-bojovih-korabliv-dva-z-nih-nosii-kalibriv.html
Ukrainian Cordiaska became the strongest man in Europe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690549-strongmeni-ukrainec-kordiaka-stav-najsilnisou-ludinou-evropi-novikov-drugij.html
The Ministry of Education told how many budget seats will be this year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690547-u-minosviti-rozpovili-skilki-budzetnih-misc-bude-cogoric.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
Let's return the Ukrainian flag to all our cities: Zelensky showed footage from the liberated Kyiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690554-povernemo-ukrainskij-prapor-v-usi-nasi-mista-zelenskij-pokazav-kadri-zi-zvilnenoi-kiivsini.html
The multi -enthusiastic test can be made in over 20 countries - Ministry of Education
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690556-multipredmetnij-test-mozna-bude-sklasti-u-ponad-20-krainah-minosviti.html
Before Easter, queues on the border with Poland have increased: which checkpoints are less loaded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690561-pered-velikodnem-zrosli-cergi-na-kordoni-z-polseu-aki-punkti-propusku-mense-zavantazeni.html
Vereshchuk checks the living conditions of internal displaced persons in Zaporozhye
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690562-veresuk-perevirae-umovi-prozivanna-vnutrisnih-pereselenciv-u-zaporizzi.html
Konstantinovka shelling: the number of dead increased to six, eight wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690563-obstril-kostantinivki-kilkist-zagiblih-zrosla-do-sesti-vosmero-poranenih.html
In Paris vote for the ban on electrics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690566-u-parizi-golosuut-za-zaboronu-elektrosamokativ.html
The number of tornado victims in the US has increased to 26
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690569-kilkist-zertv-tornado-u-ssa-zroslo-do-26.html
OPEC countries will not reduce oil production
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690570-kraini-opek-ne-budut-zmensuvati-vidobutok-nafti.html
Gostomel's liberation: As a year ago the Armed Forces destroyed the elite Russian landing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690575-vizvolenna-gostomela-ak-rik-tomu-zsu-znisili-elitnij-rosijskij-desant.html
Hungary handed over six buses for victims from the Russian occupation of communities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690577-ugorsina-peredala-sist-avtobusiv-dla-postrazdalih-vid-rosijskoi-okupacii-gromad.html
Advisor to the office of President of Ukraine suggest that explosion in St.Petersburg is part...
https://twitter.com/Podolyak_M/status/1642571217310822400
In Mariupol, the work of heavy artillery in the port is heard - Andryushchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690580-u-mariupoli-cutno-robotu-vazkoi-artilerii-v-portu-andrusenko.html
Tkachenko thanked everyone involved in the enrichment and spread of Ukrainian children's literature
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3690582-tkacenko-podakuvav-usim-pricetnim-do-zbagacenna-ta-posirenna-ukrainskoi-ditacoi-literaturi.html
"The court has parked Mercedes for two months": The reaction of social networks to the arrest of Metropolitan Paul
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690557-sud-zaparkuvav-mersedes-na-dva-misaci-reakcia-socmerez-na-arest-mitropolita-upc-mp-pavla.html
Dynamo FST will celebrate the best athletes of the winter season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690588-fst-dinamo-vidznacit-krasih-sportsmeniv-zimovogo-sezonu.html
Donetsk Oblast(20:24). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42457
In Mariupol after blasting the car collaborator, the Russians have been "clearing" for a week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690591-u-mariupoli-pisla-pidrivu-avto-kolaboranta-rosiani-vze-tizden-provodat-zacistku.html
A rally was held in Tbilisi in support of the arrested participant of shares against the law on "inaging"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690594-u-tbilisi-vidbuvsa-miting-na-pidtrimku-arestovanogo-ucasnika-akcij-proti-zakonu-pro-inoagentiv.html
In Toretsk, four civilian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690595-u-torecku-cerez-rosijskij-obstril-postrazdali-cetvero-civilnih.html
The Russian invader himself documented the theft of paintings from the Kherson Museum
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3690596-rosijskij-zagarbnik-sam-zadokumentuvav-kradizku-kartin-iz-hersonskogo-muzeu.html
A fight in the church of the UOC -MP in Khmelnitsky: police opened the case
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690605-bijka-u-cerkvi-upc-mp-u-hmelnickomu-policia-vidkrila-spravu.html
Defense forces eliminated four thousand invaders in a week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690601-sili-oboroni-likviduvali-za-tizden-cotiri-tisaci-zagarbnikiv.html
Zaporizka Oblast(20:54). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42458
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(21:05). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42459
Translator for an English -language version of the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3677239-ukrinform-vidkrivae-vakansiu-perekladaca-dla-anglomovnoi-versii-sajtu.html
In Britain, a second group of Armed Forces Group has completed training
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690618-u-britanii-zaversila-navcanna-druga-grupa-artileristiv-zsu.html
Despite the ban on Onufrii served in the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690620-popri-zaboronu-onufrij-proviv-sluzbu-v-kievopecerskij-lavri.html
In Borodyanka, the sculpture "Girl under the Sun" was installed on the anniversary of the de -occupation of Kyiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690622-u-borodanci-vstanovili-skulpturu-divcinka-pid-soncem-do-ricnici-deokupacii-kiivsini.html
The court in Moscow suspended the work of the school in which children of Western diplomats are enrolled
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690636-sud-u-moskvi-prizupiniv-robotu-skoli-v-akij-navcautsa-diti-zahidnih-diplomativ.html
No harassment: Deputy Siarto showed how the Hungarians live in Transcarpathia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690630-zastupniku-ugorskogo-ministra-pokazali-ak-zive-nacspilnota-na-zakarpatti.html
In Lutsk, a lawyer and a Terroboron fighter were set on fire, the criminals were suspected
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690631-u-lucku-pidpalili-kvartiru-advokata-j-bijca-teroboroni-zlocincam-ogolosili-pidozru.html
In Kiev rescuers conducted a safety training for children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3690634-u-kievi-ratuvalniki-proveli-v-trc-bezpekovij-trening-dla-ditej.html
Due to the shelling of the TPP in Donetsk, the power supply of Pokrovsky district is broken
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690637-cerez-obstril-tes-na-doneccini-porusene-elektropostacanna-pokrovskogo-rajonu.html
UPL: Shakhtar lost points, Zorya won
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690641-upl-sahtar-vtrativ-ocki-zora-peremogla.html
Military beating in the temple: the mayor of Khmelnitsky wants the Council to ban the UOC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690643-pobitta-vijskovogo-u-hrami-mer-hmelnickogo-hoce-abi-rada-zaboronila-upc.html
A grenade exploded in the Bila Tserkva in the house - a man was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690645-u-bilij-cerkvi-vibuhnula-granata-v-budinku-zaginuv-colovik.html
The Ambassador of Ukraine called cynicism pseudo -gas to the peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3690647-posol-ukraini-nazvav-cinizmom-psevdozakliki-do-miru-odnopartijciv-solca.html
The Russians hit the Kupyansky district: the prosecutor's office showed the consequences
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690649-rosiani-vdarili-po-kupanskomu-rajonu-prokuratura-pokazala-naslidki.html
In the Kiev subway, the terminals did not work for fare
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3690650-u-kiivskomu-metro-cerez-zbij-ne-pracuvali-terminali-dla-oplati-proizdu.html
Vereshchuk said how many children live under fire in the Zaporozhye region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690654-u-zaporizkij-oblasti-pid-obstrilami-zivut-34-ditini-veresuk.html
Lester released Brendan Rogers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690657-lester-zvilniv-brendana-rodzersa.html
Ukrainian children in 25 countries received almost 600,000 books
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3690658-ukrainski-diti-u-25-krainah-otrimali-majze-600-tisac-knig.html
In Rivne region, volunteers "earned" for the Armed Forces more than ₴ 100 thousand, sending for garbage processing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690660-na-rivnensini-volonteri-zarobili-dla-zsu-ponad-100-tisac-vidpravlauci-na-pererobku-smitta.html
In Khmelnitsky Ova, they called to reduce the "degree of tension" around the clash in the UOC MP Temple
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690669-u-hmelnickij-ova-zaklikali-zniziti-gradus-naprugi-navkolo-suticki-u-hrami-upc.html
Due to the enemy shelling in Ukraine stopped the TPP - damaged equipment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690666-cerez-vorozij-obstril-v-ukraini-zupinilasa-tes-poskodzene-obladnanna.html
The Czech Republic has the opportunity to provide Ukraine with military assistance - the Minister of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690670-cehia-se-mae-mozlivist-nadavati-ukraini-vijskovu-dopomogu-ministr-oboroni.html
Blinken personally urged Lavrov to release the WSJ journalist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690672-blinken-osobisto-zaklikav-lavrova-zvilniti-zurnalista-wsj.html
Lucescu: We are waiting for a suprya for two years
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690668-lucesku-mi-cekaemo-na-supragu-protagom-dvoh-rokiv.html
In the UOC MP declare the assault of the cathedral where they beat the military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690671-v-upc-zaavlaut-pro-sturm-soboru-de-vranci-stavsa-incident-z-pobittam-vijskovogo.html
Ukraine demands from Russia to return 4 396 orphans who were illegally taken out
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690663-ukraina-vimagae-vid-rosii-povernuti-4-396-ditejsirit-akih-nezakonno-vivezli.html
Russians want to kill collaborators based on Vasylivka - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690675-rosiani-hocut-vbiti-kolaborantiv-vihodaci-z-vasilivki-fedorov.html
Journalists noticed Novinsky in Zurich - served in the Russian Church
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690676-zurnalisti-pomitili-novinskogo-u-curihu-proviv-sluzbu-v-rosijskij-cerkvi.html
Painter - about Bakhmut: the enemy tries not only to "Wagner" but also the paratroopers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690678-malar-pro-bahmut-vorog-namagaetsa-zadiati-ne-lise-vagnerivciv-a-j-desantnikiv.html
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck eight blows on Russian invaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690679-aviacia-sil-oboroni-za-dobu-zavdala-visim-udariv-po-rosijskih-zagarbnikah.html
Ukrainian Bubir won Bronze on Grand Slam with Judo in Turkey
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690680-ukrainec-bubir-zdobuv-bronzu-na-grand-slam-iz-dzudo-v-tureccini.html
The occupiers have big problems with a set of Crimeans for spring "call" - Chubarov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3690682-v-okupantiv-veliki-problemi-z-naborom-krimcan-dla-vesnanogo-prizovu-cubarov.html
In Khmelnitsky there were clashes near the temple of the UOC -MP, where they beat the military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690687-u-hmelnickomu-pocalisa-suticki-bila-hramu-de-pobili-vijskovogo-zmi.html
In St. Petersburg there was an explosion in the cafe of Prigogine, the Tatarsky "War" was killed - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690689-u-peterburzi-stavsa-vibuh-u-kafe-prigozina-zaginuv-voenkor-tatarskij.html
"Nothing left from the mouth": the invader told about the successful operation of the Armed Forces - intercepting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690692-vid-roti-nicogo-ne-lisilosa-zagarbnik-rozpoviv-pro-vdalu-operaciu-zsu-perehoplenna.html
Lila Lila: Real Mislearies "Validolid"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690696-la-lila-real-rozgromiv-valadolid.html
Rashism should go through a complete defeat - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690698-rasizm-povinen-projti-cerez-povnu-porazku-zelenskij.html
Shakhda is trying to avoid air defense, so they need to be knocked down from machine guns - Naev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690699-sahedi-namagautsa-uniknuti-ppo-tomu-ih-treba-zbivati-z-kulemetiv-naev.html
In Khmelnitsky, he was voted for the transition of the Cathedral of the UOC -MP to the PCCU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690702-u-hmelnickomu-progolosuvali-za-perehid-kafedralnogo-soboru-upc-mp-do-pcu.html
Next week will be important on the way to victory - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3690705-nastupnij-tizden-bude-vazlivim-na-slahu-do-peremogi-prezident.html
Russia can change the higher military leadership due to a failed winter offensive - isw
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690706-rosia-moze-zminiti-vise-vijskove-kerivnictvo-cerez-nevdalij-zimovij-nastup-isw.html
The bomb was laid in a gift by Tatar gilded bust
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690708-bombu-zaklali-u-podarovanij-voenkoru-tatarskomu-pozolocenij-bust.html
China brought out a satellite with a new rocket carrier
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3690707-kitaj-viviv-na-orbitu-suputnik-za-dopomogou-novoi-raketinosia.html
APL: Newcastle won Manchester United and climbed into the LC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690711-apl-nukasl-peremig-mancester-unajted-i-pidnavsa-v-zonu-lc.html
The mayor of Khmelnitsky showed the first prayer in Ukrainian in the Pokrovsky Cathedral
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690713-mer-hmelnickogo-pokazav-persu-molitvu-ukrainskou-u-pokrovskomu-kafedralnomu-sobori.html
Mindrifra will attract an APPL to the post -war census
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3690715-mincifri-zalucit-apple-do-povoennogo-perepisu-naselenna.html
The Russians during the day fired four communities of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690716-rosiani-protagom-dobi-obstrilali-cotiri-gromadi-sumsini.html
The UN Security Council needs reform - Czech Foreign Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690721-rada-bezpeki-oon-potrebue-reformuvanna-glava-mzs-cehii.html
Chelsea released Graham Potter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690723-celsi-zvilniv-grema-pottera.html
Russian nuclear weapons will "push" to the western border of Belarus - Ambassador
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690724-rosijsku-adernu-zbrou-prisunut-do-zahidnogo-kordonu-bilorusi-posol-rf.html
The current President of Montenegro is inferior to the opponent in the second round of elections
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690726-cinnij-prezident-cornogorii-postupivsa-supernikovi-u-drugomu-turi-viboriv-zmi.html
In Ukraine, almost a week will rain, in the afternoon from 0 to +15
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690576-v-ukraini-majze-tizden-dositime-vden-vid-0-do-15.html
Dovbik and Grigorchuk are the best in the 19th round of UPL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690728-dovbik-ta-grigorcuk-najkrasi-u-19mu-turi-upl.html
In Russia, the suspect was detained in the murder of Tatarsky War - Media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690729-u-rosii-zatrimali-pidozruvanu-u-vbivstvi-voenkora-tatarskogo-zmi.html
In Kharkiv, Support Support Supports cleared 145 hectares of agricultural land
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/sapery-syl-pidtrymky-zsu-ochyshhayut-zemli-vid-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
Europol identified 150 suspects of military crimes in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/yevropol-proanalizuvav-7-tysyach-foto-ta-video-ta-znajshov-150-pidozryuvanyhrf-prychasnyh-u-voyennyh-zlochynah-v-ukrayini/
The White Angel group evacuates people from Avdiivka, who is in the Red Zone
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/evakuaczijna-grupa-bilyj-yangol-evakuyuyut-lyudej-z-avdiyivky-yaka-znahodytsya-v-chervonij-zoni/
Action sanctions: Ukraine and the world - against Russian aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/sankcziyi-v-diyi-ukrayina-i-svit-proty-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-7/
Twitter blocked the American "expert" who actively promoted the narratives of Rospropaganda
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/tviter-zablokuvav-akaunt-amerykanskogo-eksperta-skotta-rittera-yakyj-aktyvno-prosuvav-spivzvuchni-rosijskij-propagandi-naratyvy/
Hostile media spread fake on the sale of the Armed Forces in Turkey
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/vorozhi-media-poshyryuyut-fejk-pro-prodazh-ukrayinskoyi-vijskovoyi-formy/
The Navy showed how marines clean the enemy positions in Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/zachystka-vorozhyh-pozyczij-shturmovoyu-grupoyu-voyiniv-bataljonu-morskoyi-pihoty/
5000 tablets and laptops have been transferred to the schoolchildren
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/dlya-shkolyariv-iz-silskyh-gromad-zvilnenoyi-hersonshhyny-peredano-5000-planshetiv-i-noutbukiv/
Divisions of missile troops and artillery of defense forces struck 3 areas of focus of the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/pidrozdily-raketnyh-vijsk-i-artyleriyi-syl-oborony-urazyly-3-rajony-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
Hyacint-C trophy is now forbid Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/trofejna-samohidna-artylerijska-ustanovka-giaczynt-s-teper-boronyt-ukrayinu/
In Kherson region, the occupying authorities forge the documents for the appropriation of real estate of Ukrainian citizens
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/na-hersonshhyni-okupaczijna-vlada-pidroblyaye-dokumenty-dlya-pryvlasnennya-neruhomosti-gromadyan-ukrayiny/
In Melitopol, the occupiers export illegally cut down forest in the south direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/u-melitopoli-okupanty-vyvozyat-nezakonno-vyrubanyj-lis-u-pivdennomu-napryamku/
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated 560 invaders, destroyed 2 tanks and 7 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-560-okupantiv-znyshhyly-2-tanky-ta-7-bbm/
There are 10 enemy ships in the Black Sea, including three caliber rocket launchers - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/u-chornomu-mori-perebuvaye-10-vorozhyh-korabliv-sered-yakyh-try-raketonosiyi-kalibriv-nataliya-gumenyuk/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Year after the release of Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/rik-pislya-zvilnennya-chernigivshhyny/
During the day, rescuers went over a hundred times to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-ponad-sto-raziv-vyyizdyly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-19/
Juvenile prosecutors: 467 children were killed in Ukraine as a result of armed aggression of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/yuvenalni-prokurory-467-ditej-zagynuly-v-ukrayini-vnaslidok-zbrojnoyi-agresiyi-rf/
Last day Russian troops fired 102 settlements of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/mynuloyi-doby-rosijski-vijska-obstrilyaly-102-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny/
In the Donetsk direction the enemy retreated from some positions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/na-doneczkomu-napryamku-vorog-vidstupyv-iz-deyakyh-pozyczij/
During the day of the Pyrotechnics of the SESS neutralized nearly 400 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-majzhe-400-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-2/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: Almost 78,000 military crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-majzhe-78-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
There are 5 enemy ships in the Black Sea on combat duty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/u-chornomu-mori-na-bojovomu-cherguvanni-perebuvaye-5-vorozhyh-korabliv-3/
The consequences of Russian aggression over the past day are the situation in areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/naslidky-rosijskoyi-agresiyi-za-mynulu-dobu-sytuacziya-v-oblastyah-2/
We continue the struggle for the independence of our Motherland - Valery Zaluzhny
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/prodovzhuyemo-borotbu-za-nezalezhnist-nashoyi-batkivshhyny-valerij-zaluzhnyj/
IDPs and released from captivity can get vouchers to study
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/vpo-i-zvilneni-z-polonu-mozhut-otrymaty-vauchery-na-navchannya/
Let's return the Ukrainian flag to all our cities and communities - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/povernemo-ukrayinskyj-prapor-v-usi-nashi-mista-j-gromady-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
FM Army Military Radio is expanding the geography of its speech
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/vijskove-radio-armiya-fm-rozshyryuye-geografiyu-svogo-movlennya/
It is possible to agree with analysts that the great offensive of the Russian Federation has not reached the goal due to the courage and professionalism of our defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/mozhna-pogodytysya-z-analitykamy-shho-velykyj-nastup-rf-ne-dosyag-mety-zavdyaky-muzhnosti-i-profesionalizmu-nashyh-zahysnykiv/
As the warriors of paratroopers took the opponent's positions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/yak-voyiny-desantnyky-zajnyaly-pozycziyi-protyvnyka/
During the week of Ukraine's defense forces destroyed about 4,000 invaders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/za-tyzhden-syly-oborony-ukrayiny-znyshhyly-blyzko-4-tysyach-okupantiv/
To restore the liberated territories we must attract all possible resources - Irina Vereshchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/dlya-vidnovlennya-zvilnenyh-terytorij-mayemo-zaluchaty-vsi-mozhlyvi-resursy-iryna-vereshhuk/
The coordination headquarters met with relatives of the defenders of the Koshov Ataman Kostya Gordienko brigade
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodychamy-zahysnykiv-brygady-imeni-koshovogo-otamana-kostya-gordiyenka/
Bakhmut's situation remains very tense - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/sytuacziya-u-bahmuti-zalyshayetsya-duzhe-napruzhenoyu-ganna-malyar/
During the day, the enemy struck 5 missile, 22 aviation strike
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/protyagom-doby-protyvnyk-zavdav-5-raketnyh-ta-22-aviaczijnyh-udariv-zdijsnyv-42-obstrily-z-rszv/
Statakers in Crimea invaders campaign to sign contracts with the Russian Federation because of huge losses
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/strokovykiv-u-krymu-okupanty-agituyut-pidpysuvaty-kontrakty-z-mo-rf-cherez-velychezni-vtraty/
The collapse of Russian generals - Military Media Center
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/krah-rosijskyh-generaliv-military-media-center/
In Khmelnitsky, the procedure of re-registration of the Holy Pokrovsky Cathedral of the UOC was carried out before the subordination of the PCU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/u-hmelnyczkomu-provely-proczeduru-perereyestracziyi-svyato-pokrovskogo-kafedralnogo-soboru-upcz-do-pidporyadkuvannya-pczu/
Rashism must go through the complete defeat: military, economic, political, legal - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/rashyzm-povynen-projty-cherez-povnu-porazku-vijskovu-ekonomichnu-politychnu-yurydychnu-prezydenta-ukrayiny/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 8 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-8-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
Ukraine's liberation of its territories is the only possible way to stop Russia and end the war - Indrek Kannik
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/zvilnennya-ukrayinoyu-svoyih-terytorij-cze-yedynyj-narazi-mozhlyvyj-shlyah-zupynyty-rosiyu-i-prypynyty-vijnu-indrek-kannik/
In honor of the liberation of Kyiv region in Borodyanka opened the sculpture "Girl under the Sun"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/na-chest-vyzvolennya-kyyivshhyny-v-borodyanczi-vidkryly-skulpturu-divchynka-pid-sonczem/
The Second Group of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces completed the Britain at the As90 howitzer
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/druga-grupa-artylerystiv-zsu-zavershyla-navchannya-v-brytaniyi-na-gaubyczi-as90/
We need to help Ukraine join NATO, otherwise the aggression of the Russian Federation will be repeated again and again - Indrek Kannik
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/my-mayemo-dopomogty-ukrayini-vstupyty-do-nato-inakshe-agresiya-rf-povtoryuvatymetsya-znovu-i-znovu-indrek-kannika/
Short. War. Day 403 Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/korotko-vijna-den-403-videodajdzhest/
RheinMetall Builds in Romania Center for Military equipment of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690730-rheinmetall-budue-v-rumunii-centr-obslugovuvanna-vijskovoi-tehniki-zsu.html
Ukraine will become one of the strongest countries in the development of military innovation - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3690718-ukraina-stane-odnieu-z-najsilnisih-krain-u-rozvitku-vijskovih-innovacij-fedorov.html
Sanctions against the Russian Federation as of 02 April
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/03/sankcziyi-proty-rosijskoyi-federacziyi-stanom-na-02-kvitnya/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====