乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-18

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

A serviceman of the Russian Federation on significant losses of personnel of the Russian army - intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/vijskovosluzhbovecz-rf-pro-znachni-vtraty-osobovogo-skladu-rosijskoyi-armiyi-perehoplennya-gur/
Mark "Russian Military Ship, I I ...!" recognized the best in the world
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/marku-russkij-voyennyj-korabl-idi-vyznaly-najkrashhoyu-v-sviti/
A meeting with families of servicemen took place at the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodynamy-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
The prosecutor's office through the court returned to the Ministry of Defense the land worth almost 10 million UAH
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/prokuratura-cherez-sud-povernula-u-vlasnist-minoborony-zemlyu-vartistyu-majzhe-10-mln-grn/
The main narrative that promote the Russian media
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/osnovnyj-naratyv-shho-prosuvayut-rosijski-zmi-3/
The Armed Forces Aircraft per day struck 17 beats on the places of focus of the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/aviacziya-zsu-za-dobu-zavdala-17-udariv-po-misczyah-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv/
Last day Ukrainian defenders repelled 36 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/mynuloyi-doby-ukrayinski-zahysnyky-vidbyly-36-vorozhyh-atak/
To hide significant losses on the front, Russians evacuate for treatment with only officers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/shhob-pryhovaty-znachni-vtraty-na-fronti-rosiyany-evakuyuyu-na-likuvannya-do-rf-lyshe-oficzeriv/
Enemy Loss per day: 670 occupiers have been eliminated, 12 tanks and 22 artsystem were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-670-okupantiv-likvidovano-znyshheno-12-tankiv-i-22-artsystemy/
Details of destruction of Russian "alligator"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/podrobyczi-znyshhennya-rosijskogo-aligatora/
In Ukraine, a single register of weapons - the Ministry of Internal Affairs will soon work
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/v-ukrayini-nezabarom-zapraczyuye-yedynyj-reyestr-zbroyi-mvs/
The SBU reported suspicion to two inhabitants of Odessa, who were serving Rostob fakes about mobilization and Kiev-Pechersk Lavra
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/sbu-povidomyla-pro-pidozru-dvom-odesytam-yaki-na-zamovlennya-rostb-znimaly-fejky-pro-mobilizacziyu-ta-kyyevo-pechersku-lavru/
The Estonia Parliament supported the creation of a special offense on the crime of Russian aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/parlament-estoniyi-pidtrymav-stvorennya-specztrybunalu-shhodo-zlochynu-agresiyi-rf/
All 12 missiles launched last day by the Russians in the Kyiv region - destroyed by defense forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/usi-12-raket-zapushhenyh-mynuloyi-doby-rosiyanamy-po-kyyivshhyni-znyshheno-sylamy-oborony/
The Ambassador of Ukraine to Estonia visited the School of Freedom, where 600 Ukrainian students study
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/posol-ukrayiny-v-estoniyi-vidvidala-shkolu-svobody-de-navchayutsya-600-ukrayinskyh-uchniv/
In the Nikolaev area, Kherson and Dnipropetrovsk, infectious hubs have been launched
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/na-mykolayivshhyni-hersonshhyni-ta-dnipropetrovshhyni-rozgornuto-infekczijni-haby/
The racists hit the anti -tank managed rocket on a car with civilians - the proceedings were started
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/rashysty-vdaryly-protytankovoyu-kerovanoyu-raketoyu-po-avto-z-czyvilnymy-rozpochato-provadzhennya/
Two Russian drones were destroyed in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/na-hersonshhyni-znyshheno-dva-rosijski-bezpilotnyky/
The redeployment of the coastal complex to the Bryansk region poses a threat of strikes in the territory of Ukraine - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/peredyslokacziya-u-bryansku-oblast-beregovogo-korabelnogo-kompleksu-nese-zagrozu-shhodo-zavdannya-udariv-po-terytoriyi-ukrayiny-yurij-ignat/
Officers were released at the National Academy of Land Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/u-naczionalnij-akademiyi-suhoputnyh-vijsk-vidbuvsya-vypusk-oficzeriv-2/
The water level in the Dnieper near Kherson continues to decline, now it reaches 0.94 m
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/riven-vody-u-dnipri-bilya-hersona-prodovzhuye-znyzhuvatysya-narazi-vin-znahodytsya-na-poznachczi-094-m/
The occupiers have inflicted the air strike in the Kherson region, there is a dead and injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/okupanty-zavdaly-aviaudar-po-hersonshhyni-ye-zagyblyj-i-travmovani/
In the US at a music festival there was a shooting, two people were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724541-u-ssa-na-muzicnomu-festivali-stalasa-strilanina-dvoe-ludej-zaginuli.html
Italy took the third place of the League Nations 2022/23 from football
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724531-italia-posila-trete-misce-ligi-nacij-202223-z-futbolu.html
Zaluzhni congratulated Ukrainians on his father's day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724468-zaluznij-privitav-ukrainciv-z-dnem-batka.html
Sergey Rebrov: Tomorrow you will see a different warehouse
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724566-sergij-rebrov-zavtra-pobacite-insij-sklad.html
Riga organizes camps for Ukrainian children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724424-riga-organizovue-tabori-dla-ukrainskih-ditej.html
Armed Forces destroyed four enemy drones in the south
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724565-zsu-znisili-na-pivdni-cotiri-vorozi-bezpilotniki.html
India has increased importing Russian oil by 10 times - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3724561-india-zbilsila-import-rosijskoi-nafti-v-10-raziv-zmi.html
In Kryvyi Rih to solve problems with water supply will lay 100 kilometers of pipes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3724564-u-krivomu-rozi-dla-virisenna-problem-iz-vodopostacannam-prokladut-100-kilometriv-trub.html
Shakhtar Academy Director of Cardoza left the team for war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724557-direktor-akademii-sahtara-kardozu-zalisiv-komandu-cerez-vijnu.html
In Nikopol as a result of Russian shelling, two objects of critical infrastructure have been damaged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724558-u-nikopoli-vnaslidok-rosijskogo-obstrilu-poskodzeni-dva-obekti-kriticnoi-infrastrukturi.html
Ukrainian aviation per day struck seven blows on the enemy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724556-ukrainska-aviacia-za-dobu-zavdala-sim-udariv-po-vorogu.html
Five cars collided in Kyiv region - four injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724551-na-kiivsini-zitknulisa-pat-avtomobiliv-cetvero-travmovanih.html
The Armed Forces have already eliminated 219,820 Russian invaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724362-zsu-vze-likviduvali-219-820-rosijskih-zagarbnikiv.html
Russians in Luhansk region threaten people with a non -giving humanitarian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724363-rosiani-na-lugansini-pogrozuut-ludam-nevidaceu-gumanitarki.html
Memory of the serviceman Nicholas "Sokol" Zhidkova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723806-pamati-vijskovosluzbovca-mikoli-sokola-zidkova.html
In southern Brazil due to a powerful cyclone, 11 people were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724366-na-pivdni-brazilii-vnaslidok-potuznogo-ciklonu-zaginuli-11-ludej.html
Anatoly Novostimenny became the absolute world champion in powerlifting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724367-anatolij-novopismennij-stav-absolutnim-cempionom-svitu-z-pauerliftingu.html
Russia holds one rocket launcher in the Black Sea with eight "caliber"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724370-rosia-trimae-u-cornomu-mori-odin-raketonosij-z-vismoma-kalibrami.html
Russian troops struck Kupyansk, there is a destruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724375-vijska-rf-zavdali-udaru-po-kupansku-e-rujnuvanna.html
The enemy fired 12 times the border of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724378-rosiani-12-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-e-rujnuvanna.html
After the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, 41 settlements remain flooded - SESS
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724383-pisla-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-pidtoplenim-zalisaetsa-41-naselenij-punkt-dsns.html
The UEFA League winner will be determined today
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724384-sogodni-viznacitsa-peremozec-ligi-nacij-uefa.html
In Odessa, the beaches were found unsuitable for bathing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724385-v-odesi-plazi-viznali-nepridatnimi-dla-kupanna.html
The Russians fired Kharkiv region, there is a wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724567-rosiani-obstrilali-harkivsinu-e-poranenij.html
Russians killed 489 children in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724387-rosiani-vbili-v-ukraini-vze-489-ditej.html
Russian troops bear the greatest loss in the last four months - British intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724388-rosijski-vijska-nesut-najbilsi-vtrati-za-ostanni-cotiri-misaci-britanska-rozvidka.html
Russia conducted rocket launchers in the Black Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724583-rosia-provela-rotaciu-raketonosiiv-u-cornomu-mori.html
Ukrainian judoists won three "gold" at the start of the Slovenian stage of the European Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724389-ukrainski-dzudoistki-zdobuli-tri-zolota-na-starti-slovenskogo-etapu-kubka-evropi.html
Pistorius rejected the idea of "non -violent" resistance of Ukraine: tell people in Bucha
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724395-pistorius-vidkinuv-ideu-nenasilnickogo-oporu-ukraini-skazit-pro-ce-ludam-u-buci.html
In the liberated territories of Zaporizhzhya region there are stabilization measures
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724396-na-zvilnenih-teritoriah-zaporizkoi-oblasti-prohodat-stabilizacijni-zahodi.html
In the air force confirmed the destruction of ammunition composition of invaders in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724397-u-povitranih-silah-pidtverdili-znisenna-skladu-boepripasiv-zagarbnikiv-na-hersonsini.html
On the portal "Know" there are available tips on the enrichment of the diet of children during vacations - Zelensk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724400-na-portali-znaimo-dostupni-poradi-pro-zbagacenna-racionu-ditej-pid-cas-kanikul-zelenska.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: in Zaporozhye water level fell by 4 meters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724399-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-u-zaporizzi-riven-vodi-vpav-na-4-metri.html
Defense forces per day destroyed 77 units of enemy military equipment in the Tavriya direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724407-sili-oboroni-za-dobu-znisili-77-odinic-vijskovoi-tehniki-voroga-na-tavrijskomu-napramku.html
He kept the defense of Soledar and Bakhmut: Nayev met with a Grantorator warrior Grigory Babich
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724404-trimav-oboronu-soledara-ta-bahmuta-naev-zustrivsa-z-voinomgranatometnikom-grigoriem-babicem.html
Zelensky congratulated the Ukrainians on his father's day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724415-zelenskij-privitav-ukrainciv-z-dnem-batka.html
The army of the Russian Federation attacked nine regions of Ukraine - erection of ova per day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724409-armia-rf-za-dobu-atakuvala-devat-oblastej-ukraini-zvedenna-ova.html
President: Our military moving, step by step
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724590-prezident-nasi-vijskovi-ruhautsa-krok-za-krokom-idemo-vpered.html
Russia was re -indefinitely removed from competitions in sled sports
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724416-rosiu-znovu-bezstrokovo-usunuli-vid-zmagan-u-sannomu-sporti.html
Water on the flooded part of the bare pier is kept at 1 meter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724417-voda-na-pidtoplenij-castini-goloi-pristani-trimaetsa-na-rivni-1-metra.html
Ukrhydroenergo said how much significant flooding will be stored after the Russian Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724421-v-ukrgidroenergo-skazali-skilki-zberigatimetsa-znacne-zatoplenna-pisla-pidrivu-rosianami-kahovskoi-ges.html
The Kremlin will take advantage of the African delegation for information operations - ISW
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724420-kreml-skoristaetsa-zaavami-afrikanskoi-delegacii-dla-informacijnih-operacij-isw.html
Ukrainian national teams complete the qualification in Golden Euroliz in Volleyball
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724423-ukrainski-zbirni-zaversuut-kvalifikaciu-u-zolotij-evrolizi-z-volejbolu.html
Riga organizes camps for Ukrainian children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724424-riga-organizovue-tabori-dla-ukrainskih-ditej.html
Odessa was banned from spontaneous trade in fish and seafood
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724426-v-odesi-zaboronili-stihijnu-torgivlu-ribou-ta-moreproduktami.html
In the Carpathian Patients, the floods washed away the roads in several areas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724427-na-prikarpatti-pavodki-rozmili-dorogi-u-kilkoh-rajonah.html
The ferry caught fire near the Philippines, 120 passengers evacuated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724429-poblizu-filippin-zagorivsa-porom-evakuuvali-120-pasaziriv.html
In Ukraine, they began to develop a plan for reconstruction of communities affected by Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3724431-v-ukraini-pocali-rozroblati-plan-vidbudovi-gromad-postrazdalih-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Russians during the day 33 times fired at Sumy region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724584-rosiani-protagom-dna-33-razi-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
The Russians fired at seven border villages of Sumy region and Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724434-rosiani-obstrilali-sim-prikordonnih-sil-sumsini-i-cernigivsini.html
Op commented Putin's words during an African delegation visit to Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724439-v-ofisi-prezidenta-prokomentuvali-slova-putina-pid-cas-vizitu-afrikanskoi-delegacii-v-rosiu.html
In one of the communities of Nikopol district, centralized water supply was restored
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724437-v-odnij-iz-gromad-nikopolskogo-rajonu-vidnovili-centralizovane-vodopostacanna.html
In Lviv, the winner of the National Competition "Ukrainian Song" was determined
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3724440-u-lvovi-viznacili-peremoznicu-nacionalnogo-konkursu-ukrainska-pisna.html
French arbitrators will judge Ukraine - Malta in EURO -2024 selection
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724441-francuzki-arbitri-rozsudat-matc-ukraina-malta-u-vidbori-evro2024.html
Russia has reduced in the Black Sea the number of ships up to five
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724442-rosia-zmensila-u-cornomu-mori-kilkist-korabliv-do-pati-sered-akih-odin-raketonosij.html
In Odessa, the work of entertainment establishments was restricted by 22:00
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724443-v-odesi-robotu-rozvazalnih-zakladiv-obmezili-do-2200.html
The enemy throws equipment and military from Kherson region to the Zaporozhye direction - the mayor of Melitopol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724445-rosia-perekidae-tehniku-i-vijskovih-iz-hersonsini-na-zaporizkij-napramok-mer-melitopola.html
The enemy has not destroyed any patriot in Ukraine - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724589-vorog-ne-znisiv-zodnogo-patriot-v-ukraini-zelenskij.html
UPL: "Polesie" came out of vacation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724453-upl-polissa-vijslo-z-vidpustki.html
In the Carpathian region, bad weather is raging: rescuers urge to refrain from hiking in the mountains
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724454-na-prikarpatti-virue-negoda-ratuvalniki-zaklikaut-utrimatisa-vid-pohodiv-u-gori.html
G7 will support Ukraine's transport infrastructure - Kubrakov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3724456-g7-pidtrimae-vidnovlenna-transportnoi-infrastrukturi-ukraini-kubrakov.html
In the capital of Kazakhstan, an armed man seized hostages in a bank building
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724455-u-stolici-kazahstanu-ozbroenij-colovik-zahopiv-zarucnikiv-u-budivli-banku.html
The placement of nuclear weapons in Belarus increases the requirement of Ukraine for the rapid entry into NATO - Secretary General
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724460-rozmisenna-adernoi-zbroi-u-bilorusi-posilue-vimogu-ukraini-dla-svidkogo-vstupu-v-nato-gensek.html
In water in Kherson region fix the excess of iron content
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724461-u-vodi-na-hersonsini-fiksuut-perevisenna-vmistu-zaliza.html
At the University of Grinchenko opened the audience of Kyoto - the future center of Japanese language and culture
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3724464-v-universiteti-grincenka-vidkrili-auditoriu-kioto-majbutnogo-centru-aponskoi-movi-i-kulturi.html
SESC warns of hail and squalls in the west, south and center of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724465-dsns-poperedzae-pro-grad-i-skvali-na-zahodi-pivdni-ta-centri-ukraini.html
The Russian Bryansk burned a veterans hospital that is just being built
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724466-u-rosijskomu-bransku-gorit-spital-dla-veteraniv-akij-tilki-buduetsa.html
Ukraine has set on a path that will lead to the liberation of Crimea - Goodges
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3724588-ukraina-stupila-na-slah-akij-privede-do-vizvolenna-krimu-godzes.html
Yastremskaya was unable to get to the main WTA tournament in Birmingham
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724472-astremska-ne-zmogla-vidibratisa-do-osnovnoi-sitki-turniru-wta-u-birmingemi.html
The PACE will consider a resolution on athletes from Russia and Belarus to the Olympics
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724475-pare-rozglane-rezoluciu-pro-nedopusk-sportsmeniv-z-rosii-ta-bilorusi-na-olimpiadu.html
The Kherson neighborhood of the island will begin to connect to the energy network from the middle of next week - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724476-hersonskij-mikrorajon-ostriv-pocnut-pidednuvati-do-energomerezi-z-seredini-nastupnogo-tizna-ova.html
Svitolina will perform at WTA 500 in Washington
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724482-svitolina-vistupit-na-turniri-wta-500-u-vasingtoni.html
In the Snihur community in Mykolaiv region, the water level decreased by almost 5 meters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724484-u-snigurivskij-gromadi-na-mikolaivsini-riven-vodi-znizivsa-majze-na-5-metriv.html
Astana was neutralized by a man who seized hostages in a bank
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724485-v-astani-zneskodili-colovika-akij-zahopiv-zarucnikiv-u-banku.html
In Kherson region, residents of the affected areas will start receiving gas supply from June 26
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724487-na-hersonsini-meskanci-postrazdalih-rajoniv-pocnut-otrimuvati-gazopostacanna-z-26-cervna.html
The Pope urged not to forget about the "long -suffering Ukraine"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724489-papa-rimskij-zaklikav-ne-zabuvati-pro-bagatostrazdalnu-ukrainu.html
The National Council responded to the plot of the French TV channel on the preparation of Russians for the Armed Forces counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724490-u-nacradi-vidreaguvali-na-suzet-francuzkogo-telekanalu-pro-pidgotovku-rosian-do-kontrnastupu-zsu.html
There are 1500 people in Avdiivka
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724492-u-avdiivci-zalisaetsa-1500-ludej.html
Zelensky announced new important communications with weapons partners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724593-zelenskij-anonsuvav-novi-vazlivi-komunikacii-z-partnerami-sodo-zbroi.html
Determined all participants of the finals of four women's golden Eurolege-2023 in volleyball
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724493-viznacilisa-usi-ucasnici-finalu-cotiroh-zinocoi-zolotoi-evroligi2023-z-volejbolu.html
Kuleba commented Peskov's statements about the "demilitarization" of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724496-kuleba-prokomentuvav-zaavi-peskova-pro-demilitarizaciu-ukraini.html
Carnation: Eddie Hirn said he would try to organize a battle for me for eliminator WBA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724499-gvozdik-eddi-hirn-skazav-so-sprobue-organizuvati-dla-mene-bij-za-eliminator-wba.html
In Kherson region the average water level is 93 centimeters, flooded 23 settlements
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724501-na-hersonsini-serednij-riven-vodi-93-santimetri-zatopleni-23-naselenih-punktiv.html
In intelligence called the actions of the Russians on nuclear blackmail
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3724505-u-rozvidci-nazvali-dii-rosian-na-zaes-adernim-santazem.html
In the reservoirs of the Nikolaevshchina found cholera vibrio
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724506-u-vodojmah-mikolaivsini-viavili-holeropodibnij-vibrion-ta-znacne-perevisenna-norm-kiskovoi-palicki.html
Ukrainians can adopt children from the evacuees abroad - Ombudsman's representative
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724508-ukrainci-mozut-vsinovluvati-ditej-iz-zakladiv-evakujovanih-za-kordon-predstavnica-ombudsmana.html
Ukraine defeated Northern Macedonia in Golden Euroliz from Volleyball
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724591-ukraina-peremogla-pivnicnu-makedoniu-u-zolotij-evrolizi-z-volejbolu.html
Luis Enrique will become a new head coach "PSG" - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724510-luis-enrike-stane-novim-golovnim-trenerom-psz-zmi.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
In Japan, a truck collided with a bus, five dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724500-v-aponii-vnaslidok-dtp-zaginuli-patero-ludej.html
The government has allocated more than ₴ 550 billion in five months this year this year -
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3724515-urad-za-pat-misaciv-cogo-roku-vidiliv-na-sili-bezpeki-i-oboroni-ponad-550-milardiv-smigal.html
In Kherson region there are public utilities from 13 regions of Ukraine - OP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724520-na-hersonsini-pracuut-komunalniki-z-13-regioniv-ukraini-op.html
Sachko won the first in career tournament level atp Challenger
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724518-sacko-vigrav-persij-u-kareri-turnir-rivna-atp-challenger.html
In evacuation abroad, there are 168 kindergartens - Ombudsman's office
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724519-u-evakuacii-za-kordonom-zalisautsa-168-ditbudinkiv-ofis-ombudsmena.html
A car race was held in Zaporozhye in support of the Azov captives
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724522-u-zaporizzi-vidbuvsa-avtoprobig-na-pidtrimku-polonenih-azovciv.html
There are 14,000 subscribers in Kherson region without power supply
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724523-na-hersonsini-bez-elektropostacanna-zalisautsa-14-tisac-abonentiv.html
Abramovich refuses to transfer money to Ukraine from the sale of Chelsea - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3724524-abramovic-vidmovlaetsa-peredavati-ukraini-grosi-vid-prodazu-celsi-zmi.html
Russians are changing private land in Zaporozhye
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724552-rosiani-minuut-privatni-zemelni-dilanki-na-zaporizzi.html
The national team of Ukraine gave way to France in the Group of Women's Golden European Volleyball
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724530-zbirna-ukraini-postupilas-francii-v-grupi-zinocoi-zolotoi-evroligi-z-volejbolu.html
The EU will accelerate the supply of weapons to Ukraine - European Commissar Brenton
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724526-es-priskorit-postavki-zbroi-v-ukrainu-evrokomisar-brenton.html
From the Wagner Body Front is taken by Kamaz - intercepting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724533-iz-frontu-tila-vagnerivciv-vivozat-kamazami-perehoplenna.html
In the Dnieper - the increased content of dissolved oxygen and exceeding the concentration on suspended substances
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724537-u-dnipri-pidvisenij-vmist-rozcinenogo-kisnu-ta-perevisenna-koncentracii-po-zavislih-recovinah.html
Ukrainian military knocked down the Russian helicopter Ka-52
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724539-ukrainski-vijskovi-zbili-rosijskij-gelikopter-ka52.html
Post -Representation of Ukraine at the UN: The spread of misinformation is fully integrated into military strategies of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724550-postpred-ukraini-v-oon-posirenna-dezinformacii-povnistu-integrovane-u-vijskovi-strategii-rosii.html
President: Russia will lose captured Ukrainian territories
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724592-prezident-rosia-vtracatime-zahopleni-ukrainski-teritorii.html
The Russian Federation concentrates basic efforts in four directions, a day - 17 clashes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724549-rf-zoseredzue-osnovni-zusilla-na-cotiroh-napramkah-za-dobu-17-bojovih-zitknen.html
Five cars collided in Kyiv region - four injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724551-na-kiivsini-zitknulisa-pat-avtomobiliv-cetvero-travmovanih.html
Ukrainian aviation per day struck seven blows on the enemy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724556-ukrainska-aviacia-za-dobu-zavdala-sim-udariv-po-vorogu.html
In Nikopol as a result of Russian shelling, two objects of critical infrastructure have been damaged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724558-u-nikopoli-vnaslidok-rosijskogo-obstrilu-poskodzeni-dva-obekti-kriticnoi-infrastrukturi.html
Shakhtar Academy Director of Cardoza left the team for war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724557-direktor-akademii-sahtara-kardozu-zalisiv-komandu-cerez-vijnu.html
In Kryvyi Rih to solve problems with water supply will lay 100 kilometers of pipes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3724564-u-krivomu-rozi-dla-virisenna-problem-iz-vodopostacannam-prokladut-100-kilometriv-trub.html
India has increased importing Russian oil by 10 times - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3724561-india-zbilsila-import-rosijskoi-nafti-v-10-raziv-zmi.html
Armed Forces destroyed four enemy drones in the south
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724565-zsu-znisili-na-pivdni-cotiri-vorozi-bezpilotniki.html
Sergey Rebrov: Tomorrow you will see a different warehouse
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724566-sergij-rebrov-zavtra-pobacite-insij-sklad.html
The Russians fired Kharkiv region, there is a wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724567-rosiani-obstrilali-harkivsinu-e-poranenij.html
At the beginning of the week in Ukraine there is heat, in some areas - rains
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724467-v-ukraini-na-pocatku-tizna-utrimaetsa-spekotna-pogoda-z-dosami-v-deakih-oblastah.html
The number of dead as a result of the Kakhovsky Dams blast increased to 17 - MIA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724570-kilkist-zagiblih-unaslidok-pidrivu-kahovskoi-grebli-zrosla-do-17-mvs.html
In the east of Turkey occurred an earthquake of magnitude 4.6
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724571-na-shodi-tureccini-stavsa-zemletrus-magnitudou-46.html
As a result of the shelling of the Russians of Sumy region, two civilians were killed - father and son
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724536-unaslidok-obstrilu-rosianami-sumsini-zaginuli-dvoe-civilnih-batko-ta-sin.html
The German "Magdeburg" is the winner of the Handball League of Champions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724575-nimeckij-magdeburg-peremozec-gandbolnoi-ligi-cempioniv.html
General Goodges: The best security guarantee for Ukraine is its NATO membership
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724577-general-godzes-najkrasa-garantia-bezpeki-dla-ukraini-ii-clenstvo-v-nato.html
Blinken met with the head of the Foreign Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724578-blinken-zustrivsa-z-glavou-mzs-kitau-govorili-pro-vidnosini-stativ-i-knr-ta-vijnu-v-ukraini.html
Britain will allocate $ 20 million to intensify cyber defense of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3724473-britania-vidilit-20-miljoniv-na-posilenna-kiberzahistu-ukraini.html
Russia conducted rocket launchers in the Black Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724583-rosia-provela-rotaciu-raketonosiiv-u-cornomu-mori.html
President: Our military moving, step by step
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724590-prezident-nasi-vijskovi-ruhautsa-krok-za-krokom-idemo-vpered.html
Russians during the day 33 times fired at Sumy region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724584-rosiani-protagom-dna-33-razi-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
The enemy has not destroyed any patriot in Ukraine - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724589-vorog-ne-znisiv-zodnogo-patriot-v-ukraini-zelenskij.html
Ukraine has set on a path that will lead to the liberation of Crimea - Goodges
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3724588-ukraina-stupila-na-slah-akij-privede-do-vizvolenna-krimu-godzes.html
Zelensky announced new important communications with weapons partners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724593-zelenskij-anonsuvav-novi-vazlivi-komunikacii-z-partnerami-sodo-zbroi.html
Ukraine defeated Northern Macedonia in Golden Euroliz from Volleyball
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724591-ukraina-peremogla-pivnicnu-makedoniu-u-zolotij-evrolizi-z-volejbolu.html
Russians are changing private land in Zaporozhye
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724552-rosiani-minuut-privatni-zemelni-dilanki-na-zaporizzi.html
President: Russia will lose captured Ukrainian territories
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724592-prezident-rosia-vtracatime-zahopleni-ukrainski-teritorii.html
At the beginning of the week in Ukraine there is heat, in some areas - rains
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724467-v-ukraini-na-pocatku-tizna-utrimaetsa-spekotna-pogoda-z-dosami-v-deakih-oblastah.html
The number of dead as a result of the Kakhovsky Dams blast increased to 17 - MIA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724570-kilkist-zagiblih-unaslidok-pidrivu-kahovskoi-grebli-zrosla-do-17-mvs.html
As a result of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station - 16 dead, 31 people are still looking
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/unaslidok-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-16-zagyblyh-31-osobu-shhe-shukayut/
Water quality monitoring in emergency zone: Pollutants have been detected
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/monitoryng-yakosti-vody-u-zoni-nadzvychajnoyi-sytuacziyi-cherez-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges/
The CPD told about the unsuccessful example of "neutral journalism" of the French TV channel TF-1
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/czpd-rozpoviv-pro-nevdalyj-pryklad-nejtralnoyi-zhurnalistyky-franczuzkogo-telekanalu-tf-1/
Rashist complains of sister about loss and desertion - intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/paczan%d1%8b-v-otpusk-sobyralys-gulyaly-snaryad-vletel-2-200-h-vot-sejchas-mamkam-otpravyat-dvuh-chelovek-perehoplennya-gur/
In the east of Turkey occurred an earthquake of magnitude 4.6
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724571-na-shodi-tureccini-stavsa-zemletrus-magnitudou-46.html
The enemy has a minus three management points, five ammunition warehouses and two SDIs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/u-voroga-minus-try-punkty-upravlinnya-pyat-skladiv-z-boyeprypasamy-ta-dva-zrk/
Last day Rashists tried to step on but all their attacks were reflected
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/mynuloyi-doby-rashysty-namagalysya-nastupaty-ale-vsi-yih-ataky-bulo-vidbyto/
Two shock helicopters and 12 UAVs are destroyed - air forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/znyshheno-dva-udarni-vertoloty-ta-12-bpla/
650 occupiers were eliminated, 23 BBM and 13 artisystems were destroyed - enemy losses per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/650-okupantiv-likvidovano-znyshheno-23-bbm-i-13-artsystem-vtraty-voroga-za-dobu/
Citation on eliminating the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/cytuacziya-shhodo-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-rosijskymy-terorystamy/
As a result of the shelling of the Russians of Sumy region, two civilians were killed - father and son
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724536-unaslidok-obstrilu-rosianami-sumsini-zaginuli-dvoe-civilnih-batko-ta-sin.html
UNDP is accumulating $ 1 billion on the restoration of Ukraine - Denis Shmigal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/proon-nakopychuye-1-milyard-na-vidnovlennya-ukrayiny-denys-shmygal/
“My dad is a hero!”: Today in Ukraine celebrates Father's Day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/mij-tatus-geroj-sogodni-v-ukrayini-den-batka/
No matter how much helicopters have thrown here, we will destroy them - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/skilky-b-rosiya-ne-perekydala-syudy-vertolotiv-my-budemo-yih-znyshhuvaty-yurij-ignat/
During the day of the Pyrotechnics of the SES, more than 500 explosive items were disposed of
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-510-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
Together with western aircraft we will get all the necessary infrastructure for their service - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/razom-iz-zahidnymy-litakamy-my-otrymayemo-j-usyu-neobhidnu-infrastrukturu-dlya-yih-obslugovuvannya-yurij-ignat/
The German "Magdeburg" is the winner of the Handball League of Champions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724575-nimeckij-magdeburg-peremozec-gandbolnoi-ligi-cempioniv.html
The Tavriysk Defense Forces continue counter -offensive actions, 141 occupants were destroyed per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/syly-oborony-tavrijskogo-napryamku-prodovzhuyut-kontrnastupalni-diyi-za-dobu-znyshheno-141-okupanta/
Over the past day, the aggressor fired at 9 regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/za-mynulu-dobu-agresor-obstrilyav-9-oblastej-ukrayiny/
Minireintegration: Evacuation from the Kakhovsk Catastrophe zone is free
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/minreintegracziyi-evakuacziya-iz-zony-kahovskoyi-katastrofy-ye-bezkoshtovnoyu/
In the Tavriysk direction, the defenders captured four BMP-2, armored personnel carrier and Rom enemy-Valery Shershen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-syly-oborony-ukrayiny-zahopyly-chotyry-bmp-2-bronetransporter-ta-rem-voroga-valerij-shershen/
"To every dad on the forefront, he returned home!": Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated the Ukrainians on his father's day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/shhob-kozhen-tato-yakyj-na-peredovij-povernuvsya-dodomu-volodymyr-zelenskyj-pryvitav-ukrayincziv-z-dnem-batka/
The Ministry of Internal Affairs released the advice to the residents of the occupied areas affected by the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/mvs-oprylyudnylo-porady-meshkanczyam-okupovanyh-rajoniv-yaki-postrazhdaly-vid-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
G7 will support Ukraine's transport infrastructure
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/g7-pidtrymaye-vidnovlennya-transportnoyi-infrastruktury-ukrayiny/
Drone border guards beat on the occupants under Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/prykordonnyky-z-droniv-byut-po-okupantah-pid-bahmutom/
General Goodges: The best security guarantee for Ukraine is its NATO membership
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724577-general-godzes-najkrasa-garantia-bezpeki-dla-ukraini-ii-clenstvo-v-nato.html
The consequences of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station are already eliminated by experts from 13 regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/vzhe-200-fahivcziv-z-komunalnyh-pidpryyemstv-13-ty-oblastej-ukrayiny-likvidovuyut-naslidky-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
The soldiers of the enemy army flee from the front - they are wanted
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/voyaky-vorozhoyi-armiyi-tikayut-z-frontu-yih-rozshukuyut-rosgvardijczi/
Development of a plan for reconstruction of communities affected by Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Committee
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/rozpochato-rozrobku-planu-vidbudovy-gromad-postrazhdalyh-vnaslidok-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
A charity event was held in Kiev in support of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/u-kyyevi-vidbuvsya-blagodijnyj-zahid-na-pidtrymku-zsu/
The aggressor holds one rocket launcher in the Black Sea with eight "caliber"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/agresor-trymaye-u-chornomu-mori-odyn-raketonosij-z-vismoma-kalibramy/
In the Dnieper installed a memorial plaque in memory of the fallen "Kholodnoyarivts" Andriy Nikolaychuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/u-dnipri-vstanovyly-memorialnu-doshku-u-pamyat-poleglogo-holodnoyarivczya-andriya-nikolajchuka/
1515 children were injured as a result of armed aggression of the Russian Federation - juvenile prosecutors
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/1515-ditej-postrazhdaly-vnaslidok-povnomasshtabnoyi-zbrojnoyi-agresiyi-rf-yuvenalni-prokurory/
More than 12 thousand tons of water were pumped by rescuers from flooded homes of Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/ponad-12-tys-tonn-vody-vidkachaly-ryatuvalnyky-z-pidtoplenyh-pomeshkan-hersonshhyny/
The water level in the Dnieper near Kherson per day decreased by 33 cm
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/za-dobu-riven-vody-u-dnipri-bilya-hersonu-znyzyvsya-na-33-santymetry/
Blinken met with the head of the Foreign Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724578-blinken-zustrivsa-z-glavou-mzs-kitau-govorili-pro-vidnosini-stativ-i-knr-ta-vijnu-v-ukraini.html
Four directions continue heavy fights
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/na-chotyroh-napryamkah-tryvayut-vazhki-boyi/
The fact that Russians produce from the ZPES is nuclear blackmail
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/te-shho-rosiyany-vyroblyayut-iz-zaes-%e2%80%95-cze-yadernyj-shantazh/
Ukraine, Lithuania and Poland have attracted the attention of the UN member states to Russian misinformation and the language of hostility
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/ukrayina-lytva-ta-polshha-v-oon-pryvernuly-uvagu-krayin-chleniv-oon-do-rosijskoyi-dezinformacziyi-ta-movy-vorozhnechi/
Russian troops once again fired at the border areas of Chernihiv and Sumy regions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/rosijski-vijska-vchergove-obstrilyaly-prykordonni-terytoriyi-chernigivskoyi-ta-sumskoyi-oblastej/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 7 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-7-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
From Kherson to Khmelnytskyi, a "train to victory" arrived
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/z-hersona-na-hmelnychchynu-prybuv-potyag-do-peremogy/
The enemy has made more than 60 shelling from the RSSU, there are victims among civilians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/protyvnyk-zdijsnyv-ponad-60-obstriliv-z-rszv-ye-zhertvy-sered-czyvilnyh/
Military journalists transferred to the front of the amulets from grateful Ukrainians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/vijskovi-zhurnalisty-peredaly-na-front-oberegy-vid-vdyachnyh-ukrayincziv/
Inscience Conference 2023: The largest scientific conference in Ukraine ended
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/inscience-conference-2023-zavershylasya-najbilsha-naukova-konferencziya-v-ukrayini/
Occupant on the loss of Wagner PEC: more than 15 KAMAZ with corpses - trapping GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/okupant-pro-vtraty-chvk-vagner-shhodnya-bilshe-15-ty-kamaziv-z-trupamy-perehoplennya-gur/
The death of a 4-year-old boy and his father as a result of the Sumy Region's shelling-the proceedings have begun
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/zagybel-4-richnogo-hlopchyka-ta-jogo-batka-vnaslidok-artobstrilu-rashystamy-sumshhyny-rozpochato-provadzhennya/
Shot another Russian helicopter Ka-52
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/sogodni-zbyto-shhe-odyn-rosijskyj-gelikopter-ka-52/
The enemy conducted rocket launchers in the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/protyvnyk-proviv-rotacziyu-raketonosiyiv-u-chornomu-mori/
The invaders are changing the land plots of Ukrainians who refuse to passport of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/okupanty-minuyut-zemelni-dilyanky-ukrayincziv-yaki-vidmovlyayutsya-vid-pasporta-rf/
Enemy losses per week: 4180 destroyed occupiers, 505 OWT units
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/vtraty-voroga-za-tyzhden-4180-znyshhenyh-okupantiv-505-odynycz-ozbroyennya-ta-vijskovoyi-tehniky/
Another 23 Ukrainians were evacuated to treatment for foreign clinics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/shhe-23-ukrayincziv-evakujovano-na-likuvannya-do-zakordonnyh-klinik/
Our military is moving, step by step we go forward - the President of Ukraine's appeal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/nashi-vijskovi-ruhayutsya-krok-za-krokom-idemo-vpered-zvernennya-prezydenta-ukrayiny/
Without weekends and rest 13 days, indomitable Ukrainians restore their lives after blasting the Russians of the Kakhovskaya Hydroelectric Power
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/bez-vyhidnyh-ta-perepochynku-13-dib-nezlamni-ukrayinczi-vidnovlyuyut-svoye-zhyttya-pislya-pidryvu-rosiyanamy-kahovskoyi-ges/
The Buchan CNAP will open a "single window" to provide administrators to veterans
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/shhe-odna-gromada-doyednuyetsya-do-proyektu-minveteraniv-iz-zabezpechennya-dostupnyh-ta-yakisnyh-adminposlug-dlya-veteraniv/
Short. War. Day 480. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/korotko-vijna-den-480-videodajdzhest/
Britain will allocate $ 20 million to intensify cyber defense of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3724473-britania-vidilit-20-miljoniv-na-posilenna-kiberzahistu-ukraini.html
In Ukraine, the fake of Russian propaganda was exposed as if Poland "humiliated" a delegation of South Africa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724597-v-ukraini-vikrili-fejk-rospropagandi-nibi-polsa-prinizila-delegaciu-par.html
There are less than a thousand residents left in the city of Yar in Donetsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724594-u-misti-casiv-ar-na-doneccini-zalisilosa-mense-tisaci-meskanciv.html
There are less than a thousand residents left in the city of Yar in Donetsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724594-u-misti-casiv-ar-na-doneccini-zalisilosa-mense-tisaci-meskanciv.html
In Ukraine, the fake of Russian propaganda was exposed as if Poland "humiliated" a delegation of South Africa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724597-v-ukraini-vikrili-fejk-rospropagandi-nibi-polsa-prinizila-delegaciu-par.html
Borrel in Egypt: Ukrainians want peace more than anyone in the world
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724599-borrel-u-egipti-ukrainci-hocut-miru-bilse-za-budkogo-u-sviti.html
Brigade Aerospace found enemy targets that later destroyed artillery
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/19/brygadna-aerorozvidka-vyyavyla-vorozhi-czili-vognevi-artylerijski-grupy-brygady-uspishno-yih-znyshhyly/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====