乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-04-01

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

Spain will send the first six Leopard 2A4 tanks to Ukraine after Easter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/ispaniya-vidpravyt-pershi-shist-tankiv-leopard-2a4-v-ukrayinu-pislya-velykodnya/
Three racists who raped a woman in the Kyiv region during the occupation, reported suspicion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/trom-rashystam-yaki-pid-chas-okupacziyi-gvaltuvaly-zhinku-na-kyyivshhyni-povidomleno-pro-pidozru/
Russian parody on McDonald's was unprofitable in the first year of work
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/rosijska-parodiya-na-mcdonalds-vyyavylasya-zbytkovoyu-u-pershyj-zhe-rik-roboty/
The Cabinet approved the provision of business grants from the territories of possible hostilities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/kabmin-shvalyv-nadannya-grantiv-biznesu-z-terytorij-mozhlyvyh-bojovyh-dij/
The Center for Combating Misinformation revealed manipulations that were spread by the occupiers during the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/czentr-protydiyi-dezinformacziyi-vyyavyv-yaki-manipulyacziyi-okupanty-poshyryly-30-bereznya/
On Belarus, the next anti -record was recorded by the number of employed in the economy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/na-bilorusi-zafiksuvaly-chergovyj-antyrekord-za-kilkistyu-zajnyatyh-v-ekonomiczi/
The efforts of the Russian Federation to attach Ukrainians to the so -called "humanitarian" missions - another act of hostile propaganda
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/namagannya-rf-doluchyty-ukrayincziv-do-tak-zvanyh-gumanitarnyh-misij-chergovyj-akt-vorozhoyi-propagandy/
Our warriors have repelled over 80 enemy attacks during the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/nashi-voyiny-protyagom-doby-vidbyly-ponad-80-vorozhyh-atak/
The Defense Forces of Ukraine neutralized 9 hostile UAV "Shahaned-136"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/syly-oborony-ukrayiny-zneshkodyly-9-vorozhyh-bpla-shahed-136/
Ukrainian artillerymen struck the management point and 6 areas of focus of enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/ukrayinski-artylerysty-vrazyly-punkt-upravlinnya-ta-6-rajoniv-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
Ukraine presented an updated guide for veterans "invisible consequences of war"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/v-ukrayini-prezentuvaly-onovlenyj-dovidnyk-dlya-veteraniv-nevydymi-naslidky-vijny/
Defense forces eliminated nearly 500 invaders in a day, destroyed 5 tanks and 9 UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/syly-oborony-likviduvaly-za-dobu-majzhe-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-5-tankiv-i-9-bpla/
45 OSCE countries initiated the investigation into the abduction of Russian children - Dmytro Kuleba
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/45-krayin-obsye-inicziyuvaly-rozsliduvannya-shhodo-vykradennya-rf-ukrayinskyh-ditej-dmytro-kuleba/
Alexei Reznikov met with the EU Committee on Policy and Security Committee
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/oleksij-reznikov-proviv-zustrich-iz-delegacziyeyu-komitetu-yes-z-pytan-polityky-ta-bezpeky/
In Bakhmut, time plays against the enemy - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/u-bahmuti-chas-graye-proty-voroga-ganna-malyar/
Military doctors got a 30-mm projectile and saved the life of a serviceman
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/vijskovi-medyky-distaly-30-mm-snaryad-ta-vryatuvaly-zhyttya-vijskovosluzhbovczyu/
The diplomatic format of relations with the Russian Federation is possible only after the withdrawal of all Russian troops from the territory of Ukraine and with the participation of partner states-Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/03/31/dyplomatychnyj-format-vidnosyn-iz-rf-mozhlyvyj-lyshe-pislya-vyvedennya-vsih-rosijskyh-vijsk-iz-terytoriyi-ukrayiny-j-za-uchastyu-derzhav-partneriv-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Zelensky has imposed sanctions against Bogslaev and a number of individuals and legal entities from Russia and Iran
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690307-zelenskij-vviv-sankcii-proti-boguslaeva-ta-nizki-fizicnih-ta-uridicnih-osib-z-rosii-ta-iranu.html
Barcelona defeated La League in Elche Outsider
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690439-barselona-rozgromila-autsajdera-la-ligi-v-elce.html
Russia left scars in Bucha, but Putin did not break the will of Ukrainians - Yermak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690260-rosia-zalisila-srami-u-buci-ale-putin-ne-zlamav-volu-ukrainciv-ermak.html
The Russians in the framework of the "big offensive" failed to accomplish Putin - Yusov's task by April by April
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690256-rosiani-u-ramkah-velikogo-nastupu-ne-zumili-do-kvitna-vikonati-zavdanna-putina-usov.html
Ukraine and Slovakia continued the effect of increased guaranteed capacities for gas imports
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690241-ukraina-i-slovaccina-prodovzili-diu-zbilsenih-garantovanih-potuznostej-dla-importu-gazu.html
UPL called the contenders for the best football player and coach in February-March
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690257-upl-nazvala-pretendentiv-na-krasogo-futbolista-i-trenera-u-lutomuberezni.html
Yermak met with the President of the International Gymnastics Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690436-ermak-zustrivsa-z-prezidentom-miznarodnoi-federacii-gimnastiki.html
In Ukraine tomorrow will rain, in the afternoon up to 12 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690324-v-ukraini-zavtra-dositime-vden-do-12.html
We know who will play Svitolin at the Charleston Tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690431-vidomo-z-kim-zigrae-svitolina-na-turniri-u-carlstoni.html
Ukrenergo's head named four preparation components by next winter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690430-golova-ukrenergo-nazvav-cotiri-komponenti-pidgotovki-do-nastupnoi-zimi.html
Translator for an English -language version of the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3677239-ukrinform-vidkrivae-vakansiu-perekladaca-dla-anglomovnoi-versii-sajtu.html
Khizhnyak won the boxing tournament in Lithuania
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690428-hiznak-vigrav-bokserskij-turnir-u-litvi.html
The General Staff of the Armed Forces congratulated the Air Force of Britain on the 105th anniversary of creation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690427-genstab-zsu-privitav-povitrani-sili-britanii-zi-105u-ricniceu-stvorenna.html
The Russians fired two communities in Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690424-rosiani-obstrilali-dvi-gromadi-na-sumsini.html
Ukrainian Zakhareev became the winner of boxing tournament in Kaunas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690423-ukrainec-zahareev-vigrav-bokserskij-turnir-u-litvi.html
Zelensky told about a week of positive news to protect Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690418-zelenskij-rozpoviv-pro-tizden-pozitivnih-novin-dla-zahistu-ukraini.html
APL: "Chelsea" gave way to "Aston Willy"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690420-apl-celsi-postupivsa-aston-villi.html
The court sent the Metropolitan of UOC -MP Paul under house arrest for 60 days
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690409-sud-vidpraviv-mitropolita-upc-mp-pavla-pid-domasnij-arest-na-60-dib.html
In Mariupol, invaders are intensely patrol the streets: looking for participants in the resistance movement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690263-u-mariupoli-zagarbniki-posileno-patruluut-vulici-sukaut-ucasnikiv-ruhu-sprotivu.html
President: Systemic responsibility for the deportation of children from Ukraine is expected for Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690416-prezident-na-rosiu-ocikue-sistemna-vidpovidalnist-na-deportaciu-ditej-z-ukraini.html
US Congress agreed to sell Poland 800 hellfire missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690414-kongres-ssa-pogodivsa-prodati-polsi-800-raket-hellfire.html
The presidency of Russia in the UN Council proves bankruptcy institutions - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3690413-golovuvanna-rosii-v-radbezi-oon-dovodit-bankrutstvo-institucii-zelenskij.html
Ukraine plans to become a Europe's hub in renewable energy development
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690309-ukraina-planue-stati-habom-evropi-u-rozvitku-vidnovluvanoi-energetiki.html
FHU named the best players of the Ukrainian Championship 2022/23
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690410-fhu-nazvala-najkrasih-gravciv-cempionatu-ukraini-202223.html
In Ternopil, almost half a million hryvnias were collected for Azov trucks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690408-u-ternopoli-zibrali-majze-piv-miljona-griven-na-vantazivki-dla-azovu.html
Zelensky has imposed sanctions against more than 650 individuals and legal entities working on Russian aggression
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690406-zelenskij-vviv-sankcii-proti-bils-ak-650-fizicnih-i-uridicnih-osib-aki-pracuut-na-agresiu-rf.html
A law on e-residents began to be in force in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3690402-v-ukraini-pocav-diati-zakon-pro-erezidentstvo.html
Today the terrorist state began to preside in the UN Council-Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690401-sogodni-derzavaterorist-pocala-golovuvati-v-radbezi-oon-zelenskij.html
"Prometheus" in the second match of the quarterfinals of the Latvian-Estonian league gave way
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690398-prometej-u-drugomu-matci-cvertfinalu-latvijskoestonskoi-ligi-postupivsa-vijmsi.html
A resident of Kharkiv region who exploded on a stretch was hospitalized with selling wounds
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690397-zitela-harkivsini-akij-pidirvavsa-na-roztazci-gospitalizuvali-z-oskolkovimi-poranennami.html
In an accident with a truck in Odesa region the couple was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690438-u-dtp-z-vantazivkou-na-odesini-zaginulo-podruzza.html
AT LIMAN DIRETIIN RUSSIAN Army Shelled Neske, Chervonopopivka, Dibrova, Bigorivka of the Meadow ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4384
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Kamyanka, phonolivka, Masivka, Sinkivka, Krokhmal ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4383
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Baranivka of Chernihiv re...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4382
Security Service of Ukraine conducted counter-intelligence, search and security operations ag...
https://t.me/SBUkr/7783
82 person wounded as result of Russian missile strike with Iskander-M in Zaporizhzhia yesterday
https://t.me/liganet/25704
1 person killed as result of Russian shelling in Dvorichna
https://t.me/suspilnenews/19659
1 person killed in Russian shelling in Kherson, one more wounded in Kozatske
https://t.me/channel24_ua/83056
Donetsk Oblast(14:21). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42381
President Zelensky had a phone call with President Macron
https://t.me/V_Zelenskiy_official/5705
Zaporizka Oblast(15:34). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42383
During the day, Russian troops fired eight regions of Ukraine - erection of ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690191-za-dobu-rosijski-vijska-obstrilali-visim-oblastej-ukraini-zvedenna-ova.html
An exhibition of paintings of the dead volunteer Artem Azarov opened in Kharkiv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3690192-u-harkovi-vidkrilasa-vistavka-kartin-zagiblogo-dobrovolca-artema-azarova.html
The SBU presented the suspicion of the Metropolitan of the UOC -MP Paul
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690193-sbu-vrucila-pidozru-mitropolitu-upc-mp-pavlu.html
In March, the State Property Fund attracted more than ₴ 627 million from privatization auctions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690232-u-berezni-fond-derzmajna-zaluciv-ponad-627-miljoniv-vid-privatizacijnih-aukcioniv.html
Transport checks at checkpoints in Kiev: police gave clarification
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3690197-perevirki-transportu-na-blokpostah-u-kievi-policia-dala-rozasnenna.html
Russia has failed autumn mobilization and "winter offensive" - Britain intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690202-rosia-provalila-osinnu-mobilizaciu-ta-zimovij-nastup-rozvidka-britanii.html
Ukrainians have warned from the use of Russian chatbots to search for prisoners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690212-ukrainciv-zasteregli-vid-vikoristanna-rosijskih-catbotiv-dla-posuku-polonenih.html
The invaders dismantle the destroyed houses in the Mariupol Seaside District
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690209-zagarbniki-demontuut-zrujnovani-budinki-v-primorskomu-rajoni-mariupola.html
In Nikolaev, two more points of extraction of purified water were launched
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690214-u-mikolaevi-zapracuvali-se-dvi-tocki-vidaci-ocisenoi-vodi.html
Zaporizka Oblast(17:23). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42385
The Armed Forces received another 10 SUVs for the destruction of air purposes - Naev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690216-zsu-otrimali-se-10-pozaslahovikiv-dla-znisenna-povitranih-cilej-naev.html
Bucha can be a place of court over Russian military criminals - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3690218-buca-moze-buti-miscem-sudu-nad-rosijskimi-voennimi-zlocincami-smigal.html
The Armed Forces destroyed Russian saboteurs in the south
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690219-zsu-znisili-na-pivdni-coven-rosijskih-diversantiv-i-polovij-punkt-boepripasiv.html
Russian aviation conducted 2 missiles strikes against Avdiivka
https://t.me/ermaka2022/2349
The enemy struck six settlements of Donetsk region - the police showed the consequences
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690222-vorog-zavdav-udariv-po-sesti-naselenih-punktah-doneccini-e-zertvi.html
Donetsk Oblast, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(18:00). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sound...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42389
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(18:01). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42390
In Crimea, there are almost no those who want to join the PVC - Chubarov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3690227-u-krimu-majze-nema-ohocih-vstupiti-do-pvk-cubarov.html
In the Kherson region, an electrician who was blown up on a mini died on the eve
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690231-na-hersonsini-pomer-elektromonter-akij-naperedodni-pidirvavsa-na-mini.html
Rescuers warn of significant avalanche danger in the mountains
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690235-ratuvalniki-poperedzaut-pro-znacnu-lavinnu-nebezpeku-u-gorah.html
The National Bank has switched to a new generation electronic payment system
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690237-nacbank-perejsov-na-sistemu-elektronnih-plateziv-novogo-pokolinna.html
Ukrainian troops have restored positions in Bakhmut - ISW
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690238-ukrainski-vijska-vidnovili-pozicii-v-rajoni-bahmuta-isw.html
Zelenskaya told about the principles of healthy nutrition of children during the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690239-zelenska-rozpovila-pro-principi-zdorovogo-harcuvanna-ditej-pid-cas-vijni.html
NBA: Mikhailuk scored 16 points in Charlotte's match against Chicago
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690244-nba-mihajluk-nabrav-16-ocok-u-matci-sarlott-proti-cikago.html
The Prosecutor's Office asks for a house arrest for the Metropolitan of UOC MP Paul - Source
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690245-prokuratura-prosit-domasnij-arest-dla-mitropolita-upc-mp-pavla-dzerelo.html
Missile blow to Zaporizhzhia: In the City Council declared more than 80 damaged homes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690251-raketnij-udar-po-zaporizzu-u-miskradi-zaavili-pro-ponad-80-poskodzenih-budinkiv.html
Suspicion of the Metropolitan of UOC MP Pavel: The Security Service revealed details
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690250-pidozra-mitropolitu-upc-mp-pavlu-u-sbu-rozkrili-detali.html
Marusyak set a record of Ukraine on the World Cup on jumps from the springboard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690252-marusak-vstanoviv-rekord-ukraini-na-kubku-svitu-zi-stribkiv-z-tramplina.html
In Chernihiv region weakened restrictions on the sale of alcohol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690253-na-cernigivsini-poslabili-obmezenna-na-prodaz-alkogolu.html
There is no shortage of individual drugs: Lyashko assured that all medicines are in warehouses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690255-deficitu-okremih-preparativ-nemae-lasko-zapevniv-so-vsi-liki-e-na-skladah.html
UPL called the contenders for the best football player and coach in February-March
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690257-upl-nazvala-pretendentiv-na-krasogo-futbolista-i-trenera-u-lutomuberezni.html
Ukraine and Slovakia continued the effect of increased guaranteed capacities for gas imports
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690241-ukraina-i-slovaccina-prodovzili-diu-zbilsenih-garantovanih-potuznostej-dla-importu-gazu.html
The Russians in the framework of the "big offensive" failed to accomplish Putin - Yusov's task by April by April
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690256-rosiani-u-ramkah-velikogo-nastupu-ne-zumili-do-kvitna-vikonati-zavdanna-putina-usov.html
Russia left scars in Bucha, but Putin did not break the will of Ukrainians - Yermak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690260-rosia-zalisila-srami-u-buci-ale-putin-ne-zlamav-volu-ukrainciv-ermak.html
Electricity generation fully provides consumer needs - Galushchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690265-generacia-elektroenergii-povnistu-zabezpecue-potrebi-spozivaciv-galusenko.html
Pope was discharged from hospital
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690266-papu-rimskogo-vipisali-z-likarni.html
The first issue of military chaplains took place in Sofia of Kyiv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3690267-u-sofii-kiivskij-vidbuvsa-persij-vipusk-vijskovih-kapelaniv.html
Tkachenko, along with the "Cultural Treatment", visited the defenders of Donetsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3690269-tkacenko-razom-iz-kulturnim-desantom-vidvidav-zahisnikiv-doneccini.html
The number of rocket strokes on the cemetery in Zaporozhye increased to five
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690270-kilkist-postrazdalih-vid-raketnogo-udaru-po-kladovisu-v-zaporizzi-zrosla-do-pati.html
Lyashko about control over the sale of medicines: remains what was before April 1
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690273-lasko-pro-kontrol-nad-prodazem-likiv-zalisaetsa-te-so-bulo-do-1-kvitna.html
Kyiv court arrested Metropolit Pavel of Moscow Orthodox Church for 2 months
https://t.me/liganet/25722
"Ingulets" snatched victory over "Mine" in the starting game of the 19th round of UPL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690275-ingulec-virvav-peremogu-nad-minaem-u-startovij-gri-19go-turu-upl.html
Zaluzhny showed how the Armed Forces from British guns destroyed the Russian "spear"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690276-zaluznij-pokazav-ak-zsu-z-britanskih-garmat-znisili-rosijskij-spis.html
The enemy fired at Kharkiv region, there is a dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690277-vorog-obstrilav-harkivsinu-e-zagiblij.html
Scientists have made a new detailed map Mars thanks to the Oae probe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3690278-uceni-zrobili-novu-detalizovanu-mapu-marsa-zavdaki-zondu-z-oae.html
Defense forces destroyed in the Bakhmut direction 162 invaders - Cherry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690274-sili-oboroni-znisili-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-162-zagarbnikiv-cerevatij.html
In Luhansk region, invaders do not stop firing Nevskoye, wounded woman
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690280-na-lugansini-zagarbniki-ne-pripinaut-obstriluvati-nevske-poranena-zinka.html
At the border with Belarus provocation is not recorded, the situation under control - Naev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690283-na-pivnicnomu-kordoni-vorozi-provokacii-ne-zafiksovani-situacia-pid-kontrolem-naev.html
In Slavyansk, because of bad weather, high -rise and 260 private households
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690288-u-slovansku-cerez-negodu-znestrumleni-bagatopoverhivki-ta-260-privatnih-domovolodin.html
The nominal GDP of Ukraine in five years will reach ₴ 10.5 trillion - the IMF
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690289-nominalnij-vvp-ukraini-za-pat-rokiv-sagne-105-triljona-mvf.html
More than 90 people were evacuated from Deoocupopomen Kherson region a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690293-iz-deokupovanoi-hersonsini-za-dobu-evakuuvali-ponad-90-ludej.html
In Ukraine, about 470 thousand hectares of agricultural land - SESS are required
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690295-v-ukraini-potrebuut-rozminuvanna-blizko-470-tisac-gektariv-silgospugid-dsns.html
The Armed Forces was liquidated by a group of saboteurs in the community near Kharkiv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690298-zsu-likviduvali-grupu-diversantiv-u-gromadi-pid-harkovom.html
UPL: The Metalist has parted peace with "Kolos"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690300-upl-metalist-rozijsovsa-mirom-z-kolosom.html
Schmigal told the history of the village in Chernihiv region, which meets the anniversary of release from occupation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690302-smigal-rozpoviv-istoriu-sela-na-cernigivsini-ake-zustricae-ricnicu-zvilnenna-vid-okupacii.html
Ukraine expects the UN General Assembly of the resolution to punish Russia for the crime of aggression - Yermak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3690303-ukraina-ocikue-vid-genasamblei-oon-rezolucii-iz-zaklikom-pokarati-rosiu-za-zlocin-agresii-ermak.html
In Melitopol through the Terror of the invaders from the hospital window jumped out a guy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690305-u-melitopoli-cerez-teror-zagarbnikiv-iz-vikna-likarni-vistribnuv-hlopec.html
The Russians hit Kherson and the region, killed civilian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690308-rosiani-vdarili-po-hersonu-ta-oblasti-zaginuv-civilnij.html
The first Swiss tram tram 2000 was sent to Vinnitsa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690310-u-vinnicu-dopravili-persij-svejcarskij-tramvaj-tram-2000.html
Volunteers will continue to have access to medicines for the military - NSAU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690314-volonteri-j-nadali-matimut-dostup-do-likiv-dla-vijskovih-nszu.html
Dzhokovich will again lead the list of the best tennis players
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690321-dzokovic-znovu-ocolit-spisok-najkrasih-tenisistiv.html
Finland should become a NATO member in the coming weeks - the Foreign Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690318-finlandia-mae-stati-clenom-nato-najblizcimi-tiznami-glava-mzs.html
The Shevchenkivsky District Court of Kiev will continue to choose a measure of restraint of Metropolitan Pavel on Monday
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690325-sevcenkivskij-rajsud-kieva-u-ponedilok-prodovzit-obirati-zapobiznij-zahid-mitropolitu-pavlu.html
UPL: Kryvbas won "Heather"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690328-upl-krivbas-peremig-veres.html
Seitablaev declared work on a big project about the forces of Taroboron
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3690329-seitablaev-zaaviv-pro-robotu-nad-velikim-proektom-pro-sili-teroboroni.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
In Kharkiv, a man exploded on an explosive device in his yard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690332-na-harkivsini-colovik-pidirvavsa-na-vibuhovomu-pristroi-u-svoemu-dvori.html
The forces of Terroborons began based on NATO standards "Capital Schools"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690335-sili-teroboroni-rozpocali-zasnovanij-na-standartah-nato-kurs-viskil-kapitaniv.html
The Russians fired at the border of Chernihiv and Sumy region three times - 14 "arrivals"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690338-rosiani-trici-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini-i-sumsini-14-prilotiv.html
Diaspora held an action on the anniversary of Bucha's release near Shevchenko's monument in Skopje
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3690339-diaspora-provela-akciu-u-ricnicu-zvilnenna-buci-bila-pamatnika-sevcenku-u-skope.html
In Uzhgorod, the All -Ukrainian Judo Tournament started
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690344-v-uzgorodi-startuvav-vseukrainskij-turnir-z-dzudo.html
In Ecuador there was a landslide of soil - at least 23 dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690352-v-ekvadori-stavsa-zsuvu-gruntu-sonajmense-23-zagiblih.html
A conference on military surgery with the participation of Ukrainian representatives was opened in Riga
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690349-u-rizi-vidkrilasa-konferencia-z-vijskovoi-hirurgii-za-ucastu-ukrainskih-predstavnikiv.html
Alexandria defeated Vorskla in UPL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690350-oleksandria-rozgromila-vorsklu-v-upl.html
Moravetsky told about the order of 100 APC Rosomak for the Armed Forces of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690351-moraveckij-rozpoviv-pro-zamovlenna-100-btr-rosomak-dla-zbrojnih-sil-ukraini.html
Japan abolished the evacuation order in the area near Fukushima-1 NPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690353-aponia-skasuvala-nakaz-pro-evakuaciu-u-castini-rajonu-poblizu-aes-fukusima1.html
Kuleba urged not to let Moscow abuse the chairman of the UN Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3690355-kuleba-zaklikav-ne-dati-moskvi-zlovzivati-golovuvannam-u-radbezi-oon.html
A well -known fighter with the Mujahide call sign was killed in the Bakhmut direction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690358-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-zaginuv-vidomij-boec-iz-pozivnim-modzahed.html
A rally against the UOC-MP passes near the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3690361-bila-kievopecerskoi-lavri-prohodit-miting-proti-upc-mp.html
The number of tornado victims in the US has increased to 11
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690366-kilkist-zertv-tornado-u-ssa-zrosla-do-11.html
More than 3,000 electronic recipes have already been discharged in Ukraine on April 1
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690369-v-ukraini-1-kvitna-vze-vipisali-ponad-3-tisaci-elektronnih-receptiv.html
The court agreed the forced drive of the Metropolitan of the UOC -MP Paul at the evening session
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690374-sud-pogodiv-primusovij-privid-mitropolita-upc-mp-pavla-na-vecirne-zasidanna.html
In Rivne the artist started an indefinite charity marathon - they collect money for the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690373-u-rivnomu-mitci-rozpocali-bezstrokovij-blagodijnij-marafon.html
The army of the Russian Federation hit the missiles on Avdiivka
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690376-armia-rf-vdarila-raketami-po-avdiivci.html
Vereshchuk is on a working trip in Kherson region: what on the agenda
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690379-veresuk-perebuvae-z-robocim-vizitom-na-hersonsini-so-na-poradku-dennomu.html
The Armed Forces reflected more than 50 enemy attacks a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690382-vorog-namagaetsa-nastupati-na-cotiroh-napramkah-zsu-za-den-vidbili-ponad-50-atak.html
The court chooses a measure of restraint of the Metropolitan of UOC -MP Paul
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690385-sud-obirae-zapobiznij-zahid-mitropolitu-upc-mp-pavlu.html
Ukrainian Kazimirov became a bronze medalist of the Grand Slam of Judo in Turkey
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690387-ukrainec-kazimirov-stav-bronzovim-prizerom-serii-grand-slam-iz-dzudo-u-tureccini.html
Reznikov met with Slovak's Defense Minister - Talked about the operation of weapons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690386-reznikov-zustrivsa-z-ministrom-oboroni-slovaccini-govorili-pro-ekspluataciu-zbroi.html
Sweden congratulated Finland with the completion of the ratification procedure for NATO entry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690394-svecia-privitala-finlandiu-iz-zaversennam-proceduri-ratifikacii-vstupu-do-nato.html
NBU raised the long -term liquidity standard for banks up to 100%
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690396-nbu-pidnav-normativ-dovgostrokovoi-likvidnosti-dla-bankiv-do-100.html
A resident of Kharkiv region who exploded on a stretch was hospitalized with selling wounds
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690397-zitela-harkivsini-akij-pidirvavsa-na-roztazci-gospitalizuvali-z-oskolkovimi-poranennami.html
"Prometheus" in the second match of the quarterfinals of the Latvian-Estonian league gave way
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690398-prometej-u-drugomu-matci-cvertfinalu-latvijskoestonskoi-ligi-postupivsa-vijmsi.html
Today the terrorist state began to preside in the UN Council-Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690401-sogodni-derzavaterorist-pocala-golovuvati-v-radbezi-oon-zelenskij.html
A law on e-residents began to be in force in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3690402-v-ukraini-pocav-diati-zakon-pro-erezidentstvo.html
Zelensky has imposed sanctions against more than 650 individuals and legal entities working on Russian aggression
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690406-zelenskij-vviv-sankcii-proti-bils-ak-650-fizicnih-i-uridicnih-osib-aki-pracuut-na-agresiu-rf.html
In Ternopil, almost half a million hryvnias were collected for Azov trucks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690408-u-ternopoli-zibrali-majze-piv-miljona-griven-na-vantazivki-dla-azovu.html
FHU named the best players of the Ukrainian Championship 2022/23
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690410-fhu-nazvala-najkrasih-gravciv-cempionatu-ukraini-202223.html
Ukraine plans to become a Europe's hub in renewable energy development
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690309-ukraina-planue-stati-habom-evropi-u-rozvitku-vidnovluvanoi-energetiki.html
The presidency of Russia in the UN Council proves bankruptcy institutions - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3690413-golovuvanna-rosii-v-radbezi-oon-dovodit-bankrutstvo-institucii-zelenskij.html
US Congress agreed to sell Poland 800 hellfire missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3690414-kongres-ssa-pogodivsa-prodati-polsi-800-raket-hellfire.html
President: Systemic responsibility for the deportation of children from Ukraine is expected for Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690416-prezident-na-rosiu-ocikue-sistemna-vidpovidalnist-na-deportaciu-ditej-z-ukraini.html
In Mariupol, invaders are intensely patrol the streets: looking for participants in the resistance movement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690263-u-mariupoli-zagarbniki-posileno-patruluut-vulici-sukaut-ucasnikiv-ruhu-sprotivu.html
The court sent the Metropolitan of UOC -MP Paul under house arrest for 60 days
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690409-sud-vidpraviv-mitropolita-upc-mp-pavla-pid-domasnij-arest-na-60-dib.html
APL: "Chelsea" gave way to "Aston Willy"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690420-apl-celsi-postupivsa-aston-villi.html
Zelensky told about a week of positive news to protect Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690418-zelenskij-rozpoviv-pro-tizden-pozitivnih-novin-dla-zahistu-ukraini.html
Ukrainian Zakhareev became the winner of boxing tournament in Kaunas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690423-ukrainec-zahareev-vigrav-bokserskij-turnir-u-litvi.html
The Russians fired two communities in Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690424-rosiani-obstrilali-dvi-gromadi-na-sumsini.html
The General Staff of the Armed Forces congratulated the Air Force of Britain on the 105th anniversary of creation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3690427-genstab-zsu-privitav-povitrani-sili-britanii-zi-105u-ricniceu-stvorenna.html
Khizhnyak won the boxing tournament in Lithuania
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690428-hiznak-vigrav-bokserskij-turnir-u-litvi.html
Translator for an English -language version of the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3677239-ukrinform-vidkrivae-vakansiu-perekladaca-dla-anglomovnoi-versii-sajtu.html
Ukrenergo's head named four preparation components by next winter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3690430-golova-ukrenergo-nazvav-cotiri-komponenti-pidgotovki-do-nastupnoi-zimi.html
We know who will play Svitolin at the Charleston Tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690431-vidomo-z-kim-zigrae-svitolina-na-turniri-u-carlstoni.html
In Ukraine tomorrow will rain, in the afternoon up to 12 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690324-v-ukraini-zavtra-dositime-vden-do-12.html
Yermak met with the President of the International Gymnastics Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690436-ermak-zustrivsa-z-prezidentom-miznarodnoi-federacii-gimnastiki.html
Barcelona defeated La League in Elche Outsider
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3690439-barselona-rozgromila-autsajdera-la-ligi-v-elce.html
In an accident with a truck in Odesa region the couple was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690438-u-dtp-z-vantazivkou-na-odesini-zaginulo-podruzza.html
Definition of the concept of "cyberwar" will allow the occupants to be held accountable
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/s-demedyuk-vyznachennya-ponyattya-kibervijna-spryyatyme-prytyagnennyu-do-vidpovidalnosti-tyh-hto-chynyt-voyenni-zlochyny-proty-ukrayiny-ne-stupayuchy-na-yiyi-zemlyu/
Dmytro Kuleba urged Britain to refuse the visas to the athletes of the Russian Federation and Belarus
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/dmytro-kuleba-zaklykav-brytaniyu-vidmovyty-u-vizah-sportsmenam-rf-ta-bilorusi/
Prime Minister of Ukraine met with the head of the Slovak government
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/premyer-ministr-ukrayiny-proviv-zustrich-iz-glavoyu-uryadu-slovachchyny/
In Avdiivka, the army of the Russian Federation killed a 5-month-old infant and his grandmother-the proceedings were launched
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/u-avdiyivczi-armiya-rf-vbyla-5-misyachne-nemovlya-ta-jogo-babusyu-rozpochato-provadzhennya/
On the initiative of the organization "Women made of steel" a meeting with native prisoners of war took place
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/za-inicziatyvy-organizacziyi-zhinky-zi-stali-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-ridnymy-vijskovopolonenyh/
On a fool's day in Russia, a call for conscript service to the army began
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/u-den-durnya-v-rosiyi-rozpochavsya-pryzov-na-strokovu-sluzhbu-do-armiyi/
Ukrainian Flights ’ Businesses do not receive proper medical care in the prisons of the Russian Federation - Lubinets
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/ukrayinski-politvyazni-ne-otrymuyut-nalezhnoyi-medychnoyi-dopomogy-v-tyurmah-rf-lubinecz/
9 NFF participants will be judged by the torture of civilians in Kherson region, including the SBU exquisite
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/za-katuvannya-czyvilnyh-na-hersonshhyni-sudytymut-9-uchasnykiv-nzf-sered-yakyh-eksgolova-sbu/
Aviation of Defense Forces over the past day has made 10 beats in the areas of focus of occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-mynulu-dobu-zavdala-10-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv/
Our defenders repelled 70 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/nashi-zahysnyky-vidbyly-70-vorozhyh-atak/
In the Luhansk region, the racists select apartments from people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/na-luganshhyni-rashysty-vidbyrayut-kvartyry-u-lyudej/
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated 630 invaders and destroyed 8 artistem
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-570-okupantiv-znyshhyly-8-artsystem/
Lithuania continues to support Ukraine in the transformation of the military education system
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/lytva-prodovzhuye-pidtrymuvaty-ukrayinu-u-pytannyah-transformacziyi-systemy-vijskovoyi-osvity/
"The Russian Federation should be responsible primarily for aggression - as a primary crime" - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/rf-povynna-ponesty-vidpovidalnist-nasampered-za-agresiyu-yak-pervynnyj-zlochyn-ganna-malyar/
Ukraine is a crucifixion: an exhibition dedicated to Russian crime is shown in New York
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/ukrayina-rozpyattya-vystavku-pro-rosijski-zlochyny-pokazuyut-u-nyu-jorku/
During the day, Rosarmia fired at the territory of 100 settlements in 9 regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/za-dobu-rosarmiya-obstrilyala-terytoriyi-100-naselenyh-punktiv-u-9-oblastyah-ukrayiny/
In the south of Ukraine, it is increasingly difficult to use artillery - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/na-pivdni-ukrayiny-vorogu-dedali-vazhche-zastosovuvaty-artyleriyu-nataliya-gumenyuk/
Russian invaders were forced to flee from Kyiv region - the President of Ukraine about the events of ancient times
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/rosijski-okupanty-buly-zmusheni-tikaty-z-kyyivshhyny-prezydent-ukrayiny-pro-podiyi-richnoyi-davnyny/
In the Black Sea on combat duty - 2 enemy carriers of winged missiles "Caliber"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/u-chornomu-mori-na-bojovomu-cherguvanni-2-vorozhi-nosiyi-krylatyh-raket-kalibr/
Lieutenant General Mykola Oleshchuk congratulated the royal air forces of Great Britain on the 105th anniversary
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/general-lejtenant-mykola-oleshhuk-pryvitav-korolivski-povitryani-syly-velykoyi-brytaniyi-zi-105-yu-richnyczeyu/
In the Bakhmut direction, the enemy continues to suffer significant losses - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-vorog-prodovzhuye-zaznavaty-znachnyh-vtrat-sergij-cherevatyj/
In the Limano-Kupian direction, the enemy applies different types of artillery-Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/na-lymano-kupyanskomu-napryamku-vorog-zastosovuye-rizni-typy-artyleriyi-sergij-cherevatyj/
Troy soldiers perform tasks in the hottest sections of the front - brigade general Sergey Sobko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/voyiny-tro-vykonuyut-zavdannya-na-najgaryachishyh-dilyankah-frontu-brygadnyj-general-sergij-sobko/
Ministers of Defense of Ukraine and Slovakia met in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/ministry-oborony-ukrayiny-i-slovachchyny-zustrilysya-u-kyyevi/
The SES has made more than 180 trips per day to eliminate the consequences of aggressor shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/dsns-zdijsnyla-ponad-180-vyyizdiv-za-dobu-dlya-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-obstriliv-agresora/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed with Emmanuel Macron Defense Interaction of Ukraine and France
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/volodymyr-zelenskyj-obgovoryv-z-emmanuelem-makronom-oboronnu-vzayemodiyu-ukrayiny-ta-francziyi/
The property of the Ministry of Defense returned real estate of an area of more than 7,000 square meters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/u-vlasnist-minoborony-povernuto-neruhome-majno-ploshheyu-ponad-7000-kvadratnyh-metriv/
Ukrainian artillerymen destroy the enemy from the British gun L119
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/brytanska-garmata-l119-znyshhuye-vorozhu-tehniku/
The first issue of military chaplains took place in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/u-kyyevi-vidbuvsya-pershyj-vypusk-vijskovyh-kapelaniv/
The Russians once again fired at the border of Chernihiv and Sumy region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/rosiyany-vkotre-obstrilyaly-prykordonnya-chernigivshhyny-i-sumshhyny/
Grateful to the Slovak Republic for military assistance and Mih-29 aircraft, which will protect our sky and the lives of people-Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/vdyachni-slovaczkij-respubliczi-za-vijskovu-dopomogu-ta-litaky-mig-29-yaki-zahyshhatymut-nashe-nebo-ta-zhyttya-lyudej-oleksij-reznikov/
Aviation of Defense Forces has struck 8 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-8-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
In Tokmak, the occupiers threaten Ukrainian citizens who do not have a Russian passport to ban entering the city
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/u-tokmaku-okupanty-pogrozhuyut-gromadyanam-ukrayiny-yaki-ne-mayut-rosijskogo-pasporta-zaboronyty-vyizd-u-misto/
In Donetsk, the defense forces reflected more than 50 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/na-donechchyni-syly-oborony-vidbyly-ponad-50-atak-protyvnyka/
As a result of armed aggression of the Russian Federation in Ukraine, 467 children were killed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/467-ditej-zagynuly-v-ukrayini-vnaslidok-zbrojnoyi-agresiyi-rf/
Today the Russian Federation began to preside in the UN Council, and yesterday Rosarmia killed another Ukrainian child - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/sogodni-rf-pochala-golovuvaty-v-radbezi-oon-a-vchora-rosarmiya-vbyla-shhe-odnu-ukrayinsku-dytynu-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
SES units neutralized 270 explosive items during the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/pidrozdilamy-dsns-zneshkodyly-270-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-protyagom-doby/
Putin's plan for Donbass failed - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/plan-putina-shhodo-donbasu-provalyvsya/
The Chief Air Force Sergeant of the Armed Forces has made a visit to the United States European Command Headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/golovnyj-serzhant-povitryanyh-syl-zsu-zdijsnyv-vizyt-do-shtab-kvartyry-yevropejskogo-komanduvannya-ssha/
Coordinating Headquarters held an exit meeting in Kolomyia with families of prisoners and missing persons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-ne-zupynyaye-robotu-nad-povernennyam-usih-vijskovopolonenyh-dodomu/
The National Police is investigating 69 572 crimes of military Russian in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/naczpolicziya-rozsliduye-69-572-zlochyniv-vijskovyh-rf-v-ukrayini/
Short. War. Day 402. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/01/korotko-vijna-den-402-videodajdzhest/
Ukrainians in New York came to protest against Russia's presidency in the UN Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3690440-ukrainci-v-nujorku-vijsli-na-protest-proti-golovuvanna-rosii-u-radbezi-oon.html
Ukrainians in New York came to protest against Russia's presidency in the UN Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3690440-ukrainci-v-nujorku-vijsli-na-protest-proti-golovuvanna-rosii-u-radbezi-oon.html
The Cabinet of Ministers answered a petition with a call not to ban the UOC MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3690441-kabmin-dav-vidpovid-na-peticiu-iz-zaklikom-ne-zaboronati-upc-mp.html
British farmers handed 22 cars to Ukrainian defenders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3690279-britanski-fermeri-peredali-22-avtivki-ukrainskim-zahisnikam.html
In Kharkiv, Support Support Supports cleared 145 hectares of agricultural land
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/sapery-syl-pidtrymky-zsu-ochyshhayut-zemli-vid-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
Europol identified 150 suspects of military crimes in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/02/yevropol-proanalizuvav-7-tysyach-foto-ta-video-ta-znajshov-150-pidozryuvanyhrf-prychasnyh-u-voyennyh-zlochynah-v-ukrayini/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====