乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-17

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

Citizens of foreign countries, especially children, should leave the temporarily occupied territories of Ukraine - Irina Vereshchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/gromadyany-inozemnyh-derzhav-osoblyvo-dity-mayut-pokynuty-tymchasovo-okupovani-terytoriyi-ukrayiny-iryna-vereshhuk/
The SBU warns of the preparation of a number of new IPSO by Russian special services
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/sbu-poperedzhaye-pro-pidgotovku-nyzky-novyh-ipso-rosijskymy-speczsluzhbamy/
Aviation of Defense Forces of Ukraine during the day has inflicted 13 beats on the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/aviacziya-syl-oborony-ukrayiny-protyagom-doby-zavdala-13-udariv-po-vorogu/
Our art struck four areas of focus of personnel and enemy military equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/nasha-arta-urazyla-chotyry-rajony-zoseredzhennya-osobovogo-skladu-ta-vijskovoyi-tehniky-protyvnyka/
In three days 320 dead - intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/za-try-dni-320-zagyblyh-perehoplennya-gur/
Ukrainian defenders at night destroyed two "shahas" over Mykolaiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-unochi-znyshhyly-dva-shahedy-nad-mykolayivshhynoyu/
Whether the OVT manufacturer is real in 45 days to get from the Ministry of Defense tolerance
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/chy-realno-vyrobnyku-ovt-za-45-dniv-otrymaty-vid-minoborony-dopusk-do-ekspluatacziyi/
A meeting with the unification of families of fighters of territorial defense of Kiev took place at the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-obyednannyam-rodyn-bijcziv-terytorialnoyi-oborony-kyyeva/
Igor Klimenko discussed with the US Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary in Ukraine Bridget Bridk Consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/igor-klymenko-obgovoryv-z-nadzvychajnym-i-povnovazhnym-poslom-ssha-v-ukrayini-bridzhyt-brink-naslidky-pidryvu-okupantamy-kahovskoyi-ges/
Russian hackers are trying to discredit government response team on computer emergencies Cert-Ua
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/rosijski-hakery-namagayutsya-dyskredytuvaty-uryadovu-komandu-reaguvannya-na-kompyuterni-nadzvychajni-podiyi-cert-ua/
The suspicion of the so -called "media" from Kherson region was reported, which promoted the integration of the region into the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-tak-zvanij-medijnyczi-z-hersonshhyny-yaka-propaguvala-integracziyu-regionu-do-rf/
In Dnipro, the first veteran development center was opened in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/u-dnipri-vidkryto-pershyj-v-ukrayini-czentr-veteranskogo-rozvytku/
Over the past day, more than 30 combat clashes took place in Donetsk and Luhansk regions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/za-mynulu-dobu-vidbulos-ponad-30-bojovyh-zitknen-v-doneczkij-ta-luganskij-oblastyah/
Enemy Loss per day: nearly 600 occupiers have been eliminated, 10 tanks and 19 artisystems have been destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-majzhe-600-okupantiv-likvidovano-znyshheno-10-tankiv-i-19-artsystem/
Two collaborators from Kherson region were detained, one of whom wanted to "hide" in the ranks of the National Guard
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/zatrymano-dvoh-kolaborantiv-z-hersonshhyny-odyn-z-yakyh-hotiv-shovatysya-u-lavah-naczgvardiyi/
For over 15 months of large -scale aggression, Russia has damaged or destroyed 1554 medical facilities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/16/za-ponad-15-misyacziv-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-agresiyi-rosiya-poshkodyla-abo-zrujnuvala-1554-medzaklady/
In the west of France, they felt a strong impulse after the earthquake
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724207-na-zahodi-francii-vidculi-silnij-postovh-pisla-zemletrusu.html
Sudakov became Shakhtar's best player according to fans
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724206-sudakov-stav-najkrasim-gravcem-sahtara-za-versieu-fanativ.html
The former Google CEO bought the confiscated yacht of the Russian billionaire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724168-kolisnij-gendirektor-google-kupiv-konfiskovanu-ahtu-rosijskogo-milardera.html
The Ukrainian Song Festival takes place in Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3724282-festival-ukrainska-pisna-prohodit-u-lvovi.html
In Kyiv region Cherry entered a tree - the driver was killed, four children were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724278-na-kiivsini-cherry-vihala-u-derevo-vodijka-zaginula-cetvero-ditej-travmovani.html
A balloon broke out in Switzerland - seven passengers were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724275-u-svejcarii-spalahnula-povitrana-kula-postrazdali-semero-pasaziriv.html
Kirilenko: part of the shelling of Donetsk region is the result of traitors' work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724274-kirilenko-castina-obstriliv-doneccini-rezultat-roboti-zradnikiv.html
The invaders fired at two districts of Dnipropetrovsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724273-zagarbniki-obstrilali-dva-rajoni-dnipropetrovsini.html
In the west of Berlin, a new pastoral of the UGCC was opened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3724272-na-zahodi-berlina-vidkrili-nove-duspastirstvo-ugkc.html
In Kherson the Dnieper level fell below meter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724271-u-hersoni-riven-dnipra-sagnuv-nizce-za-metr.html
European Games: History of Ukrainian Basketball Teams 3x3
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724083-evropejski-igri-istoria-vistupiv-ukrainskih-zbirnih-z-basketbolu-3h3.html
Air Force in Telegram does not detail where the rockets of the Russian Federation fly, only indicate the direction - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724280-povitrani-sili-u-telegrami-ne-detalizuut-kudi-letat-raketi-rf-lise-vkazuut-napram-ignat.html
US government debt first exceeded $ 32 trillion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724089-derzavnij-borg-ssa-vperse-perevisiv-32-triljoni.html
Ukraine is working on a clear vision of implementation of the conclusions of the Venice Commission
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724091-ukraina-pracue-nad-citkim-bacennam-implementacii-visnovkiv-venecijskoi-komisii.html
During the day, the Russians attacked nine regions of Ukraine - erection of ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724092-za-dobu-rosiani-atakuvali-devat-regioniv-ukraini-zvedenna-ova.html
Winger of the national team of Ukraine Mikhail Mudryk: Never doubt me
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724093-vinger-zbirnoi-ukraini-mihajlo-mudrik-nikoli-ne-sumnivajtesa-u-meni.html
In Uganda militants related to IDIL attacked school: 25 dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724094-v-ugandi-bojoviki-povazani-z-idil-napali-na-skolu-25-zagiblih.html
Air Force warn of the threat of use of ballistic weapons in three areas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724101-povitrani-sili-poperedzaut-pro-zagrozu-zastosuvanna-balisticnogo-ozbroenna-u-troh-oblastah.html
The Ukrainian Fitness national team will not act on the World Cup because of the admission of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724099-zbirna-ukraini-z-ditacogo-fitnesu-ne-vistupatime-na-cs-cerez-dopusk-rosii.html
35 buildings remain flooded in Mykolaiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724100-na-mikolaivsini-zalisautsa-pidtoplenimi-35-budivel.html
In Chernihiv will be shown cinemas "Cities and their heroes"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3724060-u-cernigovi-pokazut-kinoalmanah-mista-ta-ihni-geroi.html
In the Black Sea are two Russian rocket launchers with 16 "caliber"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724102-u-cornomu-mori-perebuvaut-dva-rosijski-raketonosii-z-16-kalibrami.html
The Ukrainian premiere of the movie "I, Nina" took place in Chernivtsi
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3724105-u-cernivcah-vidbulasa-ukrainska-premera-filmu-a-nina.html
The Foreign Ministry was predicted when the UN International Court of Ukraine will make a decision in the case of Ukraine against the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724300-v-mzs-sprognozuvali-koli-miznarodnij-sud-oon-uhvalit-risenna-u-spravi-ukraina-proti-rf.html
Selected water samples in Kherson region show exceeding by two indicators
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724107-vidibrani-probi-vodi-na-hersonsini-pokazuut-perevisenna-za-dvoma-pokaznikami.html
In Russia, the director who opposed the war was declared
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724109-u-rosii-ogolosili-inoagentom-rezisera-akij-vistupav-proti-vijni.html
Shevchenko: Ukraine won a well -deserved victory after incredible play
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724112-sevcenko-ukraina-zdobula-zasluzenu-peremogu-pisla-nejmovirnogo-vidigrasu.html
Michael Jordan sold the Charlotte Gornetss Stock Package
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724113-majkl-dzordan-prodav-kontrolnij-paket-akcij-sarlott-gornets.html
Newly built bridges that were underwater for ten days were stored in the Nikolaev area
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724114-na-mikolaivsini-vistoali-novozbudovani-mosti-aki-desat-dniv-buli-pid-vodou.html
G7 Foreign Ministers can meet after Blinken's visit to China - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724116-ministri-zakordonnih-sprav-g7-mozut-zustritisa-pisla-vizitu-blinkena-do-kitau-zmi.html
Media: The head of the ruling party of the DPRK gathered to discuss a defensive strategy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724119-zmi-ocilniki-pravlacoi-partii-kndr-zibralisa-dla-obgovorenna-oboronnoi-strategii.html
Zelensky thanked the partners who took new steps in support of Ukraine this week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724301-zelenskij-podakuvav-partneram-aki-za-cej-tizden-zrobili-novi-kroki-u-pidtrimci-ukraini.html
Defender of the national team of Ukraine: this goal for me is happiness
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724125-zahisnik-zbirnoi-ukraini-zabarnij-cej-gol-dla-mene-sasta.html
In Russia, the number of killed by Mr. Sidro's poisoning has increased to 36
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724129-u-rosii-kilkist-zagiblih-vid-otruenna-misterom-sidrom-zrosla-do-36.html
Known the following rival of Ukrainian boxer Postola
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724128-vidomij-nastupnij-supernik-ukrainskogo-boksera-postola.html
All Ukrainian sites should have a starting page in the state language - Kremin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724131-usi-ukrainski-sajti-povinni-mati-startovu-storinku-derzavnou-movou-kremin.html
Xi Jinping assured the Taiwans that China respects them and will take care of them
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724132-si-czinpin-zapevniv-tajvanciv-so-kitaj-ih-povazae-i-bude-pro-nih-pikluvatisa.html
Women's Eurobasket-2023: Results of the Second round matches
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724134-zinocij-evrobasket2023-rezultati-matciv-drugogo-turu.html
The police showed the fired settlements of Donetsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724138-policia-pokazala-obstrilani-naseleni-punkti-doneccini.html
In India, more than 30 people were killed because of the heat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724139-v-indii-cerez-silnu-speku-zaginuli-ponad-30-ludej.html
Flood flooded the houses of the second largest city of Greece
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724140-povin-zatopila-budinki-drugogo-za-rozmirom-mista-grecii.html
Armed Forces have success in promotion in the Tavriysk direction - Tarnavsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724144-zsu-maut-uspihi-u-prosuvanni-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-tarnavskij.html
Opened a bridge across the Irpin River - Direct connection between Kiev and Fastov recovered
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3724146-vidkrili-mist-cerez-ricku-irpin-prame-spolucenna-miz-kievom-ta-fastovom-vidnovlene.html
Tsigankov is a ninth player who scored 10 or more balls for the Ukrainian national team
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724148-cigankov-devatij-gravec-akij-zabiv-za-zbirnu-ukraini-10-i-bilse-maciv.html
The exact number of those killed in the deocal territories will be called after full demining - Kirilenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724303-tocnu-kilkist-zagiblih-na-deokupovanih-teritoriah-nazvut-pisla-povnogo-rozminuvanna-kirilenko.html
In Kherson region a man exploded during field work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724150-na-hersonsini-pid-cas-polovih-robit-pidirvavsa-colovik.html
Young athletes of Kiev won 11 medals in Germany's competitions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724153-uni-legkoatleti-kieva-zdobuli-11-medalej-na-zmagannah-u-nimeccini.html
There was an explosion in Pavlograd at the mine, three miners were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724154-u-pavlogradi-na-sahti-stavsa-vibuh-postrazdali-troe-sahtariv.html
In France, the Apricots of Donbass's poetry is read by Katrin Denev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3724155-u-francii-audioknizku-poezii-abrikosi-donbasu-nacitae-katrin-denev.html
The Russians fired the border of Chernihiv and Sumy region - 17 explosions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724157-rosiani-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini-i-sumsini-17-vibuhiv.html
There can be tens of millions: Tkachenko about the losses of cultural heritage from the blasting of Kakhovka hydroelectric power plants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3724164-mozut-buti-desatki-miljoniv-tkacenko-pro-zbitki-kulturnoi-spadsini-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Ukrainians won three "gold" at the track and field memorial in Estonia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724165-ukrainki-vigrali-tri-zolota-na-legkoatleticnomu-memoriali-v-estonii.html
SBU special forces showed how people from the captured left shore of Kherson region were evacuated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724166-specpriznacenci-sbu-pokazali-ak-evakuuvali-ludej-iz-zahoplenogo-livogo-berega-hersonsini.html
The Russians fired Konstantinovka, wounded woman and nine -year -old child
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724170-rosiani-obstrilali-kostantinivku-poraneni-zinka-j-devatiricna-ditina.html
In Kharkiv, a hostile rocket hit the car - two volunteers were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724142-na-harkivsini-voroza-raketa-vlucila-v-avto-zaginuli-cetvero-civilnih.html
Russians fired at Sumy Region for a day more than 20 times - damaged TV tower
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724302-rosiani-za-den-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-ponad-20-raziv-poskodzena-televeza.html
Iranian oil exports reached the highest in five years - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724174-eksport-iranskoi-nafti-dosag-najvisogo-za-pat-rokiv-pokaznika-zmi.html
The number of deaths due to an attack on school in Uganda increased to 41, 38 of them children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724175-kilkist-zagiblih-cerez-napad-na-skolu-v-ugandi-zrosla-do-41-z-nih-38-diti.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
Coach of the players of the girls national team of Ukraine: in the selection of the euro we have a flat group
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724176-trener-futbolistok-divocoi-zbirnoi-ukraini-u-vidbori-evro-maemo-rivnu-grupu.html
In the Kyiv region, the reconstruction of the seventh apartment building was launched at the price of United24
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3724179-na-kiivsini-zapustili-vidbudovu-somogo-bagatokvartirnogo-budinku-kostom-united24.html
In Britain, thousands of people came to the parade before the king's birthday
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724185-u-britanii-tisaci-ludej-prijsli-na-parad-do-dna-narodzenna-korola.html
Air Force, Artillery and NATO Entrance Support: President told about this week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724306-ppo-artileria-ta-pidtrimka-vstupu-v-nato-prezident-rozpoviv-pro-cej-tizden.html
The exact number of dead during the occupation will be marked after the territories of Kirilenko are demining
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724186-tocnu-kilkist-zagiblih-pid-cas-okupacii-nazovut-pisla-rozminuvanna-teritorij-kirilenko.html
In Kharkiv, 6% of shelters do not meet the standards - mayor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724187-u-harkovi-6-ukrittiv-ne-vidpovidaut-normam-mer.html
In Melitopol, drunk Russian military opened fire on the FSB and occupation police
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724188-u-melitopoli-pani-vijskovi-rf-vidkrili-vogon-po-fsb-ta-okupacijnij-policii.html
In the Dnieper within Zaporizhzhia did not record changes in the chemical composition of water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724197-u-dnipri-v-mezah-zaporizza-ne-zafiksuvali-zmin-himicnogo-skladu-vodi.html
Al Pacino at 83 the fourth time became a father
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3724193-al-pacino-u-83-roki-vcetverte-stav-batkom.html
Kherson beat a volunteer who transported people from flooded territories for free
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724198-u-hersoni-pobili-volontera-akij-bezkostovno-perevoziv-ludej-iz-pidtoplenih-teritorij.html
The Russians are preparing for provocations at the Crimean Titan chemical plant - guerrillas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3724203-rosiani-gotuutsa-do-provokacij-na-himzavodi-krimskij-titan-partizani.html
Berlin accepts World Special Olympic Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724205-berlin-prijmae-vsesvitni-specialni-olimpijski-igri.html
Sudakov became Shakhtar's best player according to fans
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724206-sudakov-stav-najkrasim-gravcem-sahtara-za-versieu-fanativ.html
In the west of France, they felt a strong impulse after the earthquake
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724207-na-zahodi-francii-vidculi-silnij-postovh-pisla-zemletrusu.html
Fedorov discussed with Google Director General Collaboration in Military Technology
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3724209-fedorov-obgovoriv-z-eksdirektorom-google-spivpracu-u-galuzi-voennih-tehnologij.html
Tottenham bought Kulushevsky from Juventus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724307-tottengem-vikupiv-kulusevskogo-z-uventusa.html
Thousands of Canadian rifles will arrive in Ukraine in the coming days - the Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724212-do-ukraini-najblizcimi-dnami-pribudut-tisaci-kanadskih-gvintivok-minoboroni.html
In Dnipropetrovsk, flexible tanks for the areas left without water were purchased
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724215-na-dnipropetrovsini-pridbali-gnucki-rezervuari-dla-rajoniv-so-zalisilis-bez-vodi.html
In Donetsk, the authorities will promote the activities of the PCU - the chief of the Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724214-na-doneccini-vlada-spriatime-dialnosti-pcu-nacalnik-ova.html
Three victims were evacuated from mine in Pavlograd
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724218-troh-postrazdalih-girnikiv-evakuuvali-z-sahti-u-pavlogradi.html
Part of the machine -building enterprises Kramatorsk Relocked, in particular to the EU - Kirilenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3724219-castina-masinobudivnih-pidpriemstv-kramatorska-relokovana-zokrema-do-es-kirilenko.html
The enemy dropped the bombs into the village of Cossack in the Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724220-vorog-skinuv-bombi-na-selise-kozacke-u-hersonskij-oblasti.html
On Kakhovskaya Hydrogenation could undermine underwater passage - NYT investigation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724222-na-kahovskij-ges-mogli-pidirvati-pidvodnij-prohid-rozsliduvanna-nyt.html
In the Air Force reports the Russian drone in the north
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724230-u-povitranih-silah-povidomlaut-pro-rosijskij-bezpilotnik-na-pivnoci.html
The EU has condemned Russia's intention to hold elections in the temporarily occupied territory of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724226-es-zasudiv-namir-rosii-provesti-vibori-na-timcasovo-okupovanij-teritorii-ukraini.html
In Sumy, a law enforcement officer was inclined to sexual relations of a minor - he was detained
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724229-u-sumah-pravoohoronec-shiliv-do-statevih-stosunkiv-nepovnolitnu-jogo-zatrimali.html
The air defense is working in the Kyiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724232-na-kiivsini-pracue-ppo.html
In the Crimea and in the Kherson region, the invaders are hospitalized with suspicion of cholera - guerrillas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3724234-u-krimu-i-na-hersonsini-zagarbnikiv-gospitalizuut-z-pidozrou-na-holeru-partizani.html
In Kherson region as a result of shelling one person died and three wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724236-na-hersonsini-vnaslidok-obstrilu-troe-poranenih.html
Denmark is ready to transfer F -16 fighters to Ukraine - Minister of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724238-dania-gotova-peredati-vinisuvaci-f16-ukraini-ministr-oboroni.html
In Ukraine on Sunday, heat is forecast to +30 °, in some places - thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724189-v-ukraini-u-nedilu-prognozuut-speku-do-30-podekudi-grozi.html
"PSG" spent negotiations with article - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724241-psz-proviv-peremovini-z-artetou-zmi.html
In the Kherson region in the tractor driver ran into a Russian mine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724242-na-hersonsini-u-poli-traktorist-naihav-na-rosijsku-minu.html
The Great Meadows and Kamianskaya Sich are turning into a desert - Mindovquil
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724243-nacparki-velikij-lug-i-kamanska-sic-peretvoruutsa-na-pustelu-mindovkilla.html
At the Kremenchug Meat Factory - AMMAC ACCRESS, two workers were poisoned
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724247-na-kremencuckomu-masokombinati-stalasa-avaria-iz-vikidom-amiaku-dvoe-pracivnikiv-u-likarni.html
The Government is preparing a law on securing English as an international communication language
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724248-urad-gotue-zakonoproekt-pro-zakriplenna-anglijskoi-ak-movi-miznarodnogo-spilkuvanna.html
In the US, the Hague's performance was rental of Putin's court
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3724249-u-ssa-rozpocavsa-prokat-vistavi-gaaga-pro-sud-nad-putinim.html
NATO festival is held in Vilnius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724251-u-vilnusi-prohodit-festival-nato.html
Africa leaders arrived in the Russian Federation for negotiations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724252-lideri-krain-afriki-pribuli-do-rf-dla-peregovoriv.html
In the Kryvyi Rih district without water two communities, two more - partially
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724256-u-krivorizkomu-rajoni-bez-vodi-dvi-gromadi-se-dvi-castkovo.html
UNDP together with partners accumulates $ 1 billion to restore Ukraine - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3724258-proon-razom-iz-partnerami-nakopicue-1-milard-na-vidnovlenna-ukraini-smigal.html
Putin confirmed the abduction of children from Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724310-putin-pidtverdiv-vikradenna-ditej-z-ukraini.html
The plot of the French TV channel from the standpoint of Russian troops "Pierced a new bottom" of journalism - the Foreign Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724259-suzet-francuzkogo-telekanalu-z-pozicij-vijsk-rf-probiv-nove-dno-zurnalistiki-mzs.html
Ukrainian Marusyak won the Orlen Cup in Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724260-ukrainec-marusak-peremig-na-orlen-cup-u-polsi.html
Biden stated that it would not simplify the requirements for Ukraine for NATO accession
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724263-bajden-zaaviv-so-ne-sprosuvatime-vimogi-dla-ukraini-sodo-vstupu-v-nato.html
The Russians take about 300 children from Zaporizhzhya region - Fedorov into Chuvashia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724265-rosiani-vivozat-u-cuvasiu-blizko-300-ditej-iz-zaporizkoi-oblasti-fedorov.html
The enemy focuses effort in four directions - a day of 22 collisions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724266-rosiani-zoseredzuut-zusilla-na-cotiroh-napramkah-za-dobu-22-bojovi-zitknenna.html
Metzola met with a "bird" with "Azovstal"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724269-mecola-zustrilasa-iz-ptaskou-z-azovstali.html
In Kherson the Dnieper level fell below meter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724271-u-hersoni-riven-dnipra-sagnuv-nizce-za-metr.html
In the west of Berlin, a new pastoral of the UGCC was opened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3724272-na-zahodi-berlina-vidkrili-nove-duspastirstvo-ugkc.html
The invaders fired at two districts of Dnipropetrovsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724273-zagarbniki-obstrilali-dva-rajoni-dnipropetrovsini.html
Kirilenko: part of the shelling of Donetsk region is the result of traitors' work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724274-kirilenko-castina-obstriliv-doneccini-rezultat-roboti-zradnikiv.html
A balloon broke out in Switzerland - seven passengers were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724275-u-svejcarii-spalahnula-povitrana-kula-postrazdali-semero-pasaziriv.html
In Kyiv region Cherry entered a tree - the driver was killed, four children were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724278-na-kiivsini-cherry-vihala-u-derevo-vodijka-zaginula-cetvero-ditej-travmovani.html
Erdogan and von der Liaan discussed the prospects of Turkish membership in the EU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724287-erdogan-i-fon-der-laen-obgovorili-perspektivi-clenstva-tureccini-v-es.html
The Ukrainian Song Festival takes place in Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3724282-festival-ukrainska-pisna-prohodit-u-lvovi.html
Vereshchuk about the beating of a volunteer in Kherson: the state should show that stronger than abominations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724311-veresuk-pro-pobitta-volontera-v-hersoni-derzava-mae-pokazati-so-silnisa-za-merzotnikiv.html
Air Force in Telegram does not detail where the rockets of the Russian Federation fly, only indicate the direction - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724280-povitrani-sili-u-telegrami-ne-detalizuut-kudi-letat-raketi-rf-lise-vkazuut-napram-ignat.html
Erdogan and von der Liaan discussed the prospects of Turkish membership in the EU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724287-erdogan-i-fon-der-laen-obgovorili-perspektivi-clenstva-tureccini-v-es.html
Air defense has destroyed two Russian drones in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724288-ppo-znisila-dva-rosijski-bezpilotniki-na-hersonsini.html
Mkip confirmed the flooding of the Museum of Polina Rayko in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3724289-mkip-pidtverdilo-zatoplenna-muzeu-polini-rajko-na-hersonsini.html
The National Bank reminded you not to be a victim of fraudsters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724290-u-nacbanku-nagadali-ak-ne-stati-zertvou-sahraiv.html
In Japan to 16 years old, they have increased the age of consent to sex
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724295-u-aponii-do-16-rokiv-pidvisili-vik-zgodi-na-seks.html
In Moldova farmers announced new protests
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724312-u-moldovi-fermeri-ogolosili-pro-novi-protesti.html
The Ukrainian Krumkh went to the final of the qualification in Ilkli
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724296-ukrainec-krutih-vijsov-u-final-kvalifikacii-v-ilkli.html
Portugal will give Ukraine drones - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724298-portugalia-nadast-ukraini-bezpilotniki-zmi.html
As a result of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station - 16 dead, 31 people disappeared
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724299-unaslidok-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-16-zagiblih-31-osoba-znikla-bezvisti.html
The Foreign Ministry was predicted when the UN International Court of Ukraine will make a decision in the case of Ukraine against the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724300-v-mzs-sprognozuvali-koli-miznarodnij-sud-oon-uhvalit-risenna-u-spravi-ukraina-proti-rf.html
Zelensky thanked the partners who took new steps in support of Ukraine this week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3724301-zelenskij-podakuvav-partneram-aki-za-cej-tizden-zrobili-novi-kroki-u-pidtrimci-ukraini.html
The exact number of those killed in the deocal territories will be called after full demining - Kirilenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724303-tocnu-kilkist-zagiblih-na-deokupovanih-teritoriah-nazvut-pisla-povnogo-rozminuvanna-kirilenko.html
Russians fired at Sumy Region for a day more than 20 times - damaged TV tower
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724302-rosiani-za-den-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-ponad-20-raziv-poskodzena-televeza.html
Air Force, Artillery and NATO Entrance Support: President told about this week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724306-ppo-artileria-ta-pidtrimka-vstupu-v-nato-prezident-rozpoviv-pro-cej-tizden.html
Tottenham bought Kulushevsky from Juventus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724307-tottengem-vikupiv-kulusevskogo-z-uventusa.html
In Ukraine on Sunday, heat is forecast to +30 °, in some places - thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724189-v-ukraini-u-nedilu-prognozuut-speku-do-30-podekudi-grozi.html
In the Air Force responded to Putin's statements about the "destruction"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724313-u-povitranih-silah-vidpovili-na-zaavi-putina-pro-znisenna-pati-zrk-patriot.html
Putin confirmed the abduction of children from Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724310-putin-pidtverdiv-vikradenna-ditej-z-ukraini.html
Vereshchuk about the beating of a volunteer in Kherson: the state should show that stronger than abominations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724311-veresuk-pro-pobitta-volontera-v-hersoni-derzava-mae-pokazati-so-silnisa-za-merzotnikiv.html
In Moldova farmers announced new protests
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724312-u-moldovi-fermeri-ogolosili-pro-novi-protesti.html
In the Air Force responded to Putin's statements about the "destruction"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724313-u-povitranih-silah-vidpovili-na-zaavi-putina-pro-znisenna-pati-zrk-patriot.html
Kirilenko: We hope to repair from Russia, these are trillions of dollars
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724314-kirilenko-mi-spodivaemos-na-reparacii-vid-rosii-ce-triljoni-dolariv.html
Air defense has destroyed two Russian drones in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724288-ppo-znisila-dva-rosijski-bezpilotniki-na-hersonsini.html
In Ukraine, a single register of weapons - the Ministry of Internal Affairs will soon work
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/v-ukrayini-nezabarom-zapraczyuye-yedynyj-reyestr-zbroyi-mvs/
Mkip confirmed the flooding of the Museum of Polina Rayko in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3724289-mkip-pidtverdilo-zatoplenna-muzeu-polini-rajko-na-hersonsini.html
Mark "Russian Military Ship, I I ...!" recognized the best in the world
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/marku-russkij-voyennyj-korabl-idi-vyznaly-najkrashhoyu-v-sviti/
The SBU reported suspicion to two inhabitants of Odessa, who were serving Rostob fakes about mobilization and Kiev-Pechersk Lavra
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/sbu-povidomyla-pro-pidozru-dvom-odesytam-yaki-na-zamovlennya-rostb-znimaly-fejky-pro-mobilizacziyu-ta-kyyevo-pechersku-lavru/
The prosecutor's office through the court returned to the Ministry of Defense the land worth almost 10 million UAH
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/prokuratura-cherez-sud-povernula-u-vlasnist-minoborony-zemlyu-vartistyu-majzhe-10-mln-grn/
The Estonia Parliament supported the creation of a special offense on the crime of Russian aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/parlament-estoniyi-pidtrymav-stvorennya-specztrybunalu-shhodo-zlochynu-agresiyi-rf/
The Armed Forces Aircraft per day struck 17 beats on the places of focus of the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/aviacziya-zsu-za-dobu-zavdala-17-udariv-po-misczyah-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv/
The National Bank reminded you not to be a victim of fraudsters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3724290-u-nacbanku-nagadali-ak-ne-stati-zertvou-sahraiv.html
All 12 missiles launched last day by the Russians in the Kyiv region - destroyed by defense forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/usi-12-raket-zapushhenyh-mynuloyi-doby-rosiyanamy-po-kyyivshhyni-znyshheno-sylamy-oborony/
To hide significant losses on the front, Russians evacuate for treatment with only officers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/shhob-pryhovaty-znachni-vtraty-na-fronti-rosiyany-evakuyuyu-na-likuvannya-do-rf-lyshe-oficzeriv/
The Ambassador of Ukraine to Estonia visited the School of Freedom, where 600 Ukrainian students study
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/posol-ukrayiny-v-estoniyi-vidvidala-shkolu-svobody-de-navchayutsya-600-ukrayinskyh-uchniv/
Details of destruction of Russian "alligator"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/podrobyczi-znyshhennya-rosijskogo-aligatora/
In the Nikolaev area, Kherson and Dnipropetrovsk, infectious hubs have been launched
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/na-mykolayivshhyni-hersonshhyni-ta-dnipropetrovshhyni-rozgornuto-infekczijni-haby/
In the Black Sea seven enemy ships, in Azov - one
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/u-chornomu-mori-sim-vorozhyh-korabliv-v-azovskomu-odyn/
The enemy continues the terror of the civilian population and uses inflammatory shells in the Kherson direction - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/vorog-prodovzhuye-teror-myrnogo-naselennya-ta-zastosovuye-zapalni-snaryady-na-hersonskomu-napryamku-nataliya-gumenyuk/
GUR posted a video about the consequences of Kakhovskaya Hydrod
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/gur-rozmistylo-video-pro-naslidky-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
Kherson region: prompt information on elimination of the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/hersonska-oblast-operatyvna-informacziya-shhodo-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
In Novoyavorivsk representatives of the coordination headquarters met with families of prisoners
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/u-novoyavorivsku-predstavnyky-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-zustrilysya-z-rodynamy-polonenyh/
A serviceman of the Russian Federation on significant losses of personnel of the Russian army - intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/vijskovosluzhbovecz-rf-pro-znachni-vtraty-osobovogo-skladu-rosijskoyi-armiyi-perehoplennya-gur/
In Japan to 16 years old, they have increased the age of consent to sex
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724295-u-aponii-do-16-rokiv-pidvisili-vik-zgodi-na-seks.html
The consequences of Russian shelling over the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/naslidky-rosijskyh-obstriliv-za-mynulu-dobu/
A meeting with families of servicemen took place at the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodynamy-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
Navy units of last day destroyed 54 invaders, two tanks and other enemy equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/pidrozdily-vms-mynuloyi-doby-znyshhyly-54-okupantiv-dva-tanky-ta-inshu-tehniku-voroga/
The main narrative that promote the Russian media
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/osnovnyj-naratyv-shho-prosuvayut-rosijski-zmi-3/
Taurian direction: success and promotion of our strength
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/tavrijskyj-napryamok-uspihy-ta-prosuvannya-nashyh-syl/
Last day Ukrainian defenders repelled 36 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/mynuloyi-doby-ukrayinski-zahysnyky-vidbyly-36-vorozhyh-atak/
Energy Restores Power Supplies in the Environmental Catastrophe Area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/energetyky-vidnovlyuyut-elektropostachannya-v-zoni-ekologichnoyi-katastrofy/
Enemy Loss per day: 670 occupiers have been eliminated, 12 tanks and 22 artsystem were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-670-okupantiv-likvidovano-znyshheno-12-tankiv-i-22-artsystemy/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy thanked everyone who defends Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/volodymyr-zelenskyj-podyakuvav-kozhnomu-hto-boronyt-ukrayinu/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
The Ukrainian Krumkh went to the final of the qualification in Ilkli
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3724296-ukrainec-krutih-vijsov-u-final-kvalifikacii-v-ilkli.html
The Polish Sejm supported Ukraine's membership in NATO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/polskyj-sejm-pidtrymav-chlenstvo-ukrayiny-v-nato/
Businessmen handed DESS four all-life "Bohun-2"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/biznesmeny-peredaly-dsns-chotyry-vsyudyhody-bogun-2/
SBS SBO SBUs evacuated the Kherson from temporarily occupied and flooded territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/speczpryznachenczi-czso-a-sbu-evakuyuvaly-hersoncziv-iz-tymchasovo-okupovanyh-i-zatoplenyh-terytorij/
Since May, the Defense of Ukraine has shot down 13 aerobalist missiles "Dagel" - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/z-travnya-syly-oborony-ukrayiny-zbyly-13-aerobalistychnyh-raket-kyndzhal-yurij-ignat/
Defense forces struck management points, warehouses with ammunition, SPR and artevision of the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/syly-oborony-urazyly-punkty-upravlinnya-sklady-z-boyeprypasamy-zrk-ta-artpidrozdil-voroga/
The SBU detained the FSB informant in Sumy region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/sbu-zatrymala-na-sumshhyni-informatorku-fsb/
The enemy tried to step in several directions - our defenders repelled all the attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/vorog-namagavsya-nastupaty-na-kilkoh-napryamkah-nashi-zahysnyky-vidbyly-vsi-ataky/
Due to Russia's terrorist act on the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, the Big Meadow and Kamianskaya Sich are transformed into a desert
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/cherez-terorystychnyj-akt-rosiyi-na-kahovskij-ges-naczparky-velykyj-lug-ta-kamyanska-sich-peretvoryuyutsya-na-pustelyu/
The largest scientific conference in Ukraine Inscience Conference 2023 has started in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/u-kyyevi-startuvala-najbilsha-naukova-konferencziya-v-ukrayini-inscience-conference-2023/
The Ministry of Defense collects requests from the enterprises of the defense-industrial complex on the accelerator website
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/minoborony-zbyraye-zapyty-vid-pidpryyemstv-oboronno-promyslovogo-kompleksu-na-sajti-akseleratora/
Portugal will give Ukraine drones - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724298-portugalia-nadast-ukraini-bezpilotniki-zmi.html
The racists hit the anti -tank managed rocket on a car with civilians - the proceedings were started
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/rashysty-vdaryly-protytankovoyu-kerovanoyu-raketoyu-po-avto-z-czyvilnymy-rozpochato-provadzhennya/
The European Union condemns Russia's plans to hold another pseudo -election in the occupied territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/yevropejskyj-soyuz-zasudzhuye-plany-rosiyi-provesty-chergovi-psevdovybory-na-okupovanyh-terytoriyah/
Two Russian drones were destroyed in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/na-hersonshhyni-znyshheno-dva-rosijski-bezpilotnyky/
In Ukraine, a single register of weapons will be started
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/v-ukrayini-rozpochne-robotu-yedynyj-reyestr-zbroyi-military-media-center/
The President of Ukraine thanked the partners for the support of our country and people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/prezydent-ukrayiny-podyakuvav-partneram-shho-pidtrymuyut-nashu-derzhavu-i-lyudej/
The redeployment of the coastal complex to the Bryansk region poses a threat of strikes in the territory of Ukraine - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/peredyslokacziya-u-bryansku-oblast-beregovogo-korabelnogo-kompleksu-nese-zagrozu-shhodo-zavdannya-udariv-po-terytoriyi-ukrayiny-yurij-ignat/
Officers were released at the National Academy of Land Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/u-naczionalnij-akademiyi-suhoputnyh-vijsk-vidbuvsya-vypusk-oficzeriv-2/
The water level in the Dnieper near Kherson continues to decline, now it is at 0.94 m
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/riven-vody-u-dnipri-bilya-hersona-prodovzhuye-znyzhuvatysya-narazi-vin-znahodytsya-na-poznachczi-094-m/
The occupiers have inflicted an air strike in the Kherson region, there is a dead and injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/okupanty-zavdaly-aviaudar-po-hersonshhyni-ye-zagyblyj-i-travmovani/
Short. War. Day 479
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/17/korotko-vijna-den-479/
As a result of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station - 16 dead, 31 people disappeared
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3724299-unaslidok-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-16-zagiblih-31-osoba-znikla-bezvisti.html
Earthquake in the west of France: damaged houses, schools and churches
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3724315-zemletrus-na-zahodi-francii-poskodzeni-budinki-skoli-ta-cerkvi.html
The German edition of Stern denied the propaganda fake of the Russian Federation on the wound of Budanov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3724316-nimecke-vidanna-stern-sprostuvalo-propagandistskij-fejk-rf-sodo-poranenna-budanova.html
In the Tavriysk direction, the defenders captured four BMP-2, armored personnel carrier and Rom enemy-Valery Shershen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/18/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-syly-oborony-ukrayiny-zahopyly-chotyry-bmp-2-bronetransporter-ta-rem-voroga-valerij-shershen/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====