乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-25

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled Krasne First, Figolivka, two -year -old, western, pile ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5174
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske and Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5175
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Bogdanivka, times and ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5176
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Berdyshi, Avdiivka, Tonenko, Karlovka Andes Neels ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5177
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Krasnohorivka, Maryinka and Heorhiyivka of Donetsk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5178
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian Army Shelled Paraskovivka, Novomikhailivka, Blessed, You ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5179
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Novodarivka, Temyrivka, Levadne, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5180
Explosion was reported in Zaporizhzhia
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/14097
According to the results of the Conference on Recovery in London, Ukraine will receive a package of international financial support - Denis Shmigal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/za-rezultatamy-konferencziyi-z-vidnovlennya-u-londoni-ukrayina-otrymaye-paket-mizhnarodnoyi-finansovoyi-pidtrymky-denys-shmygal/
By the age of 13, a collaborator was condemned by the occupying Ministry of Internal Affairs of the Russian Federation, who stole the locals
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/do-13-rokiv-tyurmy-zasuzhdeno-kolaboranta-z-okupaczijnogo-mvs-rf-yakyj-vykradav-misczevyh-zhyteliv/
A meeting with families of servicemen of the 46th Airmobile Brigade took place at the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodynamy-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-46-yi-okremoyi-aeromobilnoyi-brygady/
A journalist from Khmelnytskyi was sentenced to 5 years in prison for the State Council
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/zhurnalista-z-hmelnychchyny-zasudzheno-do-5-rokiv-uvyaznennya-za-derzhradu/
The military spoke about changing the location and the moral condition of personnel – intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/vijskovyj-rf-rozpoviv-drugu-pro-zminu-lokacziyi-ta-moralnyj-stan-osobovogo-skladu-perehoplennya-gur/
14 rockets and 2 drones were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/14-raket-ta-2-drony-bulo-znyshheno-sylamy-ta-zasobamy-ppo/
The enemy focuses on the main effort in three directions, there were 28 combat clashes a day - the General Staff
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/protyvnyk-zoseredzhuye-osnovni-zusyllya-na-troh-napryamkah-za-dobu-tam-vidbulosya-28-bojovyh-zitknen-genshtab/
Ukraine returned two more prisoners of war from Hungary
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/ukrayina-povernula-shhe-dvoh-vijskovopolonenyh-z-ugorshhyny/
Night missile attack on Kiev: three people were killed, eight are injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/nichna-raketna-ataka-na-kyyiv-troye-osib-zagynulo-8-travmovano/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy congratulated the adoption of the 11th Package of EU sanctions against
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/volodymyr-zelenskyj-pryvitav-uhvalennya-11-go-paketu-sankczij-yes-proty-rosiyi/
At night the enemy hit the Dnipro rockets, among the victims - children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/unochi-vorog-vdaryv-raketamy-po-dnipru-sered-postrazhdalyh-dity/
During the night attack in Ukraine, the enemy released more than half a hundred rockets - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/pid-chas-nichnoyi-ataky-po-ukrayini-vorog-vypustyv-ponad-piv-sotni-raket-yurij-ignat/
Alexei Reznikov about teaching Ukrainian pilots on F-16: I predict that will start in July
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/oleksij-reznikov-pro-navchannya-ukrayinskyh-pilotiv-na-f-16-prognozuyu-shho-rozpochnutsya-v-lypni/
Gur: a rebellion of Prigozhin - an internal Russian conflict that is a sign of the collapse of the Putin regime
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/gur-bunt-prigozhyna-%e2%80%95-vnutrishnij-rosijskij-konflikt-yakyj-ye-oznakoyu-krahu-putinskogo-rezhymu/
Demand of Ukraine: 318 explosive items were neutralized per day of pyrotechnics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/rozminuvannya-ukrayiny-za-dobu-pirotehniky-zneshkodyly-318-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
Russia has long masked propaganda stupidity of its reign, and now no lie hides it - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/rosiya-dovgo-maskuvala-propagandoyu-durist-svogo-pravlinnya-a-teper-zhodna-brehnya-ne-shovaye-yiyi-prezydent-ukrayiny/
The occupiers have increased the presence of rocket carriers in the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/okupanty-narostyly-prysutnist-raketonosiyiv-u-chornomu-mori/
The Defense Forces of Ukraine destroyed the Rosgvardia base in Genichesk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/syly-oborony-ukrayiny-znyshhyly-bazu-rosgvardiyi-v-genichesku/
The Russians during the day fired at more than 170 cities and villages of Ukraine, are dead and injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/rosiyany-vprodovzh-doby-obstrilyaly-ponad-170-mist-i-sil-ukrayiny-ye-zagybli-j-poraneni/
In the Black Sea there were combat training
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/u-chornomu-mori-vidbulysya-bojovi-navchannya/
GUR reports that a counter -terrorist operation regime was introduced in Moscow and a number of regions of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/gur-povidomlyaye-shho-u-moskvi-ta-nyzczi-regioniv-rf-vvedeno-rezhym-kontrterorystychnoyi-operacziyi/
Over the past day, the Aviation of Defense Forces has inflicted 13 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/za-mynulu-dobu-aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-13-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
For 16 months of war, the forces of defense have destroyed more than 4,000 artistem and 4,000 enemy tanks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/za-16-misyacziv-vijny-syly-oborony-znyshhyly-ponad-4-tysyachi-artsystem-i-tankiv-voroga/
Ammunition for Ukraine: EU ambassadors have approved a decision to increase production
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/boyeprypasy-dlya-ukrayiny-posly-yes-zatverdyly-rishennya-pro-zbilshennya-vyrobnycztva/
22 Member States of the Organization of American States called on the Russian Federation to immediately withdraw troops from Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/22-krayiny-chleny-organizacziyi-amerykanskyh-derzhav-zaklykaly-rf-negajno-vyvesty-vijska-z-ukrayiny/
Water level in the ZPEC Collist Stable-Energoatom
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/riven-vody-u-stavku-oholodzhuvachi-zaes-stabilnyj-energoatom/
Active fighting will last for the next two to three months-Ukrainian intelligence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/aktyvni-bojovi-diyi-tryvatymut-najblyzhchi-dva-try-misyaczi-gur/
The SES showed the consequences of falling debris on a dwelling house in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/u-dsns-pokazaly-naslidky-padinnya-ulamkiv-na-zhytlovyj-budynok-u-kyyevi/
Anna Malyar about events in Russia: This is an inevitable degradation but we should not relax
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/ganna-malyar-pro-podiyi-v-rosiyi-cze-nemynucha-degradacziya-kraminist/
The Russian army fired at Sumy region: 88 parishes were recorded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/24/armiya-rf-obstrilyala-sumshhynu-zafiksovano-88-pryhodiv/
British fighters have been intercepted by 21 Russian military aircraft near NATO borders in the last three weeks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727511-vinisuvaci-britanii-perehopili-21-vijskovij-litak-rf-bila-kordoniv-nato-za-ostanni-tri-tizni.html
In the Lviv region, the girl was killed by a shock from a broken electrode
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727509-na-lvivsini-divcinka-zaginula-vid-udaru-strumom-z-obirvanogo-elektrodrotu.html
In the operating zone of the eastern group, the Russians charge all kinds of troops - cherry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727589-v-operacijnu-zonu-shidnogo-ugrupovanna-rosiani-staguut-vsi-vidi-vijsk-cerevatij.html
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Krasne First, Figolivka, two -year -old, Massutivka, ki ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5183
Maguchi won the gold medal in height at the European Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727587-magucih-zavouvala-zolotu-medal-u-stribkah-u-visotu-na-evropejskih-igrah.html
After the unsuccessful rebellion, Putin's two planes returned to Moscow - Roszma
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727588-pisla-nevdalogo-zakolotu-dva-litaki-putina-povernulisa-v-moskvu-roszmi.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske and Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5184
Reznikov commented on the current counter -offensive as a “preparatory operation”
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727585-reznikov-prokomentuvav-potocnij-kontrnastup-ak-pidgotovcu-operaciu.html
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Vasukivka, Minkivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Bogdanivka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5185
In Rivne there was a fight with a massacre - three people were hospitalized
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727581-u-rivnomu-stalasa-bijka-z-rizaninou-troh-ludej-gospitalizuvali.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novoalexandrivka, Ceramics, Novokalin, Avdiii ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5186
The Armed Forces per day struck three art units and the management point of the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727580-zsu-za-dobu-vrazili-tri-artpidrozdili-punkt-upravlinna-ta-sklad-boepripasiv-rosian.html
Ukrainian fighters in a day advanced on the flanks around Bakhmut to a kilometer - abdomen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727579-ukrainski-bijci-za-dobu-prosunulis-na-flangah-navkolo-bahmuta-do-kilometra-cerevatij.html
1 person wounded as result of artillery shelling in Nikopol district overnight
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/45069
According to Russian Telegram channel Millerovo and Rostov airbases are still under Wagner PM...
https://t.me/fighter_bomber/12909
1 person killed, 1 under the rubble after Russian shelling destroyed residential apartments b...
https://t.me/babel/34492
Blackout in several districts of Kyiv
https://t.me/kyiv_polit/36786
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Halahanivka of Chernihiv ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5182
Death toll after debris of  Russian missile hit a house in Solomyansky district of Kyiv incre...
https://t.me/info_zp/39243
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5190
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Novodarivka, Levadne, Poltavka, Z...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5189
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian Army Shelled Katerynivka, Bogoyavlenka, Novomikhailivka, Blue ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5188
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, Marinka, Victory, St. George, Kur ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5187
The Armed Forces Aviation has made 18 strokes on the enemy's positions destroyed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727391-aviacia-zsu-zavdala-18-udariv-po-poziciah-voroga-znisenij-zrk-rosian.html
SBU neutralized pro -Russian agitators in several regions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727389-sbu-zneskodila-prorosijskih-agitatoriv-u-kilkoh-regionah.html
Japan plans to use in the armed forces satellite Internet Starlink
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3727393-aponia-planue-vikoristovuvati-u-zbrojnih-silah-suputnikovij-internet-starlink-zmi.html
The Russians fired Dnipropetrovsk region, there is a victim
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727395-rosiani-obstrilali-dnipropetrovsinu-e-postrazdalij.html
The army of the Russian Federation 59 times fired at Kherson region, two wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727398-armia-rf-59-raziv-obstrilala-hersonsinu-dvoe-poranenih.html
Defense forces have already eliminated 224 630 Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727399-sili-oboroni-likviduvali-vze-224-630-rosian.html
Russians last day killed one inhabitant of Donetsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727401-rosiani-minuloi-dobi-vbili-odnogo-zitela-doneccini.html
At night the enemy attacked the suburbs of Zaporozhye
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727405-unoci-vorog-atakuvav-peredmista-zaporizza.html
The memory of police officer Stanislav Dyachenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3726134-pamati-policejskogo-stanislava-dacenka.html
The Russians fired three districts of Kharkiv region in the past day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727407-rosiani-za-minulu-dobu-obstrilali-tri-rajoni-harkivsini.html
Wagner uprising will cause significant damage to Moscow - isw
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727409-povstanna-vagnera-zavdast-suttevoi-skodi-moskvi-isw.html
The enemy applied against Ukraine s-300-Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727410-ciei-noci-vorog-zastosuvav-proti-ukraini-raketi-s300-ignat.html
In Greece, there are parliamentary elections
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727415-u-grecii-prohodat-parlamentski-vibori.html
The invaders at night and in the morning fired at Sumy region eight times
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727417-zagarbniki-vnoci-ta-zranku-visim-raziv-obstrilali-sumsinu.html
Yermak told about the results of a meeting of advisers in Copenhagen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727420-ermak-rozpoviv-pro-rezultati-zustrici-radnikiv-u-kopengageni.html
US did not record nuclear weapons in Russia during Prigogine's rebellion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727424-ssa-ne-zafiksuvali-peremisen-adernoi-zbroi-u-rosii-pid-cas-zakolotu-prigozina.html
The water level in the grassroots of the naked pier reaches a meter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727425-riven-vodi-u-nizovih-castinah-goloi-pristani-sagae-metra.html
The Volleyball Women's Team beat the Czech Republic in the semifinals of the Golden Eurolege
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727590-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-volejbolu-obigrala-cehiu-u-pivfinali-zolotoi-evroligi.html
Reznikov and Austin discussed the weakness of the Russian authorities and the counter -offensive of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727611-reznikov-obgovoriv-z-ostinom-slabkist-rosijskoi-vladi-ta-kontrnastup-zsu.html
Two settlements remain flooded on the Kherson Right Bank of Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727430-na-pravoberezzi-hersonsini-zalisautsa-pidtoplenimi-dva-naseleni-punkti.html
Today Ukraine will play against Turkey in the finale of the Golden European Volleyball European
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727429-sogodni-ukraina-zigrae-proti-tureccini-u-finali-zolotoi-evroligi-z-volejbolu.html
In Kherson as a result of shelling of a five -storey building a man was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727433-u-hersoni-vnaslidok-obstrilu-patipoverhivki-zaginuv-colovik.html
Schedule European Games on June 25
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727434-rozklad-evropejskih-igor-na-25-cervna.html
Canada has started its own investigation into the death of Titan's Batycake's passengers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727435-kanada-rozpocala-vlasne-rozsliduvanna-zagibeli-pasaziriv-batiskafa-titan.html
In the US a street party ended with shooting, two dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727442-u-ssa-vulicna-vecirka-zaversilasa-strilaninou-dvoe-zagiblih.html
Felfner's spear metalworker became a bronze medalist of European games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727610-metalnik-spisa-felfner-stav-bronzovim-prizerom-evropejskih-igor.html
As contractors to get one -time financial assistance - clarification of the Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3727443-ak-kontraktnikam-otrimati-odnorazovu-grosovu-dopomogu-rozasnenna-minoboroni.html
Missile attack on Kiev: under the rubble of the house found the bodies of two more dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3727445-raketna-ataka-na-kiiv-pid-zavalami-budinku-viavili-tila-se-dvoh-zagiblih.html
Zelensky announced publications on social networks about chevrons transferred to military and volunteers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3727447-zelenskij-anonsuvav-publikacii-u-socmerezah-pro-sevroni-peredani-vijskovimi-j-volonterami.html
Armed Forces use the experience of the first weeks of offensive and achieve progress - British intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727449-zsu-vikoristovuut-dosvid-persih-tizniv-nastupu-ta-dosagaut-progresu-britanska-rozvidka.html
During the day, the Russians attacked nine regions of Ukraine - erection of ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727450-za-dobu-rosiani-atakuvali-devat-regioniv-ukraini-zvedenna-ova.html
The invaders intensified the control of entry into the LNR from
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727453-zagarbniki-posilili-kontrol-na-vizd-u-lnr-iz-rosii.html
Light - about the "gold" of European games: the main victory of Ukraine will not be on Tatami
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727454-zaplitnij-pro-zoloto-evropejskih-igor-golovna-peremoga-ukraini-bude-ne-na-tatami.html
Zelensky discussed with Biden's expansion of Ukraine and US defense cooperation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727614-zelenskij-proviv-rozmovu-z-bajdenom.html
Prigogine can be eliminated in Belarus - CNN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727460-prigozina-mozut-likviduvati-u-bilorusi-cnn.html
Everyone deserves Ukraine to know and remember: Zelensky showed chevrons of warriors
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727463-kozen-zaslugovue-sob-ukraina-znala-j-pamatala-zelenskij-pokazav-sevroni-voiniv.html
Russia holds one rocket launcher in the Black Sea with "caliber"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727464-rosia-trimae-u-cornomu-mori-odin-raketonosij-iz-kalibrami.html
In the Tavriysk direction, the Ukrainian military improved the tactical position in defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727465-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-ukrainski-vijskovi-pokrasili-takticne-polozenna-v-oboroni.html
The invaders dropped the chemical ammunition into the Armed Forces under Marinka
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727467-rosiani-skinuli-himicnij-boepripas-na-pozicii-zsu-pid-marinkou.html
Blogger's abduction from Kherson Russians: In Odessa, a lawsuit began
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727468-vikradenna-blogerki-z-hersona-rosianami-v-odesi-rozpocavsa-sudovij-proces.html
Wagner PVC can attack Kiev from Belarus - British General
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727471-pvk-vagner-moze-atakuvati-kiiv-z-bilorusi-britanskij-general.html
The enemy continues exploration from drones in search of data for attacks in Ukraine - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727470-vorog-prodovzue-rozvidku-z-bezpilotnikiv-u-posuku-danih-dla-atak-po-ukraini-gumenuk.html
Three girls were killed in Kirovohrad region as a result of an accident involving a drunken police officer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727472-na-kirovogradsini-vnaslidok-dtp-za-ucastu-netverezogo-policejskogo-zaginuli-troe-divcat.html
There are no mass lighting in light in Kiev - DTEK
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3727476-u-kievi-nemae-masovih-vidklucen-svitla-dtek.html
Danilov called Prigoine's rebellion the first stage of dismantling the Putin system
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727477-danilov-nazvav-zakolot-prigozina-persim-etapom-demontazu-putinskoi-sistemi.html
Four people who were poisoned by fish were hospitalized in Odessa region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727478-na-odesini-gospitalizuvali-cotiroh-ludej-aki-otruilisa-ribou.html
Cyber Police told whether to use Telegram and Tiktok safely
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3727481-u-kiberpolicii-rozpovili-ci-bezpecno-koristuvatisa-telegram-i-tiktok.html
By June 28, the results of the main session will appear in the personal offices of NMT participants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3727482-do-28-cervna-v-personalnih-kabinetah-ucasnikiv-nmt-zavlatsa-rezultati-osnovnoi-sesii.html
The enemy in a day 16 times fired at Sumy region - damaged houses and a wounded person
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727616-vorog-za-den-16-raziv-obstrilav-sumsinu-poskodzeni-budinki-ta-poranena-ludina.html
The relatives of killed in Berdyansk guys invaders interrogate and search
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727487-rodiciv-ubitih-u-berdansku-hlopciv-zagarbniki-dopituut-ta-obsukuut.html
Russians in occupied Zaporizhzhia rush Ukrainian documents on checkpoints
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727490-rosiani-na-okupovanomu-zaporizzi-rvut-ukrainski-dokumenti-na-blokpostah.html
In May, it was possible to confirm being held in captivity hundreds of missing persons - ICCH
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727493-u-travni-vdalosa-pidtverditi-perebuvanna-u-poloni-soten-zniklih-bezvisti-mkch.html
In Kremenchug, a young man "under drugs" knocked down two people at a pedestrian crossing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727491-u-kremencuci-unak-pid-narkotikami-zbiv-na-smert-dvoh-ludej-na-pisohidnomu-perehodi.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
How to safely return to housing after flooding - tips of Ministry of Reintegration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727496-ak-bezpecno-povertatis-u-zitlo-pisla-pidtoplenna-poradi-minreintegracii.html
US Intelligence knew that Prigogine was preparing a rebellion - CNN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727500-rozvidka-ssa-znala-so-prigozin-gotue-zakolot-cnn.html
Podolyak about the rebellion of Prigogine: we would like a little other results
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727502-podolak-pro-zakolot-prigozina-mi-b-hotili-trohi-insih-rezultativ.html
The enemy fired at the border of Chernihiv and Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727503-vorog-obstrilav-prikordonna-cernigivsini-i-sumsini.html
Suspect in a deadly accident police visa of seven teenagers from graduation - DBR
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727504-pidozruvanij-u-smertelnij-avarii-policejskij-viz-simoh-pidlitkiv-z-vipusknogo-dbr.html
Prigogine's rebellion emphasized the differences in the Russian authorities - Macron
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727613-zakolot-prigozina-pidkresliv-rozbiznosti-v-rosijskij-vladi-makron.html
The European Confederation of fencing has removed the Russian Federation and Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727506-evropejska-konfederacia-fehtuvanna-vidstoronila-rf-i-bilorus.html
For the missing relatives of the missing launched an extra hotline of legal aid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3727507-dla-rodiciv-zniklih-bezvisti-zapustili-dodatkovu-garacu-liniu-uridicnoi-dopomogi.html
Kravchenko joined the Polesie on lease rights with the Redemption option
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727508-kravcenko-priednavsa-do-polissa-na-pravah-orendi-z-opcieu-vikupu.html
In the Lviv region, the girl was killed by a shock from a broken electrode
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727509-na-lvivsini-divcinka-zaginula-vid-udaru-strumom-z-obirvanogo-elektrodrotu.html
British fighters have been intercepted by 21 Russian military aircraft near NATO borders in the last three weeks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727511-vinisuvaci-britanii-perehopili-21-vijskovij-litak-rf-bila-kordoniv-nato-za-ostanni-tri-tizni.html
Italian Foreign Minister - About the Rebellion of Prigogine: The myth of the unity of Putin Russia is over
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727513-glava-mzs-italii-pro-zakolot-prigozina-mif-pro-ednist-putinskoi-rosii-zakincivsa.html
In Lviv, a bicycle race was held for the sixth time to raise funds for the Children's Medical Center
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727517-u-lvovi-vsoste-proveli-veloprobig-dla-zboru-kostiv-na-ditacij-medcentr.html
President of Ukraine Zelensky had phone calls with Polish President Andrzej Duda and US President...
https://t.me/V_Zelenskiy_official/6706
A three -storey house collapsed in London
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727519-u-londoni-obvalivsa-tripoverhovij-budinok.html
1 person killed in Myropillia community of Sumy region as result of shelling
https://t.me/suspilnesumy/12680
Zelensky told Dudi about the situation at the Zaporozhye NPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727621-zelenskij-rozpoviv-dudi-pro-situaciu-na-zaes.html
In the US condemned hacker who broke Twitter-pages of Baiden, Gates and Mask
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3727523-u-ssa-zasudili-hakera-akij-zlamav-tvitterstorinki-bajdena-gejtsa-ta-maska.html
Prigogine stated that he was "not in touch" - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727525-u-prigozina-zaavili-so-vin-ne-na-zvazku-zmi.html
About $ 60 billion was attracted at the London conference
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3727530-na-londonskij-konferencii-zalucili-blizko-60-milardiv-na-vidnovlenna-smigal.html
Andriy Pyatov received a coaching diploma
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727529-andrij-patov-otrimav-trenerskij-diplom.html
Bridge on Chongar after the explosion is closed for cars - Melitopol mayor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3727532-mist-na-congari-pisla-vibuhu-zakritij-dla-legkovikiv-mer-melitopola.html
In Crimea, Russian police detained three activists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3727533-u-krimu-rosijska-policia-zatrimala-troh-aktivistiv.html
The world saw that Putin's power could be swept inside - Estonian Parliamentary
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727536-svit-pobaciv-so-vladu-putina-mozna-hitnuti-zseredini-estonskij-parlamentarij.html
Pavlova and Kozokar won silver in mixed archery competitions at European Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727534-pavlova-ta-kozokar-zavouvali-sriblo-u-zmisanih-zmagannah-u-strilbi-z-luka-na-evropejskih-igrah.html
In Kiev and a number of areas - air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727622-u-kievi-ta-nizci-oblastej-povitrana-trivoga.html
Pavlov's archer: the status of the underordog was not pressed on us, but of course they were worried
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727543-lucnica-pavlova-status-anderdoga-na-nas-ne-tisnuv-ale-zvisno-hviluvalisa.html
Wednesday and painful won "gold" in synchronous jumps into water from a 10-meter tower at European games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727544-sereda-ta-boluh-zavouvali-zoloto-u-sinhronnih-stribkah-u-vodu-z-10metrovoi-viski-na-evropejskih-igrah.html
There was a fire in Bulgaria in the ammunition composition of a businessman who poisoned the game
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727546-u-bolgarii-stalasa-pozeza-na-skladi-boepripasiv-biznesmena-akogo-otruilo-gru.html
The destruction of the Russians of cultural heritage objects must be properly documented - MKIP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3727548-rujnuvanna-rosianami-obektiv-kulturnoi-spadsini-maut-buti-nalezno-zadokumentovani-mkip.html
The situation in the northern operating area remains stable and controlled - Naev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727552-situacia-u-pivnicnij-operacijnij-zoni-zalisaetsa-stabilnou-ta-kontrolovanou-naev.html
The Defense Forces of Ukraine in a week destroyed nearly five thousand soldiers of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727551-sili-oboroni-ukraini-za-tizden-znisili-majze-pat-tisac-vijskovih-rf.html
Blinken - about Prigogine's rebellion: I don't think we saw the final act
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727554-blinken-pro-zakolot-prigozina-ne-dumau-so-mi-bacili-finalnij-akt.html
Zelensky: The longer the aggression lasts, the greater the degradation it causes in
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727624-zelenskij-so-dovse-trivae-agresia-to-bilsu-degradaciu-vona-viklikae-v-samij-rosii.html
In Zaporozhye, collaborators call Ukrainian special services massively to escape - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727557-na-zaporizzi-kolaboranti-masovo-telefonuut-ukrainskim-specsluzbam-abi-vratuvatisa-fedorov.html
The Embassy of Ukraine criticized the policy of the Israeli government on the Russian Federation and called for support Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727558-posolstvo-ukraini-rozkritikuvalo-politiku-uradu-izrailu-sodo-rf-i-zaklikalo-pidtrimati-kiiv.html
Budanov - about the threat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727559-budanov-pro-zagrozu-pidrivu-zaes-nikoli-situacia-ne-bula-takou-serjoznou-ak-zaraz.html
Thousands of believers gathered in the Maniavsky Skit for a common prayer headed by Epiphanius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727562-tisaci-viran-zibralisa-u-manavskomu-skiti-na-spilnu-molitvu-aku-ocoliv-epifanij.html
In Khmelnytskyi, the UOC -MP believers shouted "shame" by relatives of the dead in the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727565-na-hmelniccini-virani-upc-mp-kricali-ganba-rodicam-zagiblogo-na-vijni.html
In the Tavriysk direction a day, the Russians lost almost three mouths
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727568-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-za-dobu-rosiani-vtratili-majze-tri-roti.html
China supports Russia in maintaining national stability - the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727569-kitaj-pidtrimue-rosiu-u-zberezenni-nacionalnoi-stabilnosti-zaava-mzs.html
In Poland, they do not exclude increased tensions on the border with Belarus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727570-u-polsi-ne-viklucaut-posilenna-napruzenosti-na-kordoni-z-bilorussu.html
Artet: The next season will be the hardest in the history of the Premier League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727571-arteta-nastupnij-sezon-bude-najvazcim-v-istorii-premerligi.html
During the rebellion of Prigogine "Putin was nowhere" - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727573-pid-cas-zakolotu-prigozina-putina-ne-bulo-nide-zmi.html
Ukrainian fighters in a day advanced on the flanks around Bakhmut to a kilometer - abdomen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727579-ukrainski-bijci-za-dobu-prosunulis-na-flangah-navkolo-bahmuta-do-kilometra-cerevatij.html
President told about today's contact with world leaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727626-prezident-rozpoviv-pro-sogodnisni-kontakti-zi-svitovimi-liderami.html
The Armed Forces per day struck three art units and the management point of the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727580-zsu-za-dobu-vrazili-tri-artpidrozdili-punkt-upravlinna-ta-sklad-boepripasiv-rosian.html
In Rivne there was a fight with a massacre - three people were hospitalized
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727581-u-rivnomu-stalasa-bijka-z-rizaninou-troh-ludej-gospitalizuvali.html
The Folklore of the Ukrainian-Polish Border was held in Lutsk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3727591-u-lucku-proveli-festival-folkloru-ukrainskopolskogo-prikordonna.html
Reznikov commented on the current counter -offensive as a “preparatory operation”
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727585-reznikov-prokomentuvav-potocnij-kontrnastup-ak-pidgotovcu-operaciu.html
After the unsuccessful rebellion, Putin's two planes returned to Moscow - Roszma
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727588-pisla-nevdalogo-zakolotu-dva-litaki-putina-povernulisa-v-moskvu-roszmi.html
Maguchi won the gold medal in height at the European Games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727587-magucih-zavouvala-zolotu-medal-u-stribkah-u-visotu-na-evropejskih-igrah.html
In the operating zone of the eastern group, the Russians charge all kinds of troops - cherry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727589-v-operacijnu-zonu-shidnogo-ugrupovanna-rosiani-staguut-vsi-vidi-vijsk-cerevatij.html
The Volleyball Women's Team beat the Czech Republic in the semifinals of the Golden Eurolege
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727590-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-volejbolu-obigrala-cehiu-u-pivfinali-zolotoi-evroligi.html
The Folklore of the Ukrainian-Polish Border was held in Lutsk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3727591-u-lucku-proveli-festival-folkloru-ukrainskopolskogo-prikordonna.html
Kherson region again came under the fire of the enemy, among the wounded - a pregnant woman
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727594-hersonsina-znovu-potrapila-pid-obstril-voroga-sered-poranenih-vagitna-zinka.html
The State Duma stated that Wagner PEC has nothing to ban
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727595-u-derzdumi-zaavili-so-pvk-vagnera-nemae-za-so-zaboronati.html
Erdogan and Stoltenberg discussed events in Russia and Sweden's accession to NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727612-erdogan-i-stoltenberg-obgovorili-podii-v-rosii-ta-vstup-svecii-do-nato.html
NATO needs to strengthen the eastern flank if Belarus becomes a shelter for Prigogine - Nausseda
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727599-nato-treba-zmicniti-shidnij-flang-akso-bilorus-stane-pritulkom-dla-prigozina-nauseda.html
Zelensky's phone discussed the situation on the battlefield and threat to the ZPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727602-zelenskij-telefonom-obgovoriv-iz-trudo-situaciu-na-poli-bou-ta-zagrozu-na-zaes.html
In the elections in Greece, the Victory Party "New Democracy" - Exitpol is won
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727604-na-viborah-u-grecii-peremogu-zdobuvae-vladna-partia-nova-demokratia-ekzitpol.html
The world pays insufficient attention to the situation on the ZPP - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727627-svit-pridilae-nedostatno-uvagi-situacii-na-zaes-prezident.html
Singer Loboda offended the young Kharkiv woman: "Who gave you money?"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727607-spivacka-loboda-obrazila-unu-harkivanku-hto-tobi-dav-grosi.html
Reznikov and Austin discussed the weakness of the Russian authorities and the counter -offensive of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727611-reznikov-obgovoriv-z-ostinom-slabkist-rosijskoi-vladi-ta-kontrnastup-zsu.html
Felfner's spear metalworker became a bronze medalist of European games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727610-metalnik-spisa-felfner-stav-bronzovim-prizerom-evropejskih-igor.html
Zelensky discussed with Biden's expansion of Ukraine and US defense cooperation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727614-zelenskij-proviv-rozmovu-z-bajdenom.html
The enemy in a day 16 times fired at Sumy region - damaged houses and a wounded person
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727616-vorog-za-den-16-raziv-obstrilav-sumsinu-poskodzeni-budinki-ta-poranena-ludina.html
Prigogine's rebellion emphasized the differences in the Russian authorities - Macron
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727613-zakolot-prigozina-pidkresliv-rozbiznosti-v-rosijskij-vladi-makron.html
The Ukrainian Volleyball national team gave way to Turkey in the finals of the Golden Eurolege
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727629-zbirna-ukraini-z-volejbolu-postupilasa-turcii-v-finali-zolotoi-evroligi.html
Zelensky told Dudi about the situation at the Zaporozhye NPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727621-zelenskij-rozpoviv-dudi-pro-situaciu-na-zaes.html
In Kiev and a number of areas - air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727622-u-kievi-ta-nizci-oblastej-povitrana-trivoga.html
Zelensky: The longer the aggression lasts, the greater the degradation it causes in
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727624-zelenskij-so-dovse-trivae-agresia-to-bilsu-degradaciu-vona-viklikae-v-samij-rosii.html
President told about today's contact with world leaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727626-prezident-rozpoviv-pro-sogodnisni-kontakti-zi-svitovimi-liderami.html
Erdogan and Stoltenberg discussed events in Russia and Sweden's accession to NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727612-erdogan-i-stoltenberg-obgovorili-podii-v-rosii-ta-vstup-svecii-do-nato.html
The world pays insufficient attention to the situation on the ZPP - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727627-svit-pridilae-nedostatno-uvagi-situacii-na-zaes-prezident.html
The Ukrainian Volleyball national team gave way to Turkey in the finals of the Golden Eurolege
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3727629-zbirna-ukraini-z-volejbolu-postupilasa-turcii-v-finali-zolotoi-evroligi.html
Kherson region again came under the fire of the enemy, among the wounded - a pregnant woman
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727594-hersonsina-znovu-potrapila-pid-obstril-voroga-sered-poranenih-vagitna-zinka.html
PACE approved the resolution on the political consequences of Russian aggression against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/parye-uhvalyla-rezolyucziyu-shhodo-politychnyh-naslidkiv-agresiyi-rf-proty-ukrayiny/
The coordination headquarters discussed aspects of DNA Expertise and identification of the bodies of dead
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-obgovoryly-aspekty-provedennya-dnk-ekspertyz-ta-opiznannya-til-zagyblyh/
The assistant of the Russian oligarch was detained: he managed the export of titanium from Ukraine for the production of "calibers"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/zatrymala-pomichnyka-rosijskogo-oligarha-keruvav-vyvezennyam-z-ukrayiny-tytanu-dlya-vyrobnycztva-kalibriv/
The Government has approved the procedure for improving employees' skills for work in de -enrolled territories: what is known
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/uryad-zatverdyv-poryadok-pidvyshhennya-kvalifikacziyi-praczivnykiv-dlya-roboty-na-deokupovanyh-terytoriyah-shho-vidomo/
The State Duma stated that Wagner PEC has nothing to ban
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727595-u-derzdumi-zaavili-so-pvk-vagnera-nemae-za-so-zaboronati.html
“We sit without food. One cracker into eight division ” - interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/sydymo-bez-yizhi-odyn-suharyk-na-vismoh-dilymo-perehoplennya-gur/
The PACE found the Russian Federation guilty of the crime of ecocide by blasting the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: resolution
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/parye-vyznala-rf-vynnoyu-u-skoyenni-zlochynu-ekoczydu-shlyahom-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-rezolyucziya/
Alexei Reznikov showed how the defense forces destroyed three Russian tanks near Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/oleksij-reznikov-pokazav-yak-syly-oborony-znyshhyly-try-rosijski-tanky-nepodalik-bahmuta/
In the Central District Hospital Kalanchak, the occupiers were equipped with a military hospital
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/u-czentralnij-rajonnij-likarni-kalanchaka-okupanty-oblashtuvaly-vijskovyj-shpytal/
Enemy Loss per day: 720 occupiers were eliminated, 6 tanks and 19 artisystems were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-720-okupantiv-likvidovano-znyshheno-6-tankiv-i-19-artsystem/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
We need ATACMS missiles capable of bringing very significant results - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/nam-potribni-rakety-atacms-zdatni-prynosyty-duzhe-vagomi-rezultaty-yurij-ignat/
Careful preparation for the disposal of enemies of Ukraine is ongoing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/tryvaye-retelna-pidgotovka-do-utylizacziyi-vorogiv-ukrayiny/
In breaks between the battles of the sappers teach infantrymen to neutralize and distinguish mines
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/u-perervah-mizh-boyamy-sapery-navchayut-pihotyncziv-zneshkodzhuvaty-ta-rozriznyaty-miny/
Two settlements are still flooded on the Kherson Right Bank
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/na-pravoberezhzhi-hersonshhyny-dosi-pidtopleni-dva-naseleni-punkty/
NATO needs to strengthen the eastern flank if Belarus becomes a shelter for Prigogine - Nausseda
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727599-nato-treba-zmicniti-shidnij-flang-akso-bilorus-stane-pritulkom-dla-prigozina-nauseda.html
The racists hit Kherson's residential quarters, there is a dead
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/rashysty-vdaryly-po-zhytlovym-kvartalam-hersonu-ye-zagyblyj/
You sign a contract with the army - get the help of up to 26.8 thousand hryvnias
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/pidpysuyesh-kontrakt-z-vijskom-otrymaj-dopomogu-do-268-tysyach-gryven/
"This is an honor for me - to keep the chevrons of our warriors" - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/cze-chest-dlya-mene-zberigaty-shevrony-nashyh-voyiniv-prezydent-ukrayiny/
The fact of discharge of the prohibited chemical supply on one of the positions was recorded, but the wind was in the direction of the enemy - Valery Shershen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/na-odnu-iz-pozyczij-zafiksovano-fakt-skydannya-zaboronenogo-himboyeprypasu-prote-viter-buv-u-bik-protyvnyka-valerij-shershen/
What should be in the first aid kilos of the 50-kilometer zone around the ZPP-the Tips of the Ministry of Health
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/shho-maye-buty-v-aptechkah-zhyteliv-50-kilometrovoyi-zony-navkolo-zaes-porady-moz/
With the support of the Netherlands in Ukraine, modern veterans' assistance centers may appear
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/yuliya-laputina-systema-reabilitacziyi-veteraniv-cze-vazhlyvyj-bezpekovyj-komponent/
The Russian Federation does not provide official information on the health of prisoners of war - coordinating headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/rf-ne-nadaye-oficzijnoyi-informacziyi-pro-stan-zdorovya-vijskovopolonenogo-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
Zelensky's phone discussed the situation on the battlefield and threat to the ZPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3727602-zelenskij-telefonom-obgovoriv-iz-trudo-situaciu-na-poli-bou-ta-zagrozu-na-zaes.html
Russian troops once again fired at the border areas of Chernihiv and Sumy regions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/rosijski-vijska-vchergove-obstrilyaly-prykordonni-terytoriyi-chernigivskoyi-ta-sumskoyi-oblastej-2/
Aviation of Defense Forces over the past day has struck 18 beats through the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-mynulu-dobu-zavdala-18-udariv-po-vorogu/
Foreign components for the MIC of the aggressor are in the Russian Federation through countries that have not joined US and EU sanctions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/inozemni-komponenty-dlya-vpk-agresora-potraplyayut-v-rf-cherez-krayiny-yaki-ne-pryyednalys-do-sankczij-ssha-ta-yes/
Collaborators flee from Kherson region to temporarily occupied Crimea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/kolaboranty-tikayut-z-hersonshhyny-do-tymchasovo-okupovanogo-krymu/
Priority - legality, prudence, politeness: in Odessa OTC and JV held a service meeting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/u-prioryteti-zakonnist-vyvazhenist-vvichlyvist-v-odeskomu-otczk-ta-sp-provely-sluzhbovu-naradu/
Irina Vereshchuk instructed to take special control of adoption during the war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/iryna-vereshhuk-doruchyla-vzyaty-na-osoblyvyj-kontrol-usynovlennya-pid-chas-vijny/
The United Kingdom will send Ukraine 3 billion pounds for the next three years
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/velyka-brytaniya-spryamuye-ukrayini-3-mlrd-funtiv-na-nastupni-try-roky/
More than 95 thousand war crimes have documented the Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/ponad-95-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv-zadokumentuvav-ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny/
About four power units of the Russian troops have placed equipment with explosives
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/bilya-4-iz-6-energoblokiv-zaes-rosijski-vijska-rozmistyly-tehniku-z-vybuhivkoyu/
Correct, that our people, our children know to whom we owe our life and freedom of Ukraine - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/pravylno-shhob-nashi-lyudy-nashi-dity-znaly-komu-my-zavdyachuyemo-svoyim-zhyttyam-i-svobodoyu-ukrayiny-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
In the elections in Greece, the Victory Party "New Democracy" - Exitpol is won
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3727604-na-viborah-u-grecii-peremogu-zdobuvae-vladna-partia-nova-demokratia-ekzitpol.html
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 6 strokes of focus of enemy personnel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-6-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-osobovogo-skladu-protyvnyka/
The number of victims of the Russian Armed Forces rocket stroke in Kiev increased
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/chyslo-zhertv-raketnogo-udaru-zs-rf-po-kyyevu-zroslo/
The likelihood of rocket and air strikes throughout Ukraine remains high - the General Staff of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/jmovirnist-zavdannya-raketnyh-ta-aviaudariv-po-vsij-terytoriyi-ukrayiny-zalyshayetsya-vysokoyu-genshtab-zsu/
One Russian rocket launcher with "caliber" is in the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/odyn-rosijsky-raketonosij-iz-kalibramy-perebuvaye-u-chornomu-mori/
In the Tavriysk direction a day, the Russians lost almost three mouths
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-za-dobu-rosiyany-vtratyly-majzhe-try-roty/
In Kherson, the water in the Dnieper returned within the line
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/u-hersoni-voda-u-dnipri-povernulas-u-mezhi-rusla-mindovkillya/
The day was traveled on the southern and northern flanks around Bakhmut from 600 to 1000 meters - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/za-dobu-bulo-projdeno-na-pivdennomu-ta-pivnichnomu-flangah-navkolo-bahmuta-vid-600-do-1000-metriv-sergij-cherevatyj/
In Britain, a symposium dedicated to the study of lessons, analysis and summarizing the experience of preparation of the Armed Forces took place
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/u-brytaniyi-vidbuvsya-sympozium-prysvyachenyj-vyvchennyu-urokiv-analizu-ta-uzagalnennya-dosvidu-pidgotovky-zsu/
In Sumy region, the enemy made an unsuccessful attempt to penetrate DRG through the State Border of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/na-sumshhyni-vorog-zdijsnyv-nevdalu-sprobu-pronyknennya-drg-cherez-derzhkordon-ukrayiny/
The Wagner's attack on Ukraine by Belarus will be suicide for them - Sergey Naev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/napad-vagenerivcziv-na-ukrayinu-z-boku-bilorusi-stane-dlya-nyh-samogubstvom-sergij-nayev/
Singer Loboda offended the young Kharkiv woman: "Who gave you money?"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727607-spivacka-loboda-obrazila-unu-harkivanku-hto-tobi-dav-grosi.html
The racists fired again Kherson region, among the victims - a pregnant woman
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/rashysty-znovu-obstrilyaly-hersonshhynu-sered-postrazhdalyh-vagitna-zhinka/
In Copenhagen Andriy Yermak held a number of meetings with advisers on national security of leaders of India, South Africa, Turkey, Japan and EU institutions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/u-kopengageni-andrij-yermak-proviv-nyzku-zustrichej-iz-radnykamy-z-pytan-naczionalnoyi-bezpeky-lideriv-indiyi-pivdennoyi-afryky-turechchyny-yaponiyi-ta-instytuczij-yes/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a telephone conversation with Justin Trudeau
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/volodymyr-zelenskyj-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-dzhastinom-tryudo-2/
Alexei Reznikov had a telephone conversation with Lloyd Austin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/oleksij-reznikov-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-llojdom-ostinom/
Even 25 Ukrainians have been sent to specialized treatment to European countries
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/na-speczializovane-likuvannya-do-semy-yevropejskyh-krayiny-dopravleno-ishhe-25-ukrayincziv/
The enemy focuses every effort on preventing the promotion of our troops in the Zaporozhye and Kherson directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/vorog-zoseredzhuye-vsi-zusyllya-na-nedopushhenni-prosuvannya-nashyh-vijsk-na-zaporizkomu-ta-hersonskomu-napryamkah/
Military Russian Federation told about the repayment of criminal record - the interception of GUR MOU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/vijskovyj-rf-rozpoviv-pro-pogashennya-sudymosti-perehoplennya-gur-mou/
Presidents of Ukraine and the US discussed further defensive cooperation and strengthening of the capabilities of the Ukrainian army
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/prezydenty-ukrayiny-ta-ssha-obgovoryly-podalshu-oboronnu-spivpraczyu-ta-posylennya-spromozhnostej-ukrayinskogo-vijska/
The longer Russian aggression lasts, the greater the degradation it causes in Russia itself - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/shho-dovshe-tryvaye-rosijska-agresiya-to-bilshu-degradacziyu-vona-vyklykaye-i-v-samij-rosiyi-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Short. War. Day 487. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/25/korotko-vijna-den-487-videodajdzhest/
Missile attack on Kiev: Rescuers have completed work in a house damaged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3727631-raketna-ataka-na-kiiv-ratuvalniki-zaversili-roboti-v-budinku-poskodzenomu-ulamkami.html
The heat retreats: On Monday, Ukraine predict rains and thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3727489-speka-vidstupae-u-ponedilok-ukraini-prognozuut-dosi-ta-grozi.html
As a result of the Russian Air Force in Syria, at least 13 people were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3727605-unaslidok-rosijskih-aviaudariv-u-sirii-zaginuli-sonajmense-13-ludej.html
Major-General Brayan Mennes congratulated the graduates of the Taras Shevchenko window
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/26/general-major-brayan-mennes-pryvitav-vypusknykiv-viknu-imeni-tarasa-shevchenka/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====