乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-27

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(15:40). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/26-may-kherson-khersonska-oblast1540-red-alerg
Donetsk Oblast, Zaporizka Oblast(20:48). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cove...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46581
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(20:50). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46582
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(21:50). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46587
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(21:51). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46588
For Ukrainians in Gdansk, a virtual administrator of CNAP was worked
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3714654-dla-ukrainciv-u-gdansku-zapracuvav-virtualnij-administrator-cnapu.html
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(01:04). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46591
Kherson, Kherson region, Mykolaiv, Mykolaiv region, Zaporizhzhya region, Kirovohrad OB ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46598
Odeska Oblast(02:48). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilneodesa/23550
Vinnytska Oblast(02:48). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46600
How to find out who is investigating the disappearance of a relative
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/yak-diznatysya-hto-rozsliduye-znyknennya-rodycha/
Ukraine must regain its south and become a member of NATO - Francis Fukuyama
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/ukrayina-povynna-povernuty-sobi-pivden-i-staty-chlenom-nato-frensis-fukuyama/
10 years behind bars will hold an enemy informant who "drained" the positions of the defenders of Mariupol
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/10-rokiv-za-gratamy-provede-vorozhyj-informator-yakyj-zlyvav-pozycziyi-zahysnykiv-mariupolya/
In Kharkiv region, a carefully disguised hiding place with Russian ammunition was found
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/na-harkivshhyni-znajdeno-shron-z-rosijskymy-boyeprypasamy/
Rashist manipulations: "Changing the church calendar in Ukraine is madness and bacchanalia"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/rashystski-manipulyacziyi-zmina-czerkovnogo-kalendarya-v-ukrayini-cze-bozhevillya-ta-vakhanaliya/
A serviceman of the Russian Federation under the estuary tells about unsuccessful offenses on the city - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/vijskovosluzhbovecz-rf-pid-lymanom-rozpovidaye-pro-nevdali-nastupy-na-misto-gur/
The suspicion of the Viecadmiral of the Russian Federation, which ordered the firing of Ukraine from the Black Sea was reported
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-viczeadmiralu-rf-yakyj-nakazav-obstrilyuvaty-ukrayinu-kalibramy-z-chornogo-morya/
Aviation of Defense Forces has struck 5 beats in areas of focus of occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-5-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-okupantiv-ta-zbyla-su-25/
In Madrid in test mode, Ukrainian "Passport Service" started work
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/u-madrydi-v-testovomu-rezhymi-rozpochav-robotu-ukrayinskyj-pasportnyj-servis/
Spain is preparing to transfer to Ukraine four more tanks Leopard 2 and a batch of M113 armored personnel carriers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/ispaniya-gotuyetsya-peredaty-ukrayini-shhe-chotyry-tanky-leopard-2-ta-partiyu-bronetransporteriv-m113/
Canada will transfer AIM-9 missiles to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/kanada-peredastt-ukrayini-partiyu-protypovitryanyh-raket/
Defense forces have repelled numerous enemy attacks in Marinka area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/22-bojovyh-zitknennya-vidbulosya-na-kupyanskomu-lymanskomu-bahmutskomu-avdiyivskomu-ta-maryinskomu-napryamkah/
Defense forces per day eliminated nearly 500 invaders, destroyed a plane and 25 artistem
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-litak-i-25-artsystem/
Night Attack from the Russian Federation: Air Defense forces destroyed 10 winged missiles, 23 "Shahda" and 2 reconnaissance UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/nichna-ataka-z-boku-rf-syly-ppo-znyshhyly-10-krylatyh-raket-23-shahedy-ta-2-rozviduvalnyh-bpla/
Japan exacerbates sanctions against
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/yaponiya-posylyuye-sankcziyi-proty-rosiyi/
Captain 1 Rank Stepan Yakimak: The Degree of Destruction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/kapitan-1-rangu-stepan-yakymyak-stupin-urazhennya-rosijskogo-korablya-ivan-hurs-vyvedenyj-z-ladu/
18 combat clashes took place in the east of the country
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/26/18-bojovyh-zitknen-vidbulos-na-shodi-krayiny/
After enemy shelling of Gulyaypol, rescuers pulled out of the rubble of a man
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715054-pisla-vorozih-obstriliv-gulajpola-ratuvalniki-vitagli-zpid-zavaliv-colovika.html
Bohun Military Lyceum Military Lyceum has released almost 300 cadets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3715073-kiivskij-vijskovij-licej-imeni-boguna-vipustiv-majze-300-kadetiv.html
May Musk was awarded in Cannes Oscar for Influeners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714949-mej-mask-nagorodili-v-kannah-oskarom-dla-influenseriv.html
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Shele Kolodyazhna, Dvorichny, Masivka, Kislivka, Kamyan ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4911
Konoplyanka left Krakow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715071-konoplanka-pokinuv-krakoviu.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Dibrova, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Ve...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4912
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Privilia, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Grigorye ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4913
Tandir's judge was taken into custody without bail
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3715069-suddu-tandira-vzali-pid-vartu-bez-prava-zastavi.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Avdiivka, Pervomaisko, Karlovka Andes Neoelsk of ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4914
"Luton" for the first time in history went out to the APL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715066-luton-vperse-v-istorii-vijsov-v-apl.html
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Heorhiyivka and Pobyeda of Donetsk region. Russian...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4915
The Russians have fired at Sumy Region 18 times a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715065-rosiani-za-den-18-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Paraskovivka, Coal And And Wisher. Rus ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4916
Rebrov officially announced the departure from the post of head coach "Al -in"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715063-rebrov-oficijno-ogolosiv-pro-vidhid-z-posadi-golovnogo-trenera-alajna.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka and Novosilka of Donetsk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4917
Ukraine won Hungary at the launch of a female golden Eurolege in volleyball
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715062-ukraina-peremogla-ugorsinu-na-starti-zinocoi-zolotoi-evroligi-z-volejbolu.html
At the head of the power party of Serbia President Vicich was replaced by the Minister of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715060-na-coli-vladnoi-partii-serbii-prezidenta-vucica-zminiv-ministr-oboroni.html
Ukraine defeated Northern Macedonia at the start of a male golden Eurolege in volleyball
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715058-ukraina-peremogla-pivnicnu-makedoniu-na-starti-colovicoi-zolotoi-evroligi-z-volejbolu.html
The invaders are denied the "hallway" for the departure of civilians from the eagle through Zaporozhye
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714905-zagarbniki-vidmovlaut-u-koridori-dla-viizdu-civilnih-z-orlo-cerez-zaporizza.html
Known names of the finalists of the World Cup with hockey
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715057-vidomi-imena-finalistiv-cs-z-hokeu.html
Russia loses along with those who are still trying to help her in terror - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715055-rosia-prograe-razom-z-timi-hto-se-namagaetsa-dopomagati-ij-u-terori-zelenskij.html
In Mariupol, the invaders do not clean the shells found near the houses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714890-u-mariupoli-zagarbniki-ne-pribiraut-viavleni-bila-budinkiv-snaradi.html
President: In turn - new, even larger sanctions packages
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715052-prezident-na-cerzi-novi-se-masstabnisi-sankcijni-paketi.html
Bavaria-32-time German champion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715048-bavaria-32razovij-cempion-nimeccini.html
The Russians made four more strokes on the border of Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715047-rosiani-zavdali-se-cotiri-udari-po-prikordonnu-cernigivsini.html
The energy areas of the frontlines have received over 40 tons of supports
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3715046-energetiki-prifrontovih-oblastej-otrimali-ponad-40-tonn-opor.html
More than 1500 activists were detained at the Hague's climate demonstration in Hague
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715044-na-klimaticnij-demonstracii-v-gaazi-zatrimali-sotni-aktivistiv.html
In Britain released a man who entered a car into a premiere residence gate
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715043-u-britanii-vidpustili-colovika-akij-vihav-na-avto-u-bramu-rezidencii-premera.html
The women's national team of Ukraine - European Champions on Academic Rowing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715042-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-cempionki-evropi-z-akademicnogo-vesluvanna.html
In the General Staff, the losses of Russian troops were specified
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715032-u-genstabi-utocnili-vtrati-rosijskih-vijsk.html
Judge's Tandir's precaution can be chosen today - DBR
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3715033-zapobiznij-zahid-suddi-tandiru-mozut-obrati-vze-sogodni-dbr.html
Svitolina: All prizes from the tournament in Strasbourg will go to Ukrainian children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715030-svitolina-usi-prizovi-z-turniru-v-strasburzi-vidpravlatsa-ukrainskim-ditam.html
At least 19 people were killed as a result of a bus accident in Cameroon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715028-sonajmense-19-ludej-zaginuli-vnaslidok-avarii-avtobusa-v-kameruni.html
Kuleba: China's specialist did not suggest to give Russia occupied Ukrainian territories
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715026-kuleba-specposlanec-kitau-ne-proponuvav-viddati-rosii-okupovani-ukrainski-teritorii.html
To Ukraine returned a minor guy deported by Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3714989-v-ukrainu-povernuli-nepovnolitnogo-hlopca-deportovanogo-rosianami-z-mariupola.html
Drone has dropped 2 explosive devices at power station in Belgorod
https://t.me/rusbrief/120764
Drone has dropped explosive device on police station in Mayski village of Belgorod region
https://t.me/huyovy_kharkiv/110941
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(08:58). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46610
2 explosions reported as result of drone attack at administrative building of Transneft pipel...
https://t.me/operativnoZSU/98148
Donetsk Oblast(10:09). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46612
JSC Sivershchyna And Slobozhanshchina DirecTion Rusian Army Shelled Senkivka, Sosnivka, Iron ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4910
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4918
Shelling reported in Schebekyne town of Belgorod region
https://t.me/shot_shot/52015
Zaporizka Oblast(11:51). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46614
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(12:30). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46616
Donetsk Oblast(14:23). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46618
2 Russian servicemen killed as drone attacked a vehicle on the road between Brovnichi and Sus...
https://t.me/ENews112/14008
Zaporizhzhya region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region (15:08). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Su ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46621
The Council proposes to create cultural and information centers of enslaved peoples of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3714816-u-radi-proponuut-stvoriti-v-ukraini-kulturnoinformacijni-centri-ponevolenih-narodiv-rosii.html
In Ukraine, 174 thousand square kilometers potentially contaminated with explosive objects
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714817-v-ukraini-174-tisaci-kvadratnih-kilometriv-potencijno-zabrudneni-vibuhonebezpecnimi-predmetami.html
The occupiers were taken to the Crimea exhibits from the Stone Tomb Reserve
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3714821-okupanti-vivezli-v-krim-eksponati-iz-zapovidnika-kamana-mogila.html
Bindl and Yastremskaya got rivals in the main grid "Rolan Harros"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714819-bajndl-i-astremska-otrimali-supernic-v-osnovnij-sitci-rolan-garros.html
In South Africa, a trial of a suspected genocide in Rwanda began
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714825-u-pivdennij-africi-rozpocavsa-sud-nad-pidozruvanim-u-genocidi-v-ruandi.html
Ukrainian Yulia Chumachenko won competitions in height in Cyprus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714829-ukrainka-ulia-cumacenko-vigrala-zmaganna-zi-stribkiv-u-visotu-na-kipri.html
Missile strike reported near port in Berdiansk in occupied part of Zaporizhzhia region
https://t.me/mash_donbass/4000
The Russian troops were fired at Bigorivka, Nevskoye, Dibrova and Stelmachivka during the day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714828-vijska-rf-protagom-dobi-obstriluvali-bilogorivku-nevske-dibrovu-i-stelmahivku.html
Wagnerivtsi began to move out of some positions in Bakhmut - British intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714831-vagnerivci-pocali-vidhoditi-z-deakih-pozicij-u-bahmuti-britanska-rozvidka.html
Ukraine has entered the unification of the European Union Govtech4all - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3714836-ukraina-uvijsla-do-obednanna-evrosouzu-govtech4all-fedorov.html
Explosions in Mariupol near railway station
https://t.me/mariupolnow/29761
You keep your front: Zelensky congratulated the employees of publishers, printing and book distribution
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3714837-trimaete-svij-front-zelenskij-privitav-pracivnikiv-vidavnictv-poligrafii-i-knigorozpovsudzenna.html
Violent explosions and fire in Schebekyne
https://t.me/lachentyt/29769
The army of the Russian Federation fired at nine regions of Ukraine - erection of OVA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714847-armia-rf-za-dobu-obstrilala-devat-regioniv-ukraini-zvedenna-ova.html
Vanata was recognized as the best Dynamo football player in May
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714848-vanata-viznali-najkrasim-futbolistom-dinamo-u-travni.html
In the Black and Azov Seas - six enemy ships, there are no rocket carriers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714852-u-cornomu-ta-azovskomu-morah-sist-voroziih-korabliv-raketonosiiv-nemae.html
Explosions in Nikolske near Mariupol
https://t.me/mariupolnow/29763
Danilov on a readiness for a counter -offensive: a historical opportunity that Ukraine cannot lose
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714854-danilov-pro-gotovnist-do-kontrnastupu-istoricna-mozlivist-aku-ukraina-ne-moze-vtratiti.html
Sumska Oblast(16:49). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46624
Volleyball Women's Team of Ukraine begins performances in golden Eurolysis
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714856-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-volejbolu-rozpocinae-vistupi-u-zolotij-evrolizi.html
Under Mariupol explosions came
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714857-pid-mariupolem-prolunali-vibuhi.html
27 Ukrainians were evacuated to Europe this week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3714862-na-likuvanna-do-evropi-cogo-tizna-evakuuvali-27-ukrainciv.html
Klitschko congratulated Kyiv on his birthday
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3714860-klicko-privitav-kiiv-z-dnem-narodzenna.html
In the capital per day, water level increased by 9 centimeters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3714864-u-stolici-za-dobu-riven-vodi-zbilsivsa-na-9-santimetriv.html
Hockey: The owners of the World Cup 2024 with the participation of national teams of Ukraine were determined
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714867-hokej-viznacilisa-gospodari-cs2024-za-ucastu-nacionalnih-zbirnih-ukraini.html
Defense forces keep the dominant heights under Bakhmut, but the promotion is paused - a painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714874-sili-oboroni-trimaut-panivni-visoti-pid-bahmutom-ale-prosuvanna-prizupinili-malar.html
Two Ukrainian Basketball Team 3x3 went out to the Big Twelve tournament playoffs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714873-dvi-zbirni-ukraini-z-basketbolu-3h3-vijsli-do-plejoff-turniru-big-twelve.html
1 person killed, 2 wounded in shelling today in Schebekyne district of Belgorod region
https://t.me/rbc_news/74968
UNICEF and the Ministry of Education launched the Super Super Support project for the development of preschoolers - Zelenskaya
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3714876-unisef-ta-minosviti-zapustili-proekt-iskorki-supersili-dla-rozvitku-doskilnat-zelenska.html
Japan conducted large -scale training with combat shooting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714880-u-aponii-proveli-masstabni-navcanna-z-bojovimi-strilbami.html
Zelensky put the NSDC decision on sanctions against 51 individuals and 220 legal entities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714883-zelenskij-vviv-u-diu-risenna-rnbo-pro-sankcii-proti-51-fizicnoi-ta-220-uridicnih-osib.html
Sumy region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Poltava region (18:01). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate ....
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46628
Ukraine asked Germany's winged Taurus missiles - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714885-ukraina-poprosila-u-nimeccini-krilati-raketi-taurus-zmi.html
Russia will be a danger to Britain in the event of defeat in Ukraine - the head of the Air Force
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714891-rosia-stanovitime-nebezpeku-dla-britanii-u-razi-porazki-v-ukraini-glava-vps.html
Russia brought one carbon carrier to the Black Sea - a total volley up to 4 missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714895-rosia-vivela-v-corne-more-odin-nosij-kalibriv-zagalnij-zalp-do-4-raket.html
Donetsk Oblast(18:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46629
The SBU has declared suspicion to four collaborators, among them the so -called Ministry of Emergencies officials
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714900-sbu-ogolosila-pidozru-cotirom-kolaborantam-sered-akih-tak-zvani-posadovci-mns-rf.html
Famous rivals of the national team of Ukraine in basketball 3x3 in the selection of euro
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714896-stali-vidomi-superniki-zbirnih-ukraini-z-basketbolu-3h3-u-vidbori-evro.html
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(18:35). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/15976
Kirovohradska Oblast(18:35). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46630
Ukraine's place in the European Union and NATO - German Foreign Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714897-misce-ukraini-v-evrosouzi-ta-nato-eksglava-mzs-nimeccini.html
Missile blow to the Dnieper: the OSCE was called the fire of the medical institution with a "particularly flashy act"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714892-raketnij-udar-po-dnipru-v-obse-nazvali-obstril-medzakladu-osoblivo-kricusim-aktom.html
Chinese aircraft carrier passed through the Taiwanese Strait - Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714902-kitajskij-avianosec-projsov-cerez-tajvansku-protoku-minoboroni.html
Danilov: Russians will only be able to take with them the land that will remain on the soles of their boots
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714906-danilov-rosiani-zmozut-zabrati-z-sobou-lise-tu-zemlu-so-zalisitsa-na-pidosvah-ihnih-cobit.html
Zelensky showed the photos as Ukrainians bring the victory closer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714910-zelenskij-pokazav-svitlini-ak-ukrainci-nablizaut-peremogu.html
There is a powerful pro -Ukrainian segment in Hungary - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714913-v-ugorsini-isnue-potuznij-proukrainskij-segment-ekspert.html
Donetsk Oblast(19:14). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46639
In Kherson the enemy fired two villages, there is a wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714915-na-hersonsini-vorog-obstrilav-dva-sela-e-poranena.html
In Bucha there was an explosion of gas in the house, the owner was injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714916-u-buci-stavsa-vibuh-gazu-v-budinku-postrazdav-gospodar.html
Ukrainians won "gold" and "bronze" at the Cup of Rowing on Canoe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714920-ukrainci-zdobuli-zoloto-ta-bronzu-na-kubku-svitu-z-vesluvanna-na-kanoe.html
Media Expert: To achieve fairness about Russian crimes, law and journalism should be combined
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3714924-dla-dosagnenna-spravedlivosti-sodo-voennih-zlociniv-rf-varto-poednuvati-pravo-i-zurnalistiku-mediaekspert.html
In Kharkiv, they found a two -year -old girl whose search lasted four days
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714930-na-harkivsini-znajsli-dvoricnu-divcinku-posuki-akoi-trivali-cotiri-dni.html
The delegation of the Council visited the German military base where Ukrainian military is trained
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714926-delegacia-radi-vidvidala-nimecku-vijskovu-bazu-de-prohodat-navcanna-ukrainski-vijskovi.html
Zaporizka Oblast(19:54). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/13127
Chinese specialist in a trip to Moscow has completed his mission
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714932-kitajskij-specposlanec-poizdkou-do-moskvi-zaversiv-svou-misiu.html
Chinese specialist in a trip to Moscow has completed his mission
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714932-kitajskij-specposlanec-poizdkou-do-moskvi-zaversiv-svou-misiu.html
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(20:12). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46641
Ukrainian military started training on Abrams tanks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714933-ukrainski-vijskovi-rozpocali-navcanna-na-tankah-abrams.html
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(20:18). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46642
Goland officially became the player of the English Football Premier League season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714934-goland-oficijno-stav-gravcem-sezonu-anglijskoi-futbolnoi-premerligi.html
Goland officially became the player of the English Football Premier League season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714934-goland-oficijno-stav-gravcem-sezonu-anglijskoi-futbolnoi-premerligi.html
The military destroyed in Bakhmut Russian "hail" with the help of drone from the army of drones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714936-vijskovi-znisili-u-bahmuti-rosijskij-grad-za-dopomogou-bezpilotnikiv-vid-armii-droniv.html
The military destroyed in Bakhmut Russian "hail" with the help of drone from the army of drones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714936-vijskovi-znisili-u-bahmuti-rosijskij-grad-za-dopomogou-bezpilotnikiv-vid-armii-droniv.html
In OP responded to the statements of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation about the "conditions" of termination of hostilities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3714941-v-op-vidreaguvali-na-zaavi-mzs-rf-pro-umovi-pripinenna-bojovih-dij.html
Thanks to surgery in the Belgorod region, Ukrainian intelligence has received important data - Yusov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714942-zavdaki-operacii-v-belgorodskij-oblasti-ukrainska-rozvidka-otrimala-vazlivi-dani-usov.html
1 person killed as result of shelling in Kostiantynivka
https://t.me/Novoeizdanie/52056
Twitter leaves the EU Voluntary Agreement to combat misinformation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3714945-twitter-vihodit-iz-dobrovilnoi-ugodi-es-pro-borotbu-z-dezinformacieu.html
The International Bar Association has approved a resolution calling for the creation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714946-miznarodna-asociacia-pravnikiv-uhvalila-rezoluciu-iz-zaklikom-sodo-stvorenna-spectribunalu-nad-rf.html
NATO called Kosovo's power to immediate tension de -escalation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714947-u-nato-zaklikali-vladu-kosova-do-negajnoi-deeskalacii-naprugi.html
Kateryna Montzul will judge the central match of the 29th round of UPL "Shakhtar"-"Dnipro-1"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714950-katerina-monzul-rozsudit-centralnij-matc-29go-turu-upl-sahtar-dnipro1.html
In two regions of Russia declare drones attack
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714954-u-dvoh-oblastah-rosii-zaavlaut-pro-ataki-droniv.html
Negotiations on the liberation of prisoners are conducted with subjects in the Russian Federation and to the Tot of Ukraine - coordination
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714955-peregovori-pro-vizvolenna-polonenih-vedutsa-z-subektami-u-rf-i-na-tot-ukraini-koordstab.html
Vuchich leaves the post of leader of the ruling party of Serbia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714948-vucic-jde-z-posadi-lidera-pravlacoi-partii-serbii.html
In Kiev, the driver on a pedestrian crossing ran into a baby in a stroller
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3714958-u-kievi-vodij-na-pisohidnomu-perehodi-naihav-na-ditinu-u-kolasci.html
In Glukhov in Sumy region, hostile shelling is damaged by a multi -storey
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714960-u-gluhovi-na-sumsini-vorozim-obstrilom-poskodzena-bagatopoverhivka.html
There are over 500 free state language learning in Ukraine in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3714961-v-ukraini-die-ponad-500-bezkostovnih-majdancikiv-dla-vivcenna-derzavnoi-movi.html
In Zaporozhye, the Special Service of the Russian Federation began to implement provocation with chemical weapons - GUR
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714970-na-zaporizzi-specsluzbi-rf-pocali-realizovuvati-provokaciu-z-himicnou-zbroeu-gur.html
Polissya players won the first league
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714965-futbolisti-polissa-vigrali-persu-ligu.html
In Sweden there is a personal exhibition of Ukrainian artist Valentina Beri
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3714964-u-svecii-vidbuvaetsa-personalna-vistavka-ukrainskoi-hudoznici-valentini-bero.html
Greece and Hungary block a new package of sanctions against Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3714973-grecia-ta-ugorsina-blokuut-novij-paket-sankcij-proti-rf.html
Crimean Tatars want to enter Europe - Zhumadilov in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3714974-krimski-tatari-hocut-u-skladi-ukraini-uvijti-v-evropu-zumadilov.html
In the Bryansk region, as a result of drone attack, two Russian military - media were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714977-u-branskij-oblasti-v-rezultati-ataki-drona-zaginuli-dvoe-rosijskih-vijskovih-zmi.html
Dynamo continued with Benito contract
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714978-dinamo-prodovzilo-kontrakt-z-benito.html
In the Kyiv region, an explosive device was detonated - a man lost a brush
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714979-na-kiivsini-zdetonuvav-vibuhovij-pristrij-colovik-vtrativ-kist.html
Kostin congratulated the adoption of the Convention on Cooperation in Investigation of International Crimes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3714982-kostin-privitav-uhvalenna-konvencii-pro-spivrobitnictvo-u-rozsliduvanni-miznarodnih-zlociniv.html
Canada went to the finals of the 2023 World Cup with hockey by beat Latvia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3714981-kanada-vijsla-u-final-cs2023-z-hokeu-obigravsi-latviu.html
In Mariupol - explosions all over the city
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714985-u-mariupoli-vibuhi-po-vsomu-mistu.html
In the US, the court rejected the claim of the star of the movie "Romeo and Juliet" in 1968 against Paramount
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3714987-u-ssa-sud-vidhiliv-pozov-zirok-filmu-romeo-i-dzuletta-1968-roku-proti-paramount.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
Kharkiv region: As a result of shelling of the village of Shipuvate, a woman, a wounded man was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714992-harkivsina-vnaslidok-obstriliv-sela-sipuvate-zaginula-zinka-poranenij-colovik.html
In Mariupol, the army of the Russian Federation lost 450 invaders killed in a week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714995-u-mariupoli-armia-rf-za-tizden-vtratila-vbitimi-450-zagarbnikiv.html
In Berdyansk District Council confirmed explosions near the city
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3714998-u-berdanskij-rajradi-pidtverdili-vibuhi-poblizu-mista.html
Svitolina won the WTA tournament for the second time in Strasbourg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715001-svitolina-vdruge-vigrala-turnir-wta-u-strazburzi.html
Denmark has created an investment fund for Ukraine for $ 133 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3715002-dania-stvorila-investicijnij-fond-dla-ukraini-na-133-miljoni.html
Henry Kissinger is celebrating his centennial anniversary today
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715003-genri-kissindzer-sogodni-svatkue-svij-storicnij-uvilej.html
The enemy fired Stepnogorsk in Zaporozhye, two wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715006-vorog-obstrilav-stepnogirsk-na-zaporizzi-dvoe-poranenih.html
In Bakhmut, border guards eliminated a group of invaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715008-u-bahmuti-prikordonniki-likviduvali-grupu-zagarbnikiv.html
The mayors of Mariupol and Brussels discussed the reconstruction of the Ukrainian city after its de -occupation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3715011-meri-mariupola-ta-brussela-obgovorili-vidbudovu-ukrainskogo-mista-pisla-jogo-deokupacii.html
Russia sends hundreds of German civil servants - in Berlin called the decision "unjustified"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715009-rosia-visilae-sotni-nimeckih-derzsluzbovciv-u-berlini-nazvali-risenna-neobgruntovanim.html
GRP allowed to arrest the judge who knocked to the death of the National Guard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3715018-vrp-dozvolila-arestuvati-suddu-akij-zbiv-na-smert-nacgvardijca.html
The General Staff showed how Ukrainian recruits are studying defense combat in Britain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715013-genstab-pokazav-ak-u-britanii-ukrainski-novobranci-vidpracovuut-vedenna-oboronnogo-bou.html
Diplomatic relations with Africa will open up new opportunities for Ukraine - Kuleba
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715021-diplomaticni-vidnosini-z-afrikou-vidkriut-dla-ukraini-novi-mozlivosti-kuleba.html
The Russians fired the village in Chernihiv region, damaged residential buildings and transmission lines
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715022-rosiani-obstrilali-selo-na-cernigivsini-poskodzeni-zitlovi-budinki-j-lep.html
Kuleba: China's specialist did not suggest to give Russia occupied Ukrainian territories
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715026-kuleba-specposlanec-kitau-ne-proponuvav-viddati-rosii-okupovani-ukrainski-teritorii.html
At least 19 people were killed as a result of a bus accident in Cameroon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715028-sonajmense-19-ludej-zaginuli-vnaslidok-avarii-avtobusa-v-kameruni.html
Svitolina: All prizes from the tournament in Strasbourg will go to Ukrainian children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715030-svitolina-usi-prizovi-z-turniru-v-strasburzi-vidpravlatsa-ukrainskim-ditam.html
Judge's Tandir's precaution can be chosen today - DBR
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3715033-zapobiznij-zahid-suddi-tandiru-mozut-obrati-vze-sogodni-dbr.html
In the General Staff, the losses of Russian troops were specified
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715032-u-genstabi-utocnili-vtrati-rosijskih-vijsk.html
The women's national team of Ukraine - European Champions on Academic Rowing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715042-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-cempionki-evropi-z-akademicnogo-vesluvanna.html
In Britain released a man who entered a car into a premiere residence gate
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715043-u-britanii-vidpustili-colovika-akij-vihav-na-avto-u-bramu-rezidencii-premera.html
More than 1500 activists were detained at the Hague's climate demonstration in Hague
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715044-na-klimaticnij-demonstracii-v-gaazi-zatrimali-sotni-aktivistiv.html
The energy areas of the frontlines have received over 40 tons of supports
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3715046-energetiki-prifrontovih-oblastej-otrimali-ponad-40-tonn-opor.html
The Russians made four more strokes on the border of Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715047-rosiani-zavdali-se-cotiri-udari-po-prikordonnu-cernigivsini.html
Bavaria-32-time German champion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715048-bavaria-32razovij-cempion-nimeccini.html
President: In turn - new, even larger sanctions packages
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715052-prezident-na-cerzi-novi-se-masstabnisi-sankcijni-paketi.html
In Mariupol, the invaders do not clean the shells found near the houses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714890-u-mariupoli-zagarbniki-ne-pribiraut-viavleni-bila-budinkiv-snaradi.html
Russia loses along with those who are still trying to help her in terror - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715055-rosia-prograe-razom-z-timi-hto-se-namagaetsa-dopomagati-ij-u-terori-zelenskij.html
Known names of the finalists of the World Cup with hockey
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715057-vidomi-imena-finalistiv-cs-z-hokeu.html
The invaders are denied the "hallway" for the departure of civilians from the eagle through Zaporozhye
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714905-zagarbniki-vidmovlaut-u-koridori-dla-viizdu-civilnih-z-orlo-cerez-zaporizza.html
Ukraine defeated Northern Macedonia at the start of a male golden Eurolege in volleyball
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715058-ukraina-peremogla-pivnicnu-makedoniu-na-starti-colovicoi-zolotoi-evroligi-z-volejbolu.html
At the head of the power party of Serbia President Vicich was replaced by the Minister of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715060-na-coli-vladnoi-partii-serbii-prezidenta-vucica-zminiv-ministr-oboroni.html
Ukraine won Hungary at the launch of a female golden Eurolege in volleyball
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715062-ukraina-peremogla-ugorsinu-na-starti-zinocoi-zolotoi-evroligi-z-volejbolu.html
Rebrov officially announced the departure from the post of head coach "Al -in"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715063-rebrov-oficijno-ogolosiv-pro-vidhid-z-posadi-golovnogo-trenera-alajna.html
The Russians have fired at Sumy Region 18 times a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715065-rosiani-za-den-18-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini.html
"Luton" for the first time in history went out to the APL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715066-luton-vperse-v-istorii-vijsov-v-apl.html
Tandir's judge was taken into custody without bail
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3715069-suddu-tandira-vzali-pid-vartu-bez-prava-zastavi.html
Konoplyanka left Krakow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715071-konoplanka-pokinuv-krakoviu.html
May Musk was awarded in Cannes Oscar for Influeners
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3714949-mej-mask-nagorodili-v-kannah-oskarom-dla-influenseriv.html
Bohun Military Lyceum Military Lyceum has released almost 300 cadets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3715073-kiivskij-vijskovij-licej-imeni-boguna-vipustiv-majze-300-kadetiv.html
After enemy shelling of Gulyaypol, rescuers pulled out of the rubble of a man
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715054-pisla-vorozih-obstriliv-gulajpola-ratuvalniki-vitagli-zpid-zavaliv-colovika.html
As in February, our defenders stopped the attack of Russian paratroopers in the bug area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/yak-u-lyutomu-nashi-zahysnyky-zupynyly-ataku-rosijskyh-desantnykiv-u-rajoni-vugledaru/
Ukrainian judoists won three medals on the first competitive day of the Grand Prix Upper Austria 2023 tournament tournament
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/ukrayinski-dzyudoyisty-zdobuly-try-medali-u-pershyj-zmagalnyj-den-turniru-grand-prix-upper-austria-2023/
At the session of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly, they considered the benefits of coordinated purchases and logistics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/na-sesiyi-parlamentskij-asambleyi-nato-rozglyanuly-perevagy-skoordynovanyh-zakupivel-i-logistyky/
Military Russian Federation asks parents to send money due to lack of security - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/vijskovyj-rf-prosyt-batkiv-vyslaty-groshi-cherez-vidsutnist-zabezpechennya-perehoplennya-gur/
Despite the large -scale invasion, two other health facilities will be organ transplantation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/shhe-u-dvoh-medzakladah-ukrayiny-budut-provodyty-transplantacziyu-organiv/
The procedure for distributing a subsidy for payment of compensation to persons with disabilities as a result of ATO/OOS has been approved
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/zatverdzheno-poryadok-rozpodilu-subvencziyi-na-vyplatu-kompensacziyi-osobam-z-invalidnistyu-vnaslidok-ato-oos/
The procedure for distributing a subsidy for payment of compensation to persons with disabilities as a result of ATO/OOS has been approved
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/zatverdzheno-poryadok-rozpodilu-subvencziyi-na-vyplatu-kompensacziyi-osobam-z-invalidnistyu-vnaslidok-ato-oos/
9 more fighters of terrorist organizations "L/DNR" have been collected
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/sbu-zibrala-dokazovu-bazu-na-shhe-9-bojovykiv-terorystychnyh-organizaczij-l-dnr/
Aviation of Defense Forces has struck 11 blows in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-11-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga-3/
About 20 Russian military was deserted in the Svatov area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/u-rajoni-svatovogo-dezertyruvaly-blyzko-20-vijskovyh-rf/
25 combat clashes took place in the east of the country
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/na-shodi-krayiny-vidbulos-25-bojovyh-zitknen/
Enemy's daily loss: minus 480 invaders, 22 artillery systems and 31 drones
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/dobovi-vtraty-voroga-minus-480-okupantiv-22-artylerijski-systemy-ta-31-bezpilotnyk/
It's time to turn his - Valery Zaluzhni
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/pryjshov-chas-povertaty-svoye/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-3/
Europe radically changed its philosophy on the military support of Ukraine - Ambassador of France
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/yevropa-radykalno-zminyla-svoyu-filosofiyu-shhodo-voyennoyi-pidtrymky-ukrayiny-posol-francziyi/
SCO warriors under Kremlin defeated the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/voyiny-sso-pid-kreminnoyu-rozgromyly-okupantiv/
In the Dnieper search work is completed: two people were killed, 32 wounded, three missing persons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/u-dnipri-poshukovi-roboty-zaversheno-dvoye-lyudej-zagynulo-32-poraneni-troye-znykli-bezvisty/
During the last day, Russian troops fired at the territories of 9 regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-rosijski-vijska-obstrilyaly-terytoriyu-9-oblastej-ukrayiny/
The aggressor country continues to apply anti-aircraft controlled missiles C-300 and C-400-Yuriy Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/krayina-agresor-prodovzhuye-zastosovuvaty-proty-czyvilnyh-obyektiv-zenitni-kerovani-rakety-kompleksiv-s-300-ta-s-400-yurij-ignat/
The enemy's activity in the Bakhmut direction has decreased significantly - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/aktyvnist-voroga-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-znachno-znyzylasya-sergij-cherevatyj/
British volunteers presented to Ukrainian soldiers and their international instructors positive emotions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/brytanski-volontery-podaruvaly-ukrayinskym-voyinam-ta-yihnim-mizhnarodnym-instruktoram-pozytyvni-emocziyi/
It is peace that we will leave our children and grandchildren as the legacy of today - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/same-myr-my-zalyshymo-nashym-dityam-i-onukam-yak-spadshhynu-sogodennya-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Our troops control Bakhmut's outskirts in the southwestern part-Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/nashi-vijska-kontrolyuyut-okolyczi-bahmuta-u-pivdenno-zahidnij-chastyni-ganna-malyar/
The experience of sabotage work gained in the first days of a large -scale war - Vasyl Malyuk is introduced in temporarily occupied territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/na-tymchasovo-okupovanyh-terytoriyah-vprovadzhuyetsya-dosvid-dyversijnoyi-roboty-zdobutyj-u-pershi-dni-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-vijny-vasyl-malyuk/
The Kiev Security Forum urged NATO to immediately give Ukraine membership
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/kyyivskyj-bezpekovyj-forum-zaklykav-nato-nevidkladno-nadaty-ukrayini-chlenstvo/
In the Black Sea, the enemy holds a rocket carrier with four "caliber"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/u-chornomu-mori-vorog-trymaye-raketonosij-z-chotyrma-kalibramy/
At Ivan Bohun KVL, a solemn issue of 299 lyceum students took place
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/u-kvl-imeni-ivana-boguna-vidbuvsya-urochystyj-vypusk-299-liczeyistiv/
After defeat in Ukraine, Russia will depend even more on China - Raja Mogan
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/pislya-porazky-v-ukrayini-rosiya-shhe-bilshe-zalezhatyme-vid-kytayu-radzha-mogan/
The Security Service of Ukraine has already found more than 300 Russian agents
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/sluzhba-bezpeky-ukrayiny-vyyavyla-vzhe-ponad-300-rosijskyh-agentiv/
The Head of State awarded 122 servicemen awards, 50 of them were posthumously
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/glava-derzhavy-vidznachyv-nagorodamy-122-vijskovosluzhbovczya-iz-nyh-50-posmertno/
US exhibit named three variants of Putin's prosecution to be held accountable for aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/eksposol-ssha-nazvav-try-varianty-prytyagnennya-putina-do-vidpovidalnosti-za-agresiyu/
Special services of the Russian Federation began to embody provocation with chemical weapons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/speczsluzhby-rf-rozpochaly-vtilyuvaty-provokacziyu-iz-himichnoyu-zbroyeyu/
Everything that happens in temporarily occupied territories becomes known to us at once - Vasily Mid.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/vse-shho-vidbuvayetsya-na-tymchasovo-okupovanyh-terytoriyah-staye-nam-vidomo-vidrazu-vasyl-malyuk/
As Ukrainian servicemen studied in Poland to fight on Leopard tanks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/yak-ukrayinski-vijskovosluzhbovczi-navchalys-osnovam-bronetankovogo-mystecztva-vykorystannya-tankiv-leopard-u-polshhi/
Occupants from barrel artillery fired at the city of Glukhiv in Sumy region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/okupanty-zi-stvolnoyi-artyleriyi-obstrilyaly-misto-gluhiv-na-sumshhyni/
On the outskirts of Bakhmut destroyed Russian "hail" with the help of drones
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/na-okolyczyah-bahmut-znyshheno-rosijskyj-grad-za-dopomogoyu-bezpilotnykiv/
Our defenders have repelled 13 enemy attacks during the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/nashi-zahysnyky-protyagom-doby-vidbyly-13-vorozhyh-atak/
The General Staff provided new data on enemy losses
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/generalnyj-shtab-nadav-novi-dani-shhodo-vtrat-protyvnyka/
In the temporarily occupied Lugansk, the Russians transferred the maternity hospital to the Wagner PEC "
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/u-lugansku-okupanty-peredaly-pologovyj-budynok-u-rozporyadzhennya-pvk-vagner/
In the temporarily occupied Lugansk, the Russians transferred the maternity hospital to the Wagner PEC "
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/u-lugansku-okupanty-peredaly-pologovyj-budynok-u-rozporyadzhennya-pvk-vagner/
Skya band transferred nearly 800,000 hryvnias to the national program "Save the limb"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/gurt-skaj-peredav-majzhe-800-000-gryven-naczionalnij-programi-vryatuj-kinczivku/
Negotiations on the liberation of prisoners are conducted with subjects in the Russian Federation and to the Tot of Ukraine - the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/peregovory-pro-vyzvolennya-polonenyh-vedutsya-z-subyektamy-u-rf-i-na-tot-ukrayiny-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
"Counterintelligence is a constant job" - Vasyl Malyuk told about exposing agent networks and detecting enemy agents
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/kontrrozvidka-cze-postijna-robota-vasyl-malyuk-rozpoviv-pro-vykryttya-agenturnyh-merezh-ta-vyyavlennya-vorozhyh-agentiv/
Ukrainian soldiers per day destroyed 3 enemy UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/ukrayinski-voyiny-za-dobu-znyshhyly-3-vorozhi-bpla/
The Convention on Cooperation in International Crime Investigation has been approved
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/uhvaleno-konvencziyu-pro-spivrobitnycztvo-u-rozsliduvanni-mizhnarodnyh-zlochyniv/
Canada will be close to support Ukraine in the short and long run - Anita Anand
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/kanada-bude-poruch-shhob-pidtrymuvaty-ukrayinu-v-korotkostrokovij-i-dovgostrokovij-perspektyvi-anita-anand/
The International Bar Association has approved a resolution calling for a special journal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/mizhnarodna-asocziacziya-pravnykiv-uhvalyla-rezolyucziyu-iz-zaklykom-pro-stvorennya-specztrybunalu/
We will continue our sanction steps, in line - new, even larger sanction packages - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/my-prodovzhymo-nashi-sankczijni-kroky-na-cherzi-novi-shhe-bilsh-masshtabni-sankczijni-pakety-prezydent-ukrayiny/
British instructors conducted fire training for our soldiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/brytanski-instruktory-provely-zanyattya-z-vognevoyi-pidgotovky-dlya-nashyh-voyiniv/
As a result of surgery in Belgorod region, information was collected for Ukrainian intelligence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/vnaslidok-operacziyi-u-byelgorodskij-oblasti-bula-zibrana-vazhlyva-dlya-ukrayinskoyi-rozvidky-informacziya/
Denmark opened a special investment fund for Ukraine worth 1 billion kroons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/daniya-vidkryla-speczialnyj-investyczijnyj-fond-dlya-ukrayiny-na-sumu-v-1-mlrd-kron/
Short. War. Day 458. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/korotko-vijna-den-458-videodajdzhest/
Governor of the Belgorod region stated that it was under fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715075-gubernator-belgorodskoi-oblasti-zaaviv-so-potrapiv-pid-obstril.html
In Ukraine in some places rains and thunderstorms, it will warm up to +26 ° in the afternoon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714939-v-ukraini-zavtra-podekudi-dosi-ta-grozi-vden-progrie-do-26.html
The enemy fired Kupyansk and circus in Kharkiv region, is dead and injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715074-vorog-obstrilav-kupansk-i-cirkuni-na-harkivsini-e-zagiblij-ta-poranena.html
The enemy fired Kupyansk and circus in Kharkiv region, is dead and injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715074-vorog-obstrilav-kupansk-i-cirkuni-na-harkivsini-e-zagiblij-ta-poranena.html
In Ukraine in some places rains and thunderstorms, it will warm up to +26 ° in the afternoon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3714939-v-ukraini-zavtra-podekudi-dosi-ta-grozi-vden-progrie-do-26.html
Governor of the Belgorod region stated that it was under fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715075-gubernator-belgorodskoi-oblasti-zaaviv-so-potrapiv-pid-obstril.html

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====