乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-07-04

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

Sivershchyna And Slobozhanshchina DirecTion Rusian Army Shelled Karpovichi, Khrinivka, Kamya ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5255
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Verkhnokamy...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5257
Aus Bakhmut Directive Russian Army Sheled Vasyukivka, Og Ale And Ivanivsk of Donetsk Region ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5258
At Avdiyivka direction Russian army shelled Avdiyivka and Pervomayske and Berdychi of Donetsk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5259
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Maryinka, Pobyeda and Novomykhaylivka of Donetsk r...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5260
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian Army Shelled Golden Niva, Greater Novosilka, Water Andes Coal ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5261
1 person killed as result of Russian drone attack in Sumy
https:\/\/liveuamap.com\/en\/2023\/3-july-1-person-killed-as-result-of-russian-drone-attack
There even the commander refuses to execute orders - Gur intercepting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/tam-navit-czej-komandyr-vidmovlyayetsya-vykonuvaty-nakazy-gur-perehoplennya/
Minireintegration has published advice on how to protect yourself in case of high levels of radiation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/minreintegracziyi-opublikuvalo-porady-yak-zahystyty-sebe-u-vypadku-pidvyshhenogo-rivnya-radiacziyi/
Our art struck the enemy management point and the personnel concentration area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/nasha-arta-vrazyla-vorozhyj-punkt-upravlinnya-ta-rajon-zoseredzhennya-osobovogo-skladu/
More than 230 thousand invaders have been destroyed by Ukrainian defenders since the beginning of large -scale aggression of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/ponad-230-tysyach-okupantiv-znyshhyly-ukrayinski-zahysnyky-z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnoyi-agresiyi-rf/
3 winged missiles and 8 shock UAVs of Russians were destroyed by the air defense forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/sylamy-ppo-znyshheno-3-krylati-rakety-ta-8-udarnyh-bpla-rosiyan/
The Ukrainian Bakhmut flag will be lifted in Vilnius at NATO summit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/ukrayinskyj-prapor-z-bahmuta-pidnimut-u-vilnyusi-na-samiti-nato/
That will forever enter the history of the Navy of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/shho-nazavzhdy-uvijde-do-istoriyi-vms-zsu/
Residents of three regions can master new specialties for free
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/meshkanczi-troh-regioniv-mozhut-bezoplatno-opanuvaty-novi-speczialnosti/
The legal and social bases of formation of motivation for the protection of the Motherland were discussed on a round table in Kiev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/pravovi-j-soczialni-osnovy-formuvannya-motyvacziyi-do-zahystu-batkivshhyny-obgovoryly-na-kruglomu-stoli-v-kyyevi/
During the day, 39 combat clashes took place in 4 directions. Ukrainian defenders repelled all enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/protyagom-doby-na-4-napryamkah-vidbulosya-39-bojovyh-zitknen-ukrayinski-zahysnyky-vidbyly-vsi-ataky-voroga/
Anna Malyar: Last week Ukraine managed to release over 37 square kilometers of territory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/ganna-malyar-za-mynulyj-tyzhden-ukrayini-vdalosya-zvilnyty-ponad-37-kvadratnyh-kilometriv-terytoriyi/
Military Crimes of Russia: More than 96 thousand cases have been recorded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/voyenni-zlochyny-rosiyi-zafiksovano-ponad-96-tysyach-vypadkiv/
Ukrainian "gods of war" turned into scrap field composition from BC Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/ukrayinski-bogy-vijny-peretvoryly-v-bruht-polovyj-sklad-z-bk-rosiyan/
Fabris Potier: The Summit in Wales was the first to consider its main mission in Europe
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/fabris-potye-samit-v-uelsi-buv-pershym-de-nato-rozglyadalo-svoyu-osnovnu-misiyu-v-yevropi/
Latvia continued temporary protection for Ukrainians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/latviya-prodovzhyla-tymchasovyj-zahyst-dlya-ukrayinskyh-shukachiv-prytulku/
At the Taras Sich Field Kitchen Festival, Vinnitsa residents collected over 100 thousand hryvnias for the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/na-festyvali-polovoyi-kuhni-pamyati-tarasa-sycha-vinnychany-zibraly-ponad-100-tysyach-gryven-dlya-zsu/
The reception of questionnaires to the reserve of state bodies for work in deoocular territories has been started
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/rozpochato-pryjom-anket-do-rezervu-praczivnykiv-derzhavnyh-organiv-dlya-roboty-na-deokupovanyh-terytoriyah/
Power develops an algorithm of action in the event of evacuation of the population from the territories near the ZEP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/vlada-rozroblyaye-algorytm-dij-u-razi-evakuacziyi-naselennya-iz-terytorij-poblyzu-zaes/
Didier Reinders: Ratification of the Roman Statute by Ukraine will help in condemning crimes of Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/didye-rejnerds-ratyfikacziya-rymskogo-statutu-ukrayinoyu-dopomozhe-v-zasudzhenni-zlochyniv-rosiyan/
"Irki-laboratoryers man, hiding, did not go, says: on x..p"-intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/irky-laborantky-cholovik-hovayetsya-ne-pishov-kazhe-na-h-r-perehoplennya-gur/
Denis Frame: Ukrainian air defense has strengthened significantly. Is an achievement of both Western weapons and our people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/03/denys-smazhnyj-ukrayinska-ppo-suttyevo-zmicznila-cze-dosyagnennya-yak-zahidnogo-ozbroyennya-tak-i-nashyh-lyudej/
Defense forces are gradually moving on one of Bakhmut's flanks and in the south - a painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731470-sili-oboroni-postupovo-prosuvautsa-na-odnomu-z-flangiv-bahmuta-i-na-pivdni-malar.html
The Russians from January tried to move in the east but they failed - a painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731463-rosiani-z-sicna-namagalisa-prosunutisa-na-shodi-ale-im-nicogo-ne-vdalosa-malar.html
At Kupiansk and Lyman directions Russian army shelled Petro-Ivanivka, Novomlynsk, Kupyansk of...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5265
ZEZ lost power from the main power line - IAEA
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731392-zaes-vtratila-zivlenna-z-osnovnoi-linii-elektroperedac-magate.html
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Kramatorsk, Konstantinovka, Vasukivka, Bogdanivka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5266
Among hospitalized in Pervomaisky after Russian shelling - two babies
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731352-sered-gospitalizovanih-u-pervomajskomu-pisla-rosijskogo-obstrilu-dvoe-nemovlat.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Kerramik, Avdiivka, Severne, Water Andes Nevelsk ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5267
In the event of an explosion at the residents of the Radiation Accident Zone should be prepared for evacuation - the Ministry of Health
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731532-u-razi-vibuhu-na-zaes-meskanci-zoni-radiacijnoi-avarii-maut-buti-gotovimi-do-evakuacii-moz.html
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St.
https://t.me/lumsrc/5268
AT Shakhtarsk Directive Russian Army Sheled Blavodatne, Vukhledar, Bokhoynalen, Shakhotrsk ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5269
Zaporizhzhia And Kherson Directioz Rusian Army Shelled Gulyaipilsk, Belogoiria, Little Tok ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5270
Ukrainian basketball players gave way to Slovaks on Euro 2023 (U18)
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731529-ukrainski-basketbolistki-postupilisa-slovackam-na-evro2023-u18.html
In Greater Novgorod there was a large fire in the production building
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731527-u-velikomu-novgorodi-stalasa-velika-pozeza-u-virobnicij-budivli.html
In Energodar and Mariupol, Russian mobile radiation laboratories were noticed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731526-v-energodari-ta-mariupoli-pomitili-rosijski-mobilni-radiacijni-laboratorii.html
The State Property Foundation sells the Resin Chemical Plant
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731523-fond-derzmajna-prodae-himzavod-smoli.html
Pope envoy is working on a mechanism for returning stolen children to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731522-poslannik-papi-rimskogo-pracue-nad-mehanizmom-povernenna-vikradenih-ditej-do-ukraini.html
Zorya won the first match under the guidance of Lalatovich
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731519-zora-vigrala-persij-matc-pid-kerivnictvom-lalatovica.html
Two drones were shot down in New Moscow near the village of Valuevo, there were no injuries o...
https://t.me/rian_ru/207782
Restrictions on the aircraft traffic at Vnukovo Airport have been extended until 08:00, Rosav...
https://t.me/rian_ru/207789
Drone shot down near Kubinka near Moscow
https://t.me/rian_ru/207786
Russian drone has dropped explosives on the Marganets community yesterday evening
https://t.me/dneproperatyv/67166
More explosions reported in Novaya Moskva
https://t.me/informburo_sfd/194490
One of the drones crashed into a garage in the village of Krivosheino in New Moscow - source....
https://t.me/ENews112/14441
Explosions were reported in Kostiantynivka
https://t.me/novosti_donbass24/50381
2 person killed as result of Russian artillery shelling in Kherson
https://t.me/Tsaplienko/35103
Death toll of Russian drone attack in Sumy increased to 3 killed, 21 wounded
https://t.me/Tsaplienko/35102
Shahed-type drone was shot down over Sumy region
https://t.me/operativnoZSU/103986
JSC Sivershchyna And Slobozhanshchina Directions Rusyan Army Shelled Bachivsk, Hodine, Boat ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5264
Missile strike was reported at military warehouses in Yakymivka
https://t.me/info_zp/39988
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5271
3 wounded as result of shelling in Buda-Vorobivska in Chernihiv region
https://t.me/UkraineNow/35624
NATO Allies extend the mandate of Secretary General @jensstoltenberg for a 4th time
https://twitter.com/natopress/status/1676159583708954625
12 person wounded, including 5 children as result of explosion in Pervomaiskyi of Kharkiv region
https://t.me/synegubov/6578
1 person wounded as result of Russian attacks in Zaporizhzhia region yesterday
https://t.me/info_zp/40005
Explosions reported in Kherson after aircraft launched bombs
https://t.me/c/1206076820/42583
Heavy explosion reported in Sevastopol
https://t.me/chp_sevastopol/17555
31 wounded as result of Russian missile strike with Iskander missile in Pervomaiskyi of Khark...
https://t.me/kharkivlife/63463
Ukrainian Defense Forces to reinforce northern border in connection with events at Zaporizhzhia...
https://t.me/channel24_ua/95221
In the Chernihiv region, the losses of the environment through Russian shelling are more than ₴ 18 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731535-na-cernigivsini-zbitki-dovkillu-cerez-rosijski-obstrili-stanovlat-ponad-18-milardiv.html
“Every shot exactly in the target!”: SCO snipers in Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/kozhen-postril-tochno-v-czil-kadry-roboty-snajperiv-sso-u-bahmuti/
Dynamo started training at Austria's meeting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731543-dinamo-rozpocalo-trenuvanna-na-zborah-v-avstrii.html
The death of cadets in Kharkiv region: the court left the suspect under house arrest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731544-zagibel-kursantiv-na-harkivsini-sud-zalisiv-pidozruvanogo-pid-domasnim-arestom.html
Chernihiv Oblast: A mobile mobile class from mine safety started
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/chernigivska-oblast-rozpochav-robotu-peresuvnyj-mobilnyj-klas-z-minnoyi-bezpeky/
A drone was found in Troitsa village of Moscow region
https://t.me/ENews112/14447
General Staff of Armed forces of Ukraine says Russian troops deployed possible explosive devi...
https://t.me/UkraineNow/35644
Zelensky reported Macron about possible Russian provocations for ZPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731545-zelenskij-povidomiv-makrona-pro-mozlivi-rosijski-provokacii-na-zaes.html
Special robots are planned to be transferred to Americans to Vinnytsia Rescuers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/speczialnyh-robotiv-rozminovuvachiv-planuyut-peredaty-amerykanczi-vinnyczkym-ryatuvalnykam/
The world sees that the only source of danger to the ZPP is Russia - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731547-svit-bacit-so-edinim-dzerelom-nebezpeki-dla-zaes-e-same-rosia-prezident.html
Zelensky awarded 13 police Order for Courage
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731334-zelenskij-nagorodiv-13-policejskih-ordenom-za-muznist.html
MP Alekseev left the detention center on bail of 2.2 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731345-deputat-alekseev-vijsov-iz-sizo-pid-zastavu-u-22-miljona.html
On the Right Bank of Kherson region, one settlement remains flooded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731339-na-pravoberezzi-hersonsini-zalisaetsa-pidtoplenim-odin-naselenij-punkt.html
In Tel Aviv, a man in a car knocked people down and pounced on passers -by with a knife - seven wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731343-u-telavivi-colovik-na-avtomobili-zbiv-ludej-i-nakinuvsa-na-perehozih-iz-nozem-semero-poraneni.html
The number of victims from shelling in Pervomaisky increased to 31
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731350-kilkist-postrazdalih-vid-obstrilu-u-pervomajskomu-zrosla-do-31.html
The Armed Forces operate very clearly and organized in the war with the Russians - Scholz
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731520-zsu-u-vijni-z-rosianami-diut-duze-citko-ta-organizovano-solc.html
In the south defense forces destroyed three boats and a field point of Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731353-na-pivdni-sili-oboroni-znisili-tri-covni-ta-polovij-punkt-rosian.html
Explosions were reported in Donetsk
https://t.me/lachentyt/31371
In Ukraine this year, more than 18,000 transactions of sale of land - Minagro have been concluded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731347-v-ukraini-cogoric-uklali-ponad-18-tisac-ugod-kupivliprodazu-zemli-minagro.html
Explosions were reported in Makiivka and Donetsk
https://t.me/UkraineNow/35649
Exports of agricultural products from Ukraine's seaports in a week decreased by 23% - UKAB
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731349-eksport-agroprodukcii-z-morskih-portiv-ukraini-za-tizden-skorotivsa-na-23.html
In the Lviv Regional Council, all 34 deputies of conscript age received the summons
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731370-u-lvivskij-oblradi-povistki-otrimali-vsi-34-deputati-prizovnogo-viku.html
Russia was deprived of the rights to hold a female CHE-2026 handball
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731355-rosiu-pozbavili-prava-na-provedenna-zinocogo-ce2026-z-gandbolu.html
Happens in life - GUR commented on night explosions in Moscow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731362-traplaetsa-u-zitti-gur-prokomentuvalo-nicni-vibuhi-v-moskvi.html
In Estonia, a gala concert of the Odessa Opera "Suveooper 4.0" took place
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3731363-v-estonii-vidbuvsa-galakoncert-odeskoi-operi-suveooper-40.html
Ukrainians who worked in the CIS countries will calculate the length of service proportionally
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731364-ukraincam-aki-pracuvali-v-krainah-snd-obcisluvatimut-trudovij-staz-proporcijno.html
Police are investigating more than 84,000 proceedings on Russian -Military Crimes - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731373-policia-rozslidue-ponad-84-tisac-provadzen-sodo-voennih-zlociniv-rosian-zelenskij.html
There are 9 enemy attacks in the Bakhmut direction, on Marinski - 15
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-vidbyto-9-atak-protyvnyka-na-maryinskomu-15/
Explosions were reported over Belgorod region
https://t.me/huyovy_kharkiv/115519
Money, villas and yachts: Italy has already frozen € 2 billion of assets of Russian oligarchs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731371-grosi-villi-ta-ahti-italia-zamorozila-vze-2-milardi-aktiviv-rosijskih-oligarhiv.html
Local budgets in June listed ₴ 24.3 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731375-miscevim-budzetam-u-cervni-pererahuvali-243-milarda-minfin.html
Naev: The Northern Border was exacerbated by personnel and equipment through events around ZPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731377-pivnicnij-kordon-posilili-osobovim-skladom-ta-bojovou-tehnikou-cerez-podii-navkolo-zaes-naev.html
Russia hit the Kharkiv region with the S-300 air defense system. Some of the rockets exploded...
https://t.me/ukrinform_news/103898
In Uzhgorod, the minisculput will be established by a police officer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731380-v-uzgorodi-vstanovlat-miniskulptura-policejskomu.html
Zelensky participated in the opening of the Center for Strategic Analysis and Forecasting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731382-zelenskij-uzav-ucast-u-vidkritti-centru-strategicnogo-analizu-ta-prognozuvanna-mvs.html
None of the Himars systems have not been hidden - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731383-zodnu-iz-sistem-himars-rosiani-dosi-ne-vpoluvali-malar.html
In intelligence, it is believed that Prigogine will be in Belarus, but will not be based
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731386-u-rozvidci-vvazaut-so-prigozin-u-bilorusi-buvatime-ale-ne-bazuvatimetsa.html
Serbian coach Lalatovich headed Zorya
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731387-serbskij-trener-lalatovic-ocoliv-zoru.html
On the roof of several power units of the Russian NPP, Russians placed objects similar to explosives - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731549-zelenskij-na-dahu-kilkoh-energoblokiv-zaes-rosiani-rozmistili-predmeti-shozi-na-vibuhivku.html
The UN Council will hold an urgent meeting due to the burning of the Qur'an in Sweden
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731388-rada-oon-provede-terminove-zasidanna-cerez-spalenna-koranu-u-svecii.html
At the gas station began to rise in the car
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731390-na-azs-pocav-dorozcati-avtogaz.html
The IAEA inspection was successfully conducted at Rivne NPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731393-na-rivnenskij-aes-uspisno-proveli-inspekciu-magate.html
Kvasnevsky spoke about the role of Volyn tragedy for Ukraine and Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731394-kvasnevskij-vislovivsa-pro-rol-volinskoi-tragedii-dla-ukraini-j-polsi.html
Zelensky congratulated the US on Independence Day: for us honor to be allies
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731396-zelenskij-privitav-ssa-z-dnem-nezaleznosti-dla-nas-cest-buti-souznikami.html
Kravchuk officially became a player of "Minai"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731397-kravcuk-oficijno-stav-gravcem-minau.html
In Russia, the Mig-31 fighter fell again
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731399-u-rosii-znovu-vpav-vinisuvac-mig31.html
In the Ministry of Health will develop a protocol of treatment of game addiction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731400-u-moz-rozroblat-protokol-likuvanna-igrovoi-zaleznosti.html
Explosions in Crimea will stop when the Russians go from there - intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3731407-vibuhi-u-krimu-pripinatsa-koli-rosiani-zvidti-pidut-rozvidka.html
EU condemned political repression in
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731405-es-zasudiv-politicni-represii-u-rosii.html
Injured in Pervomaisky a 10-month-old child is in intensive care
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731425-poranena-v-pervomajskomu-10misacna-ditina-perebuvae-v-reanimacii.html
Newspapers in front -line and deocal territories operate in economical mode - NSFU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731411-gazeti-na-prifrontovih-i-deokupovanih-teritoriah-pracuut-v-ekonomnomu-rezimi-nszu.html
Zorya's FC Expenditer has been suspected of tax evasion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731412-eksgendirektoru-fk-zora-ogolosili-pidozru-v-uhilenni-vid-splati-podatkiv.html
The government has already directed over ₴ 4 billion to overcome the consequences
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731415-urad-uze-spramuvav-ponad-4-milardi-dla-podolanna-naslidkiv-pidrivu-na-kahovskij-ges.html
About a thousand objects were removed from accounting and shelter maps in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3731418-z-obliku-ta-mapi-ukrittiv-u-kievi-znali-blizko-tisaci-obektiv.html
Stoltenberg and Zelensky discussed the preparation for the NATO summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731422-stoltenberg-i-zelenskij-obgovorili-pidgotovku-do-samitu-nato.html
The Ministry of Finance has placed the EPS for more than ₴ 6 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731424-minfin-rozmistiv-ovdp-na-ponad-6-milardiv.html
The enemy struck the Kharkiv region C-300 rockets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731551-vorog-zavdav-udariv-po-harkivsini-raketami-s300.html
In Pervomaisky, the number of wounded through shelling increased to 38
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731427-u-pervomajskomu-kilkist-poranenih-cerez-obstril-zrosla-do-38.html
States and Russia discuss the possible exchange of journalist Gershkovich and other Kremlin prisoners - media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731423-stati-i-rosia-obgovoruut-mozlivij-obmin-zurnalista-gerskovica-ta-insih-vazniv-kremla-zmi.html
When Ministry of Research, they create a DREAM Project Office
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3731428-pri-minvidnovlenni-stvoruut-proektnij-ofis-dream.html
In Chernihiv region, 10 more damaged by the Russians were restored by the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3731430-na-cernigivsini-vidnovili-se-10-poskodzenih-rosianami-medzakladiv.html
The Cabinet is expanding the Eosel's program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731431-kabmin-rozsirue-programu-eosela.html
Ukraine has already received $ 23.6 billion this year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731433-ukraina-cogoric-uze-otrimala-236-milarda-makrofinansovoi-dopomogi.html
RVIA units struck three SPRs and enemy Reb Station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/pidrozdily-rvia-urazyly-try-zrk-ta-stancziyu-reb-protyvnyka/
Macron stated that the peak of riots in France has passed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731434-makron-zaaviv-so-pik-zavorusen-u-francii-minuv.html
The heat is forecast almost all over Ukraine, in some places - rains and thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731282-speku-prognozuut-majze-po-vsij-ukraini-podekudi-dosi-ta-grozi.html
Under Bakhmut was killed by Lviv restaurateur and artist Andrey Gudima
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731437-pid-bahmutom-zaginuv-lvivskij-restorator-i-hudoznik-andrij-gudima.html
For the victims of Kakhovsk Hydroelectric Power Plants, a 150-kilometer water supply will be built
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731436-dla-postrazdalih-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-naselenih-punktiv-pobuduut-150kilometrovij-vodogin.html
Government allocates almost ₴ 5.3 billion per recovery in ten areas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3731432-urad-vidilae-majze-53-milarda-na-vidnovlenna-v-desati-oblastah.html
In Kherson and Mykolaiv region, the soil will be explored in flooded territories
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731439-na-hersonsini-ta-mikolaivsini-doslidat-grunt-na-zatoplenih-teritoriah.html
Dynamo Batumi rented Tyitaisvili
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731443-dinamo-batumi-orenduvalo-citaisvili.html
Under Mariupol found a dead 12-year-old girl-the murder is suspected of military Russian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731444-pid-mariupolem-znajsli-mertvou-12ricnu-divcinku-u-vbivstvi-pidozruut-vijskovogo-rf.html
23.7 billion - Shmigal have already been distributed from the Fund for Recovery of the Consequences
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3731445-z-fondu-likvidacii-naslidkiv-vijni-na-vidbudovu-vze-rozpodilili-237-milarda-smigal.html
KOYKOKUK KOSTUK DOOKS ON WIMBLDON LIKED through the rain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731446-poedinok-ukrainki-kostuk-na-vimbldoni-perenesli-cerez-dos.html
The government has improved the work Prozorro Market
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731447-urad-vdoskonaliv-robotu-prozorro-market.html
The number of wounded in Pervomaisky increased to 43, including 12 children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731455-kilkist-poranenih-u-pervomajskomu-zrosla-do-43-sered-nih-12-ditej.html
Shmigal told about preparation for the heating season - how many accumulated gas and coal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731452-smigal-rozpoviv-pro-pidgotovku-do-opaluvalnogo-sezonu-skilki-nakopicili-gazu-j-vugilla.html
In Rivne because of the drain stopped trolleybuses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731458-u-rivnomu-cerez-zlivu-zupinilisa-trolejbusi.html
The decay of Russia is a matter of time - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731459-rozpad-rosii-e-pitannam-casu-ekspert.html
Pervomaisk rocket strike: Rescuers still bypass damaged homes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731555-raketnij-udar-po-pervomajsku-ratuvalniki-dosi-obhodat-poskodzeni-budinki.html
The Ukrainian Youth Union of America launched a summer camp in New York
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3731329-spilka-ukrainskoi-molodi-ameriki-rozpocala-litne-taboruvanna-u-stati-nujork.html
In Italy found a tourist who robbed the inscription on the Colosseum
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731461-v-italii-znajsla-turista-akij-viskrabav-napis-na-kolizei.html
In the capital through heat will introduce traffic restrictions for trucks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3731467-u-stolici-cerez-speku-vvedut-obmezenna-ruhu-dla-vantazivok.html
The Russians disperse fakes about alleged plans of Ukraine to attack Drones - Intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731472-rosiani-rozganaut-fejki-pro-nibito-plani-ukraini-atakuvati-zaes-dronami-rozvidka.html
Euro 2023. Spain's match - Ukraine will be judged by the Belgian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731471-evro2023-matc-ispania-ukraina-suditime-belgiec.html
Strike on Pervomaisky: In the Kraken special unit, they associate shelling with the funeral of the brothers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731475-udar-po-pervomajskomu-u-specpidrozdili-kraken-povazuut-obstril-iz-pohoronom-pobratima.html
In the south defense forces are fixed on new borders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731480-na-melitopolskomu-j-berdanskomu-napramkah-sili-oboroni-zakripluutsa-na-novih-rubezah.html
500 UAVs are transferred to the Ukrainian military as part of the Drone Army Project
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731481-ukrainskim-vijskovim-peredaut-500-bpla-u-ramkah-proektu-armia-droniv.html
In Kharkiv region in the forest on an explosive, a woman was blown up
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731482-na-harkivsini-u-lisi-na-vibuhivci-pidirvalasa-zinka.html
Rotan: "Guys are motivated, we understand the power of the Spanish national team"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731484-rotan-hlopci-vmotivovani-mi-rozumiemo-silu-zbirnoi-ispanii.html
The Armed Forces warn of possible preparation by the Russians provocation at the Zaporozhye NPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731487-zsu-poperedzaut-pro-mozlivu-pidgotovku-rosianami-provokacii-na-zaporizkij-aes.html
Painter: Our offensive has not increased the number of losses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731488-malar-nas-nastup-ne-zbilsiv-kilkist-vtrat.html
The President will hold a meeting on security issues with the Ministry of Internal Affairs and the SBU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731553-prezident-provede-naradu-sodo-pitan-bezpeki-z-kerivnictvom-mvs-ta-sbu.html
Borrel called the need for further support of Ukraine the main lesson of rebellion in
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731533-borrel-nazvav-neobhidnist-podalsoi-pidtrimki-ukraini-golovnim-urokom-zakolotu-v-rosii.html
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated nearly 800 invaders, destroyed 32 artsystems and 6 RSZV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-800-okupantiv-znyshhyly-32-artsystemy-i-6-rszv/
Russian DRGs tried to break through in the Seversky and Slobozhansky directions - the General Staff
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731492-rosijski-drg-namagalisa-prorvatisa-na-siverskomu-j-slobozanskomu-napramkah-genstab.html
The British Admiral commented on the course of Ukrainian counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731493-britanskij-admiral-prokomentuvav-hid-ukrainskogo-kontrnastupu.html
Yermak-Macfola group presented a new document to strengthen sanctions against MIC
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731497-grupa-ermakamakfola-predstavila-novij-dokument-sodo-posilenna-sankcij-proti-rosijskogo-vpk.html
The government has improved legislation in the field of subsoil use
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731499-urad-udoskonaliv-zakonodavstvo-u-sferi-koristuvanna-nadrami.html
Painter about the likelihood of a terrorist attack on the ZPE: no limits for the madness of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731477-malar-pro-jmovirnist-teraktu-na-zaes-nemae-mez-dla-bezumstva-rosii.html
Russia hit the Pervomaisky Iskander -K missile - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731500-rosia-zastosuvala-po-pervomajskomu-raketu-iskanderk-ignat.html
The Ukrainian Football Student team won bronze at the European Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731502-studentska-zbirna-ukraini-z-futbolu-zdobula-bronzu-na-cempionati-evropi.html
In Transcarpathia, the massive fish were recorded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731503-na-zakarpatti-zafiksuvali-masovij-mor-ribi.html
The State Property Fund creates a unit for managing the seized assets of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731504-u-fondi-derzmajna-stvoruut-pidrozdil-z-upravlinna-vilucenimi-aktivami-rf.html
The enemy intensified fires on the northern border - Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731491-vorog-posiliv-obstrili-na-pivnicnomu-kordoni-minoboroni.html
In Sumy region, they create a regional system for detecting air targets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731508-na-sumsini-stvoruut-regionalnu-sistemu-viavlenna-povitranih-cilej.html
The OSCE Parliamentary Assembly recognized Russia with a sponsor of terrorism, and the Wagnerians were terrorists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731512-parlamentska-asamblea-obse-viznala-rosiu-sponsorom-terorizmu-a-vagnerivciv-teroristami.html
30 Ukrainian judoists will perform at the European Cup in Estonia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731510-30-ukrainskih-dzudoistiv-vistuplat-na-kubku-evropi-v-estonii.html
In the US allowed a test prototype of a flying vehicle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3731515-u-ssa-dozvolili-viprobuvanna-prototipu-letucogo-avtomobila.html
Zorya won the first match under the guidance of Lalatovich
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731519-zora-vigrala-persij-matc-pid-kerivnictvom-lalatovica.html
Pope envoy is working on a mechanism for returning stolen children to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731522-poslannik-papi-rimskogo-pracue-nad-mehanizmom-povernenna-vikradenih-ditej-do-ukraini.html
The State Property Foundation sells the Resin Chemical Plant
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731523-fond-derzmajna-prodae-himzavod-smoli.html
In Energodar and Mariupol, Russian mobile radiation laboratories were noticed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731526-v-energodari-ta-mariupoli-pomitili-rosijski-mobilni-radiacijni-laboratorii.html
In Greater Novgorod there was a large fire in the production building
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731527-u-velikomu-novgorodi-stalasa-velika-pozeza-u-virobnicij-budivli.html
Ukrainian basketball players gave way to Slovaks on Euro 2023 (U18)
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731529-ukrainski-basketbolistki-postupilisa-slovackam-na-evro2023-u18.html
In the event of an explosion at the residents of the Radiation Accident Zone should be prepared for evacuation - the Ministry of Health
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731532-u-razi-vibuhu-na-zaes-meskanci-zoni-radiacijnoi-avarii-maut-buti-gotovimi-do-evakuacii-moz.html
In the Chernihiv region, the losses of the environment through Russian shelling are more than ₴ 18 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731535-na-cernigivsini-zbitki-dovkillu-cerez-rosijski-obstrili-stanovlat-ponad-18-milardiv.html
Borrel called the need for further support of Ukraine the main lesson of rebellion in
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731533-borrel-nazvav-neobhidnist-podalsoi-pidtrimki-ukraini-golovnim-urokom-zakolotu-v-rosii.html
In Lithuania, international exercises of the MSO "Strong and One - 2023" began
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/u-lytvi-tryvayut-mizhnarodni-navchannya-sso-sylni-ta-yedyni-2023/
The authors of the song "Good evening, we are from Ukraine" will perform on the parade of Independence Day of the United States
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3731536-avtori-pisni-dobrogo-vecora-mi-z-ukraini-vistuplat-na-paradi-do-dna-nezaleznosti-ssa.html
Biden insists on the reform of weapons circulation after new mass shootings in the United States
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731534-bajden-napolagae-na-reformi-obigu-zbroi-pisla-novih-masovih-rozstriliv-u-ssa.html
Spain's U21 Mentor: Ukraine holds a wonderful tourna
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731538-nasnavnik-ispanii-u21-ukraina-provodit-cudovij-turnir-a-mudrik-pospravznomu-se-ne-grav.html
In the case of a terrorist attack on the Apocalypse, there will be no contamination - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731537-u-razi-teraktu-na-zaes-apokalipsisu-ne-bude-ale-trapitsa-zabrudnenna-ekspert.html
Russia changes tactics to slow down the counter -offensive of the Armed Forces - the Ministry of Defense of Britain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731540-rosia-zminue-taktiku-sob-upovilniti-kontrnastup-zsu-minoboroni-britanii.html
Ermak and US Ambassador visited an exhibition dedicated to Ukraine's struggle with Russian aggression
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731541-ermak-ta-posol-ssa-vidvidali-vistavku-prisvacenu-borotbi-ukraini-z-rosijskou-agresieu.html
Russians 36 times fired at Sumy region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731542-rosiani-36-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-ova.html
Dynamo started training at Austria's meeting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731543-dinamo-rozpocalo-trenuvanna-na-zborah-v-avstrii.html
The death of cadets in Kharkiv region: the court left the suspect under house arrest
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3731544-zagibel-kursantiv-na-harkivsini-sud-zalisiv-pidozruvanogo-pid-domasnim-arestom.html
Zelensky reported Macron about possible Russian provocations for ZPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731545-zelenskij-povidomiv-makrona-pro-mozlivi-rosijski-provokacii-na-zaes.html
The world sees that the only source of danger to the ZPP is Russia - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731547-svit-bacit-so-edinim-dzerelom-nebezpeki-dla-zaes-e-same-rosia-prezident.html
The Armed Forces operate very clearly and organized in the war with the Russians - Scholz
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731520-zsu-u-vijni-z-rosianami-diut-duze-citko-ta-organizovano-solc.html
On the roof of several power units of the Russian NPP, Russians placed objects similar to explosives - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731549-zelenskij-na-dahu-kilkoh-energoblokiv-zaes-rosiani-rozmistili-predmeti-shozi-na-vibuhivku.html
The enemy struck the Kharkiv region C-300 rockets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731551-vorog-zavdav-udariv-po-harkivsini-raketami-s300.html
Pervomaisk rocket strike: Rescuers still bypass damaged homes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731555-raketnij-udar-po-pervomajsku-ratuvalniki-dosi-obhodat-poskodzeni-budinki.html
The President will hold a meeting on security issues with the Ministry of Internal Affairs and the SBU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3731553-prezident-provede-naradu-sodo-pitan-bezpeki-z-kerivnictvom-mvs-ta-sbu.html
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-2/
Defense forces continue to conduct offensive operations on Bakhmut, Melitopol and Berdyansk directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/syly-oborony-prodovzhuyut-vesty-nastupalni-operacziyi-na-bahmutskomu-melitopolskomu-i-berdyanskomu-napryamkah/
Ukraine and NATO founded a new council that will help strengthen the defense capability
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ukrayina-ta-nato-zasnuvaly-novu-radu-yaka-dopomozhe-zmicznyty-oboronozdatnist/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy and German Chancellor coordinated positions on the eve of NATO Vilnius Summit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/volodymyr-zelenskyj-ta-kanczler-nimechchyny-skoordynuvaly-pozycziyi-naperedodni-vilnyuskogo-samitu-nato/
Russia limited the access of the Red Cross to prisoners of Ukrainian defenders - Coordination Headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/rosiya-obmezhyla-dostup-chervonogo-hresta-do-polonenyh-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
It is impossible to imagine the future of Europe without Ukraine - the President of the European Commission
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/nemozhlyvo-uyavyty-majbutnye-yevropy-bez-ukrayiny-prezydentka-yevrokomisiyi/
The last days are particularly yielding - Alexey Danilov on the successes of the Defense Forces of Ukraine at the front
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ostanni-dni-osoblyvo-vrozhajni-oleksij-danilov-pro-uspihy-syl-oborony-ukrayiny-na-fronti/
Today at 12:00 at Military Media Center there will be an online exclusion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/sogodni-o-1200-u-military-media-center-vidbudetsya-onlajn-vklyuchennya-vijskovogo-analityka-polkovnyka-petra-chernyka/
The authors of the song "Good evening, we are from Ukraine" will perform on the parade of Independence Day of the United States
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3731536-avtori-pisni-dobrogo-vecora-mi-z-ukraini-vistuplat-na-paradi-do-dna-nezaleznosti-ssa.html
In the morning, the invaders fired at the mortars of Sumy and Chernihiv border with mortars
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/zranku-okupanty-obstrilyaly-z-minometiv-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-i-chernigivshhyny/
Military-political situation around our country and the reaction of the world to recent events in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/voyenno-politychna-obstanovka-navkolo-nashoyi-derzhavy-i-reakcziya-svitu-na-ostanni-podiyi-v-ukrayini/
Representatives of the Main Directorate of the State Aviation of Ukraine took part in a meeting of NATO Aviation Committee
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/predstavnyky-golovnogo-upravlinnya-derzhavnoyi-aviacziyi-ukrayiny-vzyaly-uchast-u-zasidanni-aviaczijnogo-komitetu-nato/
More than 15 hectares of water areas of the Nikolaev area were cleared of explosive objects
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ponad-15-ga-akvatorij-mykolayivskoyi-oblasti-ochyshheno-vid-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
The North Atlantic Council continued the authority of Jens Stoltenberg as a NATO Secretary General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/pivnichnoatlantychna-rada-prodovzhyla-povnovazhennya-yensa-stoltenberga-na-posadi-genseka-nato/
Ukrainian law enforcement officers in France borrowed the experience of investigating military crimes against children
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ukrayinski-pravoohoronczi-u-francziyi-perejmaly-dosvid-rozsliduvannya-voyennyh-zlochyniv-stosovno-ditej/
Biden insists on the reform of weapons circulation after new mass shootings in the United States
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731534-bajden-napolagae-na-reformi-obigu-zbroi-pisla-novih-masovih-rozstriliv-u-ssa.html
Ukraine will receive multifunctional F-16 fighters from partner countries-the decision has already been made
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ukrayina-otrymaye-vid-krayin-partneriv-bagatofunkczionalni-vynyshhuvachi-f-16-rishennya-vzhe-uhvaleno/
About 42 thousand women serve in the Armed Forces, 5000 of them are in the leading positions - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/blyzko-42-tysyach-zhinok-sluzhat-u-zsu-5000-iz-nyh-perebuvayut-na-perednih-pozycziyah-ganna-malyar/
Switzerland increases the support of recovery of Ukrainian schools
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/shvejczariya-zbilshuye-pidtrymku-vidnovlennya-ukrayinskyh-shkil/
The Ministry of Defense avoided the introduction of information censorship during the war - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/minoborony-unyknulo-zaprovadzhennya-informaczijnoyi-czenzury-pid-chas-vijny-ganna-malyar/
The situation with external power supply remains very vulnerable - the IAEA
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/sytuacziya-iz-zovnishnimy-elektropostachannyam-zaes-zalyshayetsya-duzhe-vrazlyvoyu-magate/
The war will end only after the collapse of the Russian Federation - Peter Chernik
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/vijna-zakinchytsya-lyshe-pislya-rozpadu-rf-petro-chernyk/
Over the past day, our warriors destroyed 16 Shahaneda in the air battle
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/u-protypovitryanomu-boyu-nashi-voyiny-znyshhyly-16-shahed-iv/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy discussed with Sweden Prime Minister Defense Support of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/volodymyr-zelenskyj-obgovoryv-z-premyer-ministrom-shvecziyi-oboronnu-pidtrymku-ukrayiny/
In Luhansk region, the occupiers staged two hospitals in children's wellness camps
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/na-luganshhyni-okupanty-vlashtuvaly-dva-shpytali-u-dytyachyh-ozdorovchyh-taborah/
Spain's U21 Mentor: Ukraine holds a wonderful tourna
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3731538-nasnavnik-ispanii-u21-ukraina-provodit-cudovij-turnir-a-mudrik-pospravznomu-se-ne-grav.html
In my opinion, the most important rule of this war is not rustle - Petro Chernik
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/na-mij-poglyad-najgolovnishe-pravylo-cziyeyi-vijny-cze-nepospih-petro-chernyk/
Defense Ministers of Poland and Germany: We need to find the best solutions to help Ukraine as soon as possible
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ministry-oborony-polshhi-ta-nimechchyny-nam-potribno-yaknajshvydshe-znajty-najkrashhi-rishennya-dlya-dopomogy-ukrayini/
Ukrainian artillery is much better than Russian - military expert
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ukrayinska-artyleriya-znachno-yakisnisha-za-rosijsku-vijskovyj-ekspert/
Today for an hour for hotline calls will be responsible
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/sogodni-protyagom-godyny-na-dzvinky-garyachoyi-liniyi-vidpovidatyme-komanduvach-syl-tro-zsu/
The Russian agent, who was preparing a rocket strike of the Russian Federation on a defensive plant in Nikolaev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/vykryto-agenta-rf-yakyj-gotuvav-raketnyj-udar-rf-po-oboronnomu-zavodu-u-mykolayevi/
More than 4,000 servicemen will ensure the safety of NATO summit in Vilnius
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ponad-4-tysyachi-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-zabezpechuvatymut-bezpeku-samitu-nato-u-vilnyusi/
Hard times need strong leadership: Dmytro Kuleba congratulated the continuation of Jens Stoltenberg's mandate
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/vazhki-chasy-potrebuyut-sylnogo-liderstva-dmytro-kuleba-pryvitav-prodovzhennya-mandatu-yensa-stolterberga/
More than 300 explosive items were neutralized by pyrotechnics per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ponad-300-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-zneshkodyly-pirotehniky-za-dobu-3/
Defense forces have knocked out an enemy from a number of positions in the Tavriya direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/syly-oborony-vybyly-voroga-z-nyzky-pozyczij-na-tavrijskomu-napryamku/
Thank you for the support, share your values: Alexei Reznikov congratulated the US on Independence Day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/dyakuyemo-za-pidtrymku-rozdilyayemo-vashi-czinnosti-oleksij-reznikov-pryvitav-ssha-z-dnem-nezalezhnosti/
Russian invaders destroyed 585 cultural infrastructure - MKIP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/rosijski-okupanty-znyshhyly-585-obyektiv-kulturnoyi-infrastruktury-mkip/
In the case of a terrorist attack on the Apocalypse, there will be no contamination - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731537-u-razi-teraktu-na-zaes-apokalipsisu-ne-bude-ale-trapitsa-zabrudnenna-ekspert.html
Parliament has registered a law on the creation of a patronage service for veterans
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/u-parlamenti-zareyestrovano-zakonoproyekt-zi-stvorennya-patronatnoyi-sluzhby-dlya-veteraniv/
The Prosecutor General's Office documented almost 114,000 crimes against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ofis-generalnogo-prokurora-zadokumentuvav-majzhe-114-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-ukrayiny/
Involvement of "Wagner" for a new offensive by Belarus is unlikely - an expert
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/zaluchennya-vagnerivcziv-dlya-novogo-nastupu-z-boku-bilorusi-malojmovirne-ekspert/
The Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces appointed a new chief of Odessa regional shopping center and JV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/golovnokomanduvach-zsu-pryznachyv-novogo-nachalnyka-odeskogo-oblasnogo-tczk-ta-sp/
The shelling of the Russian Army of Pervomaisky in Kharkiv region: 31 persons were injured, 9 children were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/obstril-armiyeyu-rf-pervomajskogo-na-harkivshhyni-poraneno-31-osobu-z-nyh-9-ditej/
During the day, more than 118 settlements of Ukraine were fired, the dead and wounded were fired
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/vprodovzh-doby-okupaty-obstrilyaly-ponad-118-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-ye-zagybli-j-poraneni/
Due to the events at the Zaporozhye NPP Ukraine intensifies the state border in the north
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/cherez-podiyi-na-zaporizkij-aes-ukrayina-posylyuye-derzhavnyj-kordon-na-pivnochi/
The invader holds in the Black Sea one rocket carrier with eight "caliber"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/zagarbnyk-trymaye-v-chornomu-mori-odyn-raketonosij-z-vismoma-kalibramy/
Explosions in the Crimea will stop when the raciers go away from - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/vybuhy-u-krymu-prypynyatsya-koly-rashysty-zvidty-pidut-get-gur/
The Armed Forces during the offensive can release a large part of the occupied territories - a military expert
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/zsu-pid-chas-nastupu-mozhut-zvilnyty-znachnu-ploshhu-okupovanyh-terytorij-vijskovyj-ekspert/
Russia changes tactics to slow down the counter -offensive of the Armed Forces - the Ministry of Defense of Britain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731540-rosia-zminue-taktiku-sob-upovilniti-kontrnastup-zsu-minoboroni-britanii.html
Deportation of more than 1,700 people from Kherson region - the exclusive of the Kherson colony raised suspicion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/deportacziya-ponad-1700-osib-iz-hersonshhyny-ekskerivnyku-hersonskoyi-koloniyi-vysunuto-pidozru-u-porushenni-zakoniv-ta-zvychayiv-vijny/
Alexei Reznikov congratulated police officers on a professional holiday
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/oleksij-reznikov-pryvitav-policzejskyh-iz-profesijnym-svyatom/
Defense forces have inflicted 13 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/syly-oborony-zavdaly-13-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
Why does the occupying power in the south carry out forced certification - an explanation of Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/chomu-okupaczijna-vlada-na-pivdni-zdijsnyuye-prymusovu-pasportyzacziyu-rozyasnennya-ganny-malyar/
There are no boundaries that the Russian Federation has gone in her madness - Anna Malyar on a possible blasting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/nemaye-mezh-na-yaki-b-ne-pishla-rosijska-federacziya-u-svoyemu-bezumstvi-ganna-malyar-shhodo-mozhlyvogo-pidryvu-zaes-okupantamy/
Anna Malyar: Thanks to the American people for HIMARS who have become a weapon of victory for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ganna-malyar-dyakuyemo-amerykanskomu-narodu-za-himars-yaki-staly-dlya-ukrayiny-zbroyeyu-peremogy/
The invaders are preparing provocation for the NPPs in the near future – General Staff
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/rashysty-gotuyut-provokacziyu-na-zaes-vzhe-najblyzhchym-chasom-genshtab/
Greetings to the President of Ukraine to the American people on US Independence Day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/vitannya-prezydenta-ukrayiny-amerykanskomu-narodovi-z-dnem-nezalezhnosti-ssha/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy had a telephone conversation with NATO Secretary General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/volodymyr-zelenskyj-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-generalnym-sekretarem-nato/
Denis Shmigal: In the priority of the army, economy, recovery
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/denys-shmygal-v-prioryteti-armiya-ekonomika-vidnovlennya/
Questions have arisen while passing VLK - call the hotline
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/vynykly-pytannya-pry-prohodzhenni-vlk-telefonuj-na-garyachu-liniyu/
Ermak and US Ambassador visited an exhibition dedicated to Ukraine's struggle with Russian aggression
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3731541-ermak-ta-posol-ssa-vidvidali-vistavku-prisvacenu-borotbi-ukraini-z-rosijskou-agresieu.html
The Ministry of Health reminded the actions in the event of a radiation accident
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/u-moz-nagadaly-pro-diyi-u-razi-radiaczijnoyi-avariyi/
Our art struck the area of concentration of living power, weapons and military equipment of the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/nasha-arta-urazyla-rajon-zoseredzhennya-zhyvoyi-syly-ozbroyennya-ta-vijskovoyi-tehniky-protyvnyka/
Germany and Denmark will pass the Leopard tanks to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/nimechchyna-i-daniya-peredadut-ukrayini-tanky-leopard/
Drunk racists are systematically mocked by local residents in Donetsk region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/pyani-rashysty-systematychno-znushhayutsya-z-misczevyh-meshkancziv-na-donechchyni/
At a summit in Vilnius NATO will make changes to the Alliance Planning System
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/na-samiti-u-vilnyusi-nato-vnese-zminy-u-systemu-planuvannya-alyansu/
“Our results: we move on, the enemy is no” - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/nashi-rezultaty-my-prosuvayemos-vorog-ni-ganna-malyar/
The world sees that the only source of danger to the Zaporizhzhya NPP is Russia itself - the President of Ukraine's appeal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/svit-bachyt-shho-yedynym-dzherelom-nebezpeky-dlya-zaporizkoyi-aes-ye-same-rosiya-zvernennya-prezydenta-ukrayiny/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy: there is no space for maneuvers in the battlefield
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/volodymyr-zelenskyj-u-rosiyi-nemaye-prostoru-dlya-manevriv-na-poli-boyu/
More than 500 UAVs will be transferred to the Armed Forces - Mikhail Fedorov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/ponad-500-bpla-peredadut-dlya-zsu-myhajlo-fedorov/
The situation in the area of responsibility OK "South" remains difficult and tense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/04/obstanovka-v-zoni-vidpovidalnosti-ok-pivden-zalyshayetsya-skladnoyu-ta-napruzhenoyu/
Russians 36 times fired at Sumy region border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731542-rosiani-36-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-ova.html
A powerful "cotton" at the enemy ammunition was in the occupied Makeevka
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731557-v-okupovanij-makiivci-stalasa-potuzna-bavovna-na-skladi-boepripasiv-voroga.html
Eurostat fixes the reduction of energy imports from Russia after invasion of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731262-evrostat-fiksue-zmensenna-importu-energonosiiv-iz-rosii-pisla-vtorgnenna-v-ukrainu.html
Biden discussed with Scholz preparation for NATO summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731556-bajden-obgovoriv-z-solcom-pidgotovku-do-samitu-nato.html
Biden discussed with Scholz preparation for NATO summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3731556-bajden-obgovoriv-z-solcom-pidgotovku-do-samitu-nato.html
Eurostat fixes the reduction of energy imports from Russia after invasion of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731262-evrostat-fiksue-zmensenna-importu-energonosiiv-iz-rosii-pisla-vtorgnenna-v-ukrainu.html
A powerful "cotton" at the enemy ammunition was in the occupied Makeevka
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3731557-v-okupovanij-makiivci-stalasa-potuzna-bavovna-na-skladi-boepripasiv-voroga.html
Russian Foreign Ministry again threatens to break the "grain agreement"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3731558-rosijske-mzs-vkotre-pogrozue-zirvati-zernovu-ugodu.html
On the Russian Federation of Bankruts manufacturer of "Grads" and "Tornado"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/na-rf-zbankrutiv-vyrobnyk-gradiv-ta-tornado/
China gave up Russian aircraft engines
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/kytaj-vidmovyvsya-vid-rosijskyh-aviadvyguniv/
明纳帕德和其他安全部队的债务被归类为俄罗斯联邦
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/05/na-rf-zasekretyly-borgy-minnapadu-ta-inshyh-sylovykiv/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====