乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-08

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled  Khrinivka, Karpovychi, T...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4708
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled Krasne First, Mitrofanivka, Novomlinsk, two -year ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4709
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled Krasne First, Mitrofanivka, Novomlinsk, two -year ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4709
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka and Nevske of Luhansk region and Bilohorivk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4710
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vesele, Minkivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Markovo, Bach ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4711
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vesele, Minkivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Markovo, Bach ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4711
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Berdyshi, Avdiivka, Severne, Karlovka, Netilov ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4712
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Serhiivka and Pobeda of Donetsk region, - Generator...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4713
Head of the office of President of Ukraine Yermak had a phone call with National Security Adv...
https://t.me/ermaka2022/2613
Donetsk Oblast(23:32). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44689
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(23:41). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44690
Zaporizka Oblast(00:15). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44693
Kyiv(01:12). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/chanel24/87417
Zaporizka Oblast(01:53). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12684
Donetsk region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region (02:05). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding ....
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44697
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(02:06). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44698
Nikolaev, Mykolaiv region, Kherson, Kherson region (02:09). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. WITH...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44701
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(04:34). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24609
Donetsk Oblast(04:35). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44718
MUU chief of GUR held a meeting with the Ambassador of the Program for Safe Lithuania
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/07/nachalnyk-gur-mou-proviv-zustrich-z-poslom-programy-prezydenta-lytovskoyi-respubliky-za-bezpechnu-lytvu/
Special Forces showed how difficult tasks at the hottest points
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/07/speczpryznachenczi-pokazaly-yak-vykonuyut-nadskladni-zadachi-u-najgaryachishyh-tochkah/
The new head of the Red Cross International Committee in Ukraine visited the Presidential Office
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/07/novyj-glava-delegacziyi-mizhnarodnogo-komitetu-chervonogo-hresta-v-ukrayini-zustrivsya-z-zastupnykom-kerivnyka-ofisu-prezydenta/
In April, the National Information Bureau accepted about 19 thousand appeals
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/07/u-kvitni-naczionalne-informaczijne-byuro-pryjnyalo-blyzko-19-tysyach-zvernen/
How to talk about your military experience while employment to work
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/07/yak-rozpovidaty-pro-svij-vijskovyj-dosvid-pry-praczevlashtuvanni-na-robotu/
Reported suspicion to Russian senators who supported the "accession" to the Russian Federation of temporarily occupied regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/07/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-rosijskym-senatoram-yaki-pidtrymaly-pryyednannya-do-rf-tymchasovo-okupovanyh-regioniv-ukrayiny/
Over the past day, our defenders destroyed 15 UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/07/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-nashi-zahysnyky-znyshhyly-15-bpla/
Russian invaders evacuate the inhabitants of Energodar in the direction of Berdyansk and Primorsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/07/rosijski-okupanty-evakujovuyut-zhyteliv-energodara-u-napryamku-berdyanska-ta-prymorska/
In the Starobilsky district, the invaders have arranged a field hospital, where up to 70 people are treated
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/07/u-starobilskomu-rajoni-zagarbnyky-oblashtuvaly-polovyj-shpytal-de-likuyutsya-do-70-osib/
Dmitry Kuleb in Harvard urged Asian countries to give up neutrality and support Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/07/dmytro-kuleba-u-garvardi-zaklykav-krayiny-aziyi-vidmovytysya-vid-nejtralnosti-ta-pidtrymaty-ukrayinu/
As our drone destroys the Russian Mur-P Observation Complex
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/07/yak-nash-bezpilotnyk-znyshhuye-rosijskyj-kompleks-sposterezhennya-murom-p/
Swiss company will put about 20 vehicles for demining in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/07/shvejczarska-kompaniya-postavyt-v-ukrayinu-blyzko-20-mashyn-dlya-rozminuvannya/
Defense forces eliminated more than 660 invaders, destroyed 6 tanks and 18 UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/07/syly-oborony-likviduvaly-ponad-660-okupantiv-znyshhyly-6-tankiv-ta-18-bpla/
Defense forces eliminated more than 660 invaders, destroyed 6 tanks and 18 UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/07/syly-oborony-likviduvaly-ponad-660-okupantiv-znyshhyly-6-tankiv-ta-18-bpla/
I am sure that our national team will represent Ukraine with Invictus Games-2023-Yulia Laputina
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/07/vpevnena-shho-nasha-naczionalna-zbirna-gidno-predstavyt-ukrayinu-na-invictus-games-2023-yuliya-laputina/
What military equipment is needed for Ukraine for counter -offensive?
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/07/yaka-vijskova-tehnika-potribna-ukrayini-dlya-kontrnastupu/
Sweden expects to become a member of NATO in Vilnius Summit - Minister of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706377-svecia-rozrahovue-stati-clenom-nato-do-vilnuskogo-samitu-ministr-oboroni.html
In Ukraine tomorrow up to +17 °, but in some places - night frosts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706325-v-ukraini-zavtra-do-17-ale-podekudi-nicni-zamorozki.html
In Ukraine tomorrow up to +17 °, but in some places - night frosts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706325-v-ukraini-zavtra-do-17-ale-podekudi-nicni-zamorozki.html
USA - About China's peaceful efforts: It is important to work in close coordination with Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706495-ssa-pro-mirni-zusilla-kitau-vazlivo-pracuvati-v-tisnij-koordinacii-z-ukrainou.html
Ukrainian journalists won the Pulitzer Prize
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3706514-ukrainci-zdobuli-pulitcerivsku-premiu.html
In Izmir opened the first in the world in the world "UAP-SOCE"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706513-v-izmiri-vidkrili-dla-vidviduvaciv-persij-u-sviti-bplanosec.html
JSC Sivershchyna And Slobozhanshchina Directions Rusian Army Shelled Orlikivka, Timonovichi, with ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4718
Drobovich: Russia poisoned the memory of World War II and the concept of May 9
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706512-drobovic-rosia-otruila-pamat-pro-drugu-svitovu-vijnu-ta-koncepciu-9-travna.html
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Krasne Pershe, Fyholivka, Novomlynsk, Zapadne, Lym...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4719
The European Parliament tomorrow will vote on the Acting Authority Act
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706509-evroparlament-zavtra-golosuvatime-sodo-aktu-z-pidtrimki-virobnictva-boepripasiv.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Stelmakhivka, Makiyivka and Nevske of Luhansk region ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4720
UPL: Klimchuk and Ponomarev are the best in the 25th round
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706511-upl-klimcuk-ta-ponomarov-najkrasi-u-25mu-turi.html
Aus Bakhmut Directive Russian Army Shelled Zalizyansk, Orekhovo-Vasilyevka, Novomarkov, Mark ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4721
Poland is said to be no hurry Ukrainians with a counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706510-u-polsi-kazut-so-ne-potribno-kvapiti-ukrainciv-z-kontrnastupom.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Kerramik, Novokalin, reed, Berdyshi, Avdie ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4722
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Kurakhov And Vesed ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4723
The enemy increased the intensity of attacks on Bakhmut and increased the number of soldiers - Kombrig Grishchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706508-vorog-pidvisiv-intensivnist-atak-na-bahmut-i-zbilsiv-kilkist-soldativ-kombrig-grisenko.html
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novomikhailivka, Katerynivka, Elizabeth, Wu ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4724
There was a fight with 300 people at the Turkish polling station in Amsterdam.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706507-na-tureckij-viborcij-dilnici-v-amsterdami-stalasa-bijka-za-ucasti-300-ludej.html
In seven cities of Ukraine there are educational centers for children from Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706506-u-semi-mistah-ukraini-pracuut-osvitni-oseredki-dla-ditej-z-bahmuta.html
In the Dnieper - Explosions, Ova Chairman reports the work of air defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706505-u-dnipri-prolunali-vibuhi.html
Determined the rival of Yastremskaya in the finale of WTA tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706504-viznacilasa-supernica-astremskoi-u-finali-kvalifikacii-turniru-wta-v-rimi.html
President: We are preparing a system of action that will help to exchang the territory faster
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706503-prezident-gotuemo-sistemu-dij-aka-dopomoze-svidse-rozminovuvati-teritorii.html
The Russians beat in Kharkiv region C -300 rockets - they recorded three hits
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706502-rosiani-but-po-harkivsini-raketami-s300-e-tri-vlucanna.html
Italy Embassy called for citizens to refuse travel to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706501-posolstvo-italii-zaklikalo-gromadan-vidmovitis-vid-poizdok-do-ukraini.html
Ukraine should study the experience of Israel in the construction of a strong state during the war - Kondratyuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706499-ukraini-varto-vivciti-dosvid-izrailu-u-pobudovi-silnoi-derzavi-pid-cas-vijni-kondratuk.html
Zelensky told the details of today's rate meeting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706500-zelenskij-rozpoviv-pro-detali-sogodnisnogo-zasidanna-stavki.html
Russian troops are striking in Kharkiv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706498-vijska-rf-zavdaut-udariv-po-harkovu.html
President: The success of Ukrainians in defense against Russian aggression is an antidote against other aggression
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706497-prezident-uspihi-ukrainciv-v-oboroni-proti-agresii-rf-ce-antidot-proti-insih-agresij.html
Putin came to Ukraine because the world has not stopped it earlier - Hillary Clinton
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706496-putin-vdersa-do-ukraini-bo-svit-ne-spiniv-jogo-ranise-gillari-klinton.html
The Russians per day fired at the border communities of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706493-rosiani-za-dobu-12-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonni-gromadi-sumsini.html
APL: "Everton" with Mykolenko defeated "Brighton"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706492-apl-everton-z-mikolenkom-rozgromiv-brajton.html
Twitter will remove accounts that have been inactive years
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3706491-tvitter-vidalatime-akaunti-aki-buli-neaktivni-rokami.html
The victory of Ukraine over Russia will be a signal of restraint for China - freeland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706489-peremoga-ukraini-nad-rosieu-stane-signalom-strimuvanna-dla-kitau-friland.html
The Ministry of Health processes two types of voluntary insurance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3706461-moz-opracovue-dva-vidi-dobrovilnogo-medstrahuvanna.html
Air defense shot down 35 Shahed drones overnight in Kyiv
https://t.me/OdessaDumskayaNet/55286
Multiple residential buildings damaged in Kyiv by drones debris. 5 people wounded
https://t.me/OdessaDumskayaNet/55287
Photo of the consequences of a night strike in the Odesa region. The area of fire at the food...
https://t.me/OdessaDumskayaNet/55293
Donetsk Oblast(08:08). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44721
Russian aviation conducted airstrike at Znob-Novhorodska community in Sumy region. 3 person w...
https://t.me/suspilnesumy/11731
Nikolaev, Mykolaiv region, Kherson, Kherson region (08:53). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. WITH...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44723
Kirovohradska Oblast(08:58). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44724
Up to 8 cruise missiles were launched against Odesa region overnight, some failed
https://t.me/lachentyt/29080
Zaporizka Oblast(09:21). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44726
Sumy region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Poltava region (09:45). Red Alrt: Aerial Tr ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44731
Donetsk region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region (09:48). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding ....
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44733
Explosion was reported in Pavlohrad
https://t.me/dneproperatyv/62178
Explosions were reported in Kharkiv
https://t.me/huyovy_kharkiv/108668
Russian army conducted 16 missile strikes, 61 airstrikes and 52 shelling with MLRS, - General...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4717
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4726
Zhytomyr, Zhytomyr region, Chernihiv region, Volyn region, Cherkasy region, Khmelny ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44747
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(10:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24622
Mykolaiv, Mykolaiv region, Poltava region, Zaporizhzhya region, Odesa region, Ternopil, T ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44765
Sumska Oblast(11:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44790
Donetsk Oblast(14:26). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44793
UPL: Klimchuk and Ponomarev are the best in the 25th round
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706511-upl-klimcuk-ta-ponomarov-najkrasi-u-25mu-turi.html
Russian occupation forces evacuating documentation from Skadovsk and several villages of Kher...
https://t.me/lachentyt/29090
Donetsk Oblast(19:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44797
Trukhanov's appeal was prescribed for May 9
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706307-rozglad-apelacii-truhanova-priznacili-na-9-travna.html
The SBU detained the official of the State Consumer Service, who collected "tribute" from grain exporters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706317-sbu-zatrimala-posadovca-derzprodspozivsluzbi-akij-zbirav-daninu-z-eksporteriv-zerna.html
RF strike destroyed the composition of the Red Cross with humanitarian assistance in Odessa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706316-udar-rf-znisiv-sklad-cervonogo-hresta-z-gumanitarnou-dopomogou-na-odesini.html
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(20:44). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24635
Remembrance Day and Reconciliation: Flowers were laid in Kiev to the grave of an unknown soldier
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3706313-den-pamati-ta-primirenna-u-kievi-poklali-kviti-do-mogili-nevidomogo-soldata.html
Zaporizka Oblast(20:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44800
Explosions in Kharkiv amid new Russian missile attack
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24637
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(20:48). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44801
Poltavska Oblast(20:51). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44802
Sumska Oblast(20:52). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44803
GTS operator is looking for new gas transportation capabilities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706319-operator-gts-sukae-novih-mozlivostej-transportuvanna-gazu.html
Ukraine has received almost € 190 million from the World Bank
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706321-ukraina-otrimala-majze-190-miljoniv-vid-svitovogo-banku.html
The World Congress of Ukrainians honors the anniversary of the end of World War II in Europe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3706318-svitovij-kongres-ukrainciv-vsanovue-ricnicu-zaversenna-drugoi-svitovoi-vijni-u-evropi.html
In Iran, two people were executed for blasphemy - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706323-v-irani-stratili-dvoh-ludej-za-bogohulstvo-zmi.html
Chernihivska Oblast(21:09). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18390
In Nikolaev the monument to Potemkin was dismantled
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706328-u-mikolaevi-demontuvali-pamatnik-potomkinu.html
Several explosions were reported in Dnipro city
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/41448
Prime Minister and President of Kazakhstan will come to Moscow on a parade
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706336-premer-virmenii-ta-prezident-kazahstanu-priidut-do-moskvi-na-parad.html
Odesa at night attacked Russian aircraft from Crimea - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706334-odesinu-vnoci-atakuvali-rosijskimi-litakami-z-krimu-ignat.html
German Foreign Ministers and China will hold negotiations in Berlin tomorrow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706335-glavi-mzs-nimeccini-ta-kitau-zavtra-provedut-peregovori-u-berlini.html
Denis Popov brought Dynamo victory over Kryvbas in the UPL match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706338-denis-popov-prinis-dinamo-peremogu-nad-krivbasom-u-matci-upl.html
Cartoon "Mavka. Forest Song ”gathered in France over $ 3.5 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3706342-multfilm-mavka-lisova-pisna-zibrav-u-francii-ponad-35-miljona.html
Russian army launched at least 6 S-300 missiles at Kharkiv
https://t.me/synegubov/6143
Only three excise goods budget underpaid $ 1 billion - Getmantsev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706344-lise-po-troh-pidakciznih-tovarah-budzet-nedootrimav-1-milard-getmancev.html
The Russians again fired the border of Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706350-rosiani-znovu-obstrilali-prikordonna-cernigivsini.html
In Serbia's schools were introduced by police protection
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706351-u-skolah-serbii-zaprovadili-policejsku-ohoronu.html
Unrecognized Transnistria asks Russia to increase the number of "peacekeepers"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706353-neviznane-pridnistrova-prosit-rosiu-zbilsiti-kilkist-mirotvorciv.html
In Kherson region, the invaders wounded nine civilians, including a child
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706356-na-hersonsini-zagarbniki-poranili-devatoh-civilnih-u-ih-cisli-ditina.html
The wreckage of an unknown object crashed on a site near a residential building in the Krasno...
https://t.me/rusbrief/115362
UPL: "Minaj" won "Vorskla"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706358-upl-minaj-peremig-vorsklu.html
Since the beginning of the year, business has already received affordable loans for ₴ 28.3 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706359-z-pocatku-roku-biznes-vze-otrimav-dostupnih-kreditiv-na-283-milarda.html
Family doctors in Lviv will test for HIV, hepatitis and syphilis
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706360-simejni-likari-u-lvovi-testuvatimut-na-vil-gepatit-i-sifilis.html
Energy per week resumed power supply in 119 settlements of Donetsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3706361-energetiki-za-tizden-vidnovili-elektropostacanna-u-119-naselenih-punktah-doneccini.html
Tbilisi honored the memory of the fighters for freedom of Ukraine and Georgia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3706367-u-tbilisi-vsanuvali-pamat-geroivborciv-za-svobodu-ukraini-ta-gruzii.html
The Ukrainian Ponomarenko won silver from Breaking
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706368-ukrainka-ponomarenko-zdobula-sriblo-ce-z-brejkingu.html
In the Tbilisi Central Park, the flag of Ukraine was disrupted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706370-u-centralnomu-parku-tbilisi-zirvali-prapor-ukraini.html
Zaporizka Oblast(22:16). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/44812
In the Nikolaev region, a book of writer Sizonenko was found under the rubble of a broken school
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706373-na-mikolaivsini-pid-zavalami-rozbomblenoi-skoli-znajsli-knigi-pismennika-sizonenka.html
Shelling reported in Valuyki district of Belgorod region. Air defense reportedly shot aerial ...
https://t.me/bbbreaking/154888
Photo: debris of a missile shot down over Valuyki district of Belgorod region
https://t.me/belgorod_informant/4032
In Ukraine tomorrow up to +17 °, but in some places - night frosts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706325-v-ukraini-zavtra-do-17-ale-podekudi-nicni-zamorozki.html
Sweden expects to become a member of NATO in Vilnius Summit - Minister of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706377-svecia-rozrahovue-stati-clenom-nato-do-vilnuskogo-samitu-ministr-oboroni.html
Tvorchi supported the collection of ₴ 10 million on the rescue of premature birth children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3706379-tvorchi-pidtrimali-zbir-10-miljoniv-na-poratunok-peredcasno-narodzenih-ditej.html
The movie "Do you love me?" won the Off Camera Festival in Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3706378-film-ti-mene-lubis-peremig-na-festivali-off-camera-u-polsi.html
Borrel urged Iran to stop Moscow's support in her war against Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706382-borrel-zaklikav-iran-pripiniti-pidtrimku-moskvi-v-ii-vijni-proti-ukraini.html
The project of the new General Plan of Nikolaev was presented in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3706387-proekt-novogo-genplanu-mikolaeva-prezentuvali-u-rimi.html
UPL: Kolos won "Heather" and "Movement" overcame "Ingulets"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706386-upl-kolos-peremig-veres-a-ruh-zdolav-ingulec.html
Two Cherkasy Law enforcement officers are suspected of rape a 17-year-old girl
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706388-dvoh-cerkaskih-pravoohoronciv-pidozruut-u-zgvaltuvanni-17ricnoi-divcini.html
MOH considers the possibility of cancellation of coronavirus restrictions in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3706389-moz-rozgladae-mozlivist-skasuvanna-koronavirusnih-obmezen-v-ukraini.html
The National Bank by the end of the year can reduce the discount rate to 21%
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706390-nacbank-do-kinca-roku-moze-zniziti-oblikovu-stavku-do-21.html
ARMA is looking for a manager for a rubble plant in Ovruch
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706391-arma-sukae-upravitela-dla-sebenevogo-zavodu-v-ovruci.html
Ukraine honored the memory of the victims of the Mauthausen concentration camp in Austria
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706392-ukraina-vsanuvala-pamat-zertv-konctaboru-mautgauzen-v-avstrii.html
Sachko was unable to go out to the main grid of the tournament in the Czech Republic
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706394-sacko-ne-zmig-vijti-v-osnovnu-sitku-turniru-u-cehii.html
Since the beginning of the pandemic in Ukraine, more than 5.5 million Covid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3706396-z-pocatku-pandemii-v-ukraini-zafiksuvali-ponad-55-miljona-covidvipadkiv.html
Bookmakers on Eurovision: Sweden Leader, TVORCHI - in fourth place
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3706399-stavki-bukmekeriv-na-evrobacenni-lidirue-svecia-tvorchi-na-cetvertomu-misci.html
Special Operations forces destroyed Russian machine gun in Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706398-sili-specoperacij-znisili-rosijskij-kulemetnij-rozrahunok-u-bahmuti.html
In the Canadian province of Alberta through forest fires, 29,000 people have been evacuated
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706400-u-kanadskij-provincii-alberta-cerez-lisovi-pozezi-evakuuvali-vze-29-tisac-ludej.html
In the Netherlands, the GO-A band performed at the Liberation Day festival
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3706403-u-niderlandah-gurt-goa-vistupiv-na-festivali-prisvacenomu-dnu-vizvolenna.html
Lionel Messi returned to PSG training
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706404-lionel-messi-povernuvsa-do-trenuvan-psz.html
According to the project "Army Drona", eight more shock mouths of UAV were staffed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706405-za-proektom-armia-droniv-ukomplektuvali-bijciv-se-vosmi-udarnih-rot-bpla.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
In Zhytomyr, a veteran of the 95th brigade cut a sculpture from a tree dedicated to brothers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706412-u-zitomiri-veteran-95i-brigadi-virizav-z-dereva-skulpturu-prisvacenu-pobratimam.html
Google showed the effects of Russian invasion of Ukraine in satellite images
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706414-google-pokazav-naslidki-vtorgnenna-rf-v-ukrainu-na-suputnikovih-znimkah.html
На Херсонщині знищили три російські безпілотники
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706415-na-hersonsini-znisili-tri-rosijski-bezpilotniki.html
More than 20.5 thousand Ukrainians have been involved in the Army of Restoration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3706416-do-armii-vidnovlenna-zaluceno-vze-ponad-205-tisaci-ukrainciv.html
NAPC plans to improve the register of parties reporting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706417-nazk-planue-udoskonaliti-reestr-zvitnosti-partij.html
In Kiev presented an exhibition of artifacts "Charms from War"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3706418-u-kievi-prezentuvali-vistavku-artefaktiv-oberegi-z-vijni.html
The Lviv residents were planted in the Memory Tree on the territory of the former concentration camp
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706420-lvivani-visadili-derevo-pamati-na-teritorii-kolisnogo-konctaboru.html
The court left the decision on the exclusion of the Department of Public Procurement of the Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3706423-apelacijnij-sud-zalisiv-u-sili-risenna-sodo-ekskerivnika-departamentu-derzzakupivel-minoboroni.html
The Kremlin is burning: artificial intelligence "imagined" how paintings of famous artists would look like
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3706424-stucnij-intelekt-uaviv-ak-bi-zobrazili-palaucij-kreml-vidomi-mitci.html
The Kremlin is burning: artificial intelligence "imagined" how paintings of famous artists would look like
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3706424-stucnij-intelekt-uaviv-ak-bi-zobrazili-palaucij-kreml-vidomi-mitci.html
The occupiers in Crimea intensified the work among young people - the deputy post of president
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3706428-okupanti-v-krimu-aktivizuvali-robotu-sered-molodi-zastupnik-postpreda-prezidenta.html
The occupiers in Crimea intensified the work among young people - the deputy post of president
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3706428-okupanti-v-krimu-aktivizuvali-robotu-sered-molodi-zastupnik-postpreda-prezidenta.html
China stated that economic cooperation with the Russian Federation is not directed against Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706430-u-kitai-zaavili-so-ekonomicne-spivrobitnictvo-z-rf-ne-spramovane-proti-ukraini.html
In Liverpool the Nelson Monument was laid with sand bags as a sign of solidarity with Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3706431-u-liverpuli-pamatnik-nelsonu-obklali-miskami-z-piskom-na-znak-solidarnosti-z-ukrainou.html
Trudeau and Sunak discussed the support of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706432-trudo-ta-sunak-obgovorili-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
SAP has sent a case to seizure more than ₴ 1.3 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706434-sap-skeruvala-do-sudu-spravu-sodo-zavolodinna-ponad-13-miljona-portu-uznij.html
UPL: Zorya defeated Metalist 1925
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706437-upl-zora-rozgromila-metalist-1925.html
NATO has brought their units into increased readiness through a plane of the Russian Federation over the Black Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706442-u-nato-prokomentuvali-incident-z-perehoplennam-polskogo-litaka-vinisuvacem-rf.html
Yastremskaya started with victory at the WTA 1000 series in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706438-astremska-startuvala-z-peremogi-na-turniri-serii-wta-1000-u-rimi.html
In Lviv, blind soloists from all over Ukraine will give a charity concert in support of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3706439-u-lvovi-nezraci-solisti-z-usiei-ukraini-dadut-blagodijnij-koncert-na-pidtrimku-zsu.html
Volunteers from the Netherlands have sent eight special medical machines to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3706440-volonteri-z-niderlandiv-vidpravili-v-ukrainu-visim-specmasin-medicnoi-dopomogi.html
In Transcarpathia, Echerga is already working at three border checkpoints
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706441-na-zakarpatti-ecerga-vze-pracue-na-troh-punktah-propusku-na-kordoni.html
The enemy comes in four directions, for Bakhmut and Marinka there are heavy battles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706446-vorog-nastupae-na-cotiroh-napramkah-za-bahmut-i-marinku-vazki-boi.html
The 1/2 Finals of Football Euro Cups start
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706444-rozpocinautsa-matci-12-finalu-futbolnih-evrokubkiv.html
Poland handed over ten MiG-29 fighter jets to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706448-polsa-peredala-ukraini-desat-vinisuvaciv-mig29.html
In Skadovsk, the invaders curtail their administrations - the General Staff
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706450-u-skadovsku-zagarbniki-zgortaut-dialnist-svoih-administracij-genstab.html
In Odessa, the commander of the military unit was exposed in a bribe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706453-v-odesi-vikrili-u-habari-komandira-viddilenna-vijskovoi-castini.html
The National Bank fined the Finnish Company for unethical behavior
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706455-nacbank-ostrafuvav-finkompaniu-za-neeticnu-povedinku.html
Ukrainians were warned about fake with disconnections in May
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3706456-ukrainciv-poperedili-pro-fejk-iz-grafikami-vidklucen-u-travni.html
The invaders banned the mass assemblies in the occupied territories on May 9
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706457-zagarbniki-zaboronili-9-travna-masovi-zibranna-na-okupovanih-teritoriah.html
The invaders banned the mass assemblies in the occupied territories on May 9
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706457-zagarbniki-zaboronili-9-travna-masovi-zibranna-na-okupovanih-teritoriah.html
Ukraine has earned an additional $ 1.5 billion after opening the mouth of Bystre for navigation - Kubrakov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706458-ukraina-zarobila-dodatkovi-15-milarda-pisla-vidkritta-girla-bistre-dla-sudnoplavstva-kubrakov.html
Ukraine has earned an additional $ 1.5 billion after opening the mouth of Bystre for navigation - Kubrakov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706458-ukraina-zarobila-dodatkovi-15-milarda-pisla-vidkritta-girla-bistre-dla-sudnoplavstva-kubrakov.html
A new book about Ukrainian Sultan and the mystery of Ottoman rulers have been published in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3706460-v-ukraini-vijsla-nova-kniga-pro-ukrainkusultanu-j-taemnici-osmanskih-praviteliv.html
The European Commissar has condemned the missile attack on Odessa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706464-evrokomisar-zasudiv-raketnu-ataku-na-odesu.html
The court in Germany banned Russian flags on May 9 in Berlin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706467-sud-u-nimeccini-zaboroniv-rosijski-prapori-9-travna-u-berlini.html
The head of Transcarpathian Ova spent the day on a wheelchair to investigate Uzhgorod infrastructure
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706468-golova-zakarpatskoi-ova-proviv-den-na-invalidnomu-vizku-sob-dosliditi-infrastrukturu-uzgoroda.html
The Ukrainian will pass nearly 7,000 kilometers through three continents - will raise money for veterans
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3706470-ukrainec-proide-majze-7-000-kilometriv-cerez-tri-kontinenti-zbiratime-grosi-dla-veteraniv.html
Ukraine has to get a specific NATO entry plan - the Foreign Minister of Estonia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706473-ukraina-mae-otrimati-konkretnij-plan-vstupu-do-nato-glava-mzs-estonii.html
Marchenko failed to break into the "Fundamentals" of the ATP Tournament of the Challenger Series in Austria
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706474-marcenku-ne-vdalosa-probitisa-do-osnovi-turniru-atp-serii-challenger-v-avstrii.html
Turkey began to supply gas to Europe and to the Balkans
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706477-tureccina-pocala-postacati-gaz-do-evropi-ta-na-balkani.html
In the highlands of Turkey, snow drifts reach 5 meters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706478-u-visokogirnih-rajonah-tureccini-snigovi-zameti-sagaut-5-metriv.html
Russia will get a chance to change only in case of defeat - Podolyak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706486-rosia-otrimae-sans-na-zmini-tilki-v-razi-porazki-podolak.html
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs told about the results of the "Moon of Cultural Diplomacy of Ukraine" on Wikipedia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3706479-u-mzs-rozpovili-pro-rezultati-misaca-kulturnoi-diplomatii-ukraini-u-vikipedii.html
Salaries, Pensions and Social Assistance: International Donors Last year gave Ukraine $ 14.5 billion to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3706355-zarplati-pensii-j-socdopomoga-miznarodni-donori-torik-nadali-ukraini-145-milarda.html
The enemy struck "Isandard" in the Pavlograd district
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706485-vorog-udariv-iskanderom-po-pavlogradskomu-rajonu.html
The victory of Ukraine over Russia will be a signal of restraint for China - freeland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706489-peremoga-ukraini-nad-rosieu-stane-signalom-strimuvanna-dla-kitau-friland.html
Twitter will remove accounts that have been inactive years
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3706491-tvitter-vidalatime-akaunti-aki-buli-neaktivni-rokami.html
APL: "Everton" with Mykolenko defeated "Brighton"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706492-apl-everton-z-mikolenkom-rozgromiv-brajton.html
The Russians per day fired at the border communities of Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706493-rosiani-za-dobu-12-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonni-gromadi-sumsini.html
Putin came to Ukraine because the world has not stopped it earlier - Hillary Clinton
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706496-putin-vdersa-do-ukraini-bo-svit-ne-spiniv-jogo-ranise-gillari-klinton.html
President: The success of Ukrainians in defense against Russian aggression is an antidote against other aggression
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706497-prezident-uspihi-ukrainciv-v-oboroni-proti-agresii-rf-ce-antidot-proti-insih-agresij.html
Russian troops are striking in Kharkiv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706498-vijska-rf-zavdaut-udariv-po-harkovu.html
Зеленський розповів деталі сьогоднішнього засідання Ставки
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706500-zelenskij-rozpoviv-pro-detali-sogodnisnogo-zasidanna-stavki.html
Ukraine should study the experience of Israel in the construction of a strong state during the war - Kondratyuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706499-ukraini-varto-vivciti-dosvid-izrailu-u-pobudovi-silnoi-derzavi-pid-cas-vijni-kondratuk.html
Italy Embassy called for citizens to refuse travel to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706501-posolstvo-italii-zaklikalo-gromadan-vidmovitis-vid-poizdok-do-ukraini.html
The Russians beat in Kharkiv region C -300 rockets - they recorded three hits
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706502-rosiani-but-po-harkivsini-raketami-s300-e-tri-vlucanna.html
President: We are preparing a system of action that will help to exchang the territory faster
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706503-prezident-gotuemo-sistemu-dij-aka-dopomoze-svidse-rozminovuvati-teritorii.html
Determined the rival of Yastremskaya in the finale of WTA tournament in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706504-viznacilasa-supernica-astremskoi-u-finali-kvalifikacii-turniru-wta-v-rimi.html
In the Dnieper - Explosions, Ova Chairman reports the work of air defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706505-u-dnipri-prolunali-vibuhi.html
In seven cities of Ukraine there are educational centers for children from Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3706506-u-semi-mistah-ukraini-pracuut-osvitni-oseredki-dla-ditej-z-bahmuta.html
There was a fight with 300 people at the Turkish polling station in Amsterdam.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706507-na-tureckij-viborcij-dilnici-v-amsterdami-stalasa-bijka-za-ucasti-300-ludej.html
The enemy increased the intensity of attacks on Bakhmut and increased the number of soldiers - Kombrig Grishchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706508-vorog-pidvisiv-intensivnist-atak-na-bahmut-i-zbilsiv-kilkist-soldativ-kombrig-grisenko.html
Poland is said to be no hurry Ukrainians with a counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706510-u-polsi-kazut-so-ne-potribno-kvapiti-ukrainciv-z-kontrnastupom.html
The European Parliament tomorrow will vote on the Acting Authority Act
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706509-evroparlament-zavtra-golosuvatime-sodo-aktu-z-pidtrimki-virobnictva-boepripasiv.html
Drobovich: Russia poisoned the memory of World War II and the concept of May 9
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706512-drobovic-rosia-otruila-pamat-pro-drugu-svitovu-vijnu-ta-koncepciu-9-travna.html
In Izmir opened the first in the world in the world "UAP-SOCE"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706513-v-izmiri-vidkrili-dla-vidviduvaciv-persij-u-sviti-bplanosec.html
Ukrainian journalists won the Pulitzer Prize
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3706514-ukrainci-zdobuli-pulitcerivsku-premiu.html
USA - About China's peaceful efforts: It is important to work in close coordination with Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3706495-ssa-pro-mirni-zusilla-kitau-vazlivo-pracuvati-v-tisnij-koordinacii-z-ukrainou.html
"There is a disaster now, but the worst is ahead" - Alexey Danilov about Russia
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/zaraz-vidbuvayetsya-katastrofa-ta-najgirshe-poperedu-oleksij-danilov-pro-rosiyu/
Syndrome of delayed life - the Ministry of Health published advice to Ukrainians during the war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/syndrom-vidkladenogo-zhyttya-moz-opublikuvalo-porady/
Charity exhibition of paintings and military trophies "On the verge of life" starts in Krakow
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/blagodijna-vystavka-na-mezhi-zhyttya/
Ukrainian electronic signatures and seals on digital documents can be checked in EU member states
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/ukrayinski-elektronni-pidpysy-ta-pechatky-na-czyfrovyh-dokumentah-mozhut-pereviryaty-v-derzhavah-chlenah-yes/
We will start our counter -offensive. And when it happens, Russia will be in a panic - Vladimir Gavrilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/my-pochnemo-nash-kontrnastup-volodymyr-gavrylov/
The marathon "Unbreakable Bucha: with Ukraine in the heart" took place in the Kyiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/na-kyyivshhyni-vidbuvsya-marafon-nezlamna-bucha-z-ukrayinoyu-v-serczi/
There are several hundred women servicemen in the Russian captivity-coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/dekilka-soten-zhinok-vijskovyh-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
Our aircraft during the day struck eight blows on the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/nasha-aviacziya-protyagom-doby-zavdala-visim-udariv-po-vorogu-2/
Our aircraft during the day struck eight blows on the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/nasha-aviacziya-protyagom-doby-zavdala-visim-udariv-po-vorogu-2/
Divisions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/pidrozdily-raketnyh-vijsk-i-artyleriyi-syl-oborony-urazyly-dva-punkty-upravlinnya/
The invaders carry out the "evacuation" of the residents of the temporarily occupied Tokmak
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/okupanty-provodyat-evakuacziyu-meshkancziv-tymchasovo-okupovanogo-tokmaka/
The invaders carry out the "evacuation" of the residents of the temporarily occupied Tokmak
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/okupanty-provodyat-evakuacziyu-meshkancziv-tymchasovo-okupovanogo-tokmaka/
Eliminated all the "chess" of the enemy: the General Staff told about the consequences of Russian rocket and aviation strikes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/likviduvaly-vsi-shahedy-voroga-genshtab/
55 invaders' attacks are reflected on the Eastern Front: heavy battles continue for Bakhmut and Marinka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/na-shidnomu-fronti-vidbyto-55-atak-okupantiv-vazhki-boyi-tryvayut-za-bahmut-i-maryinku/
The large -scale invasion of Russia into Ukraine united by NATO - Josep Borrel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/obyednalo-nato-zhozep-borrel/
The large -scale invasion of Russia into Ukraine united by NATO - Josep Borrel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/obyednalo-nato-zhozep-borrel/
Dozens of Dronov-Kamikadze At night attacked the Kyiv region with a score of 35: 0 in favor of air defense of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/desyatky-droniv-kamikadze-vnochi-atakuvaly-kyyivshhynu/
Will there be exacerbation on May 9 - Anna painter's explanation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/chy-bude-zagostrennya-na-9-travnya-rozyasnennya-ganny-malyar/
Will there be exacerbation on May 9 - Anna painter's explanation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/chy-bude-zagostrennya-na-9-travnya-rozyasnennya-ganny-malyar/
Ukrainian defenders eliminated more than 500 invaders, destroyed 7 tanks and 8 artistem
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-likviduvaly-ponad-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-7-tankiv-i-8-artsystem/
Today is celebrated Memorial and Reconciliation Day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/sogodni-vidznachayetsya-den-pamyati-ta-prymyrennya/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-2/
On May 8, the world honors the memory of all whose lives took away the Second World War - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/8-travnya-svit-vshanovuye-pam%ca%bcyat-usih-chyyi-zhyttya-zabrala-druga-svitova-vijna-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Every year, Ukraine will celebrate Europe Day - Presidential Decree
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/shhoroku-9-travnya-ukrayina-vidznachatyme-den-yevropy-ukaz-prezydenta/
In the morning, the enemy fired at mortars and artillery of the border of Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/zranku-vorog-obstrilyav-z-minometiv-i-stvolnoyi-artyleriyi-prykordonnya-chernigivshhyny/
The Armians won three medals at the Academic Rowing World Cup
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/armijczi-zdobuly-try-medali-na-kubku-svitu-z-akademichnogo-vesluvannya/
More than 60 explosive items were neutralized by pyrotechnics in the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/ponad-60-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-zneshkodyly-pirotehniky-za-mynulu-dobu/
The President awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine to Colonel Sergey Sirchenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/prezydent-prysvoyiv-zvannya-geroya-ukrayiny-polkovnyku-sergiyu-sirchenku/
Three civilians were killed in a day from Russian shelling, 28 were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/za-dobu-vid-rosijskyh-obstriliv-zagynulo-troye-czyvilnyh-osib-28-poraneno/
In Lithuania, instructor courses for Ukrainian defenders ended
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/u-lytvi-zavershylysya-instruktorski-kursy-dlya-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv/
Delayed enemy's associates: collected for the "Wagner" information near Bakhmut and words ’ Yanskaya
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/zatrymano-poplichnycz-voroga-zbyraly-dlya-vagnerivcziv-informacziyu-bilya-bahmuta-ta-slovyanska/
More than 70 trips to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling were made by SES units
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/ponad-70-vyyizd-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-obstriliv-okupantamy-zdijsnyly-pidrozdily-dsns/
On the land, the sea and in the air: Large-scale international exercises of Anakonda-23 are ongoing in Poland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/na-sushi-mori-ta-v-povitri-u-polshhi-tryvayut-masshtabni-mizhnarodni-navchannya-anakonda-23/
In the Bakhmut direction, the enemy lost about 100,000 live strength over the past 9 months
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-vorog-vtratyv-blyzko-100-tys-zhyvoyi-syly-vprodovzh-ostannih-9-misyacziv/
Coordination Staff: Information published by the Russian Federation on prisoners of defenders is not always true
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-informacziya-oprylyudnena-rf-shhodo-polonenyh-zahysnykiv-ne-zavzhdy-vidpovidaye-dijsnosti/
The President held a rate meeting: discussed the probable actions of the occupiers in the next period
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/prezydent-proviv-zasidannya-stavky-obgovoryly-jmovirni-diyi-okupantiv-u-najblyzhchyj-period/
More than 17,000 crimes against National Security have documented the Office of Prosecutor General
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/ponad-17-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-naczbezpeky-zadokumentuvav-ofis-genprokurora/
Alexei Reznikov: Our mission is to defeat the modern aggressor and restore peace in Europe
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/oleksij-reznikov-nasha-misiya-peremogty-suchasnogo-agresora-ta-vidnovyty-myr-u-yevropi/
In the Black Sea, Russia holds four rocket launchers with 32 "caliber"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/u-chornomu-mori-rosiya-trymaye-chotyry-raketonosiyi-iz-32-kalibramy/
As a result of rocket firing of civilian objects in Odesa region is dead and injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/zagyblyj-ta-poraneni-vnaslidok-raketnyh-obstriliv-czyvilnyh-obyektiv-na-odeshhyni-prokurory-dokumentuyut-naslidky/
The Ukrainian air defense system near the state border works successfully - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/ukrayinska-systema-protypovitryanoyi-oborony-roztashovana-poblyzu-derzhavnogo-kordonu-praczyuye-uspishno-yurij-ignat/
Letters to Free Crimea: In Ukraine, the initiative to support Crimean political prisoners was launched
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/lysty-do-vilnogo-krymu-v-ukrayini-zapustyly-inicziatyvu-z-pidtrymky-krymskyh-politvyazniv/
The military rescued 5 tons of books from the Russian Libraries destroyed by the Russian Libraries
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/cimic-vryatuvaly-5-ton-knyzhok-zi-znyshhenyh-rosiyanamy-bibliotek-pryfrontovogo-siverska/
"Charms from War": In the capital presented an exhibition of unusual items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/oberegy-z-vijny-u-stolyczi-prezentuvaly-vystavku-nezvychajnyh-predmetiv/
The Russian Federation seeks to deplete the defense potential of the Armed Forces and damage the preparation for counter -offensive
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/rf-pragne-vysnazhyty-oboronnyj-potenczial-zsu-ta-zashkodyty-pidgotovczi-do-kontrnastupu/
Almost 60 explosions were heard in the border of Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/majzhe-60-vybuhiv-prolunalo-na-terytoriyi-prykordonnya-chernigivshhyny/
The return of civilian hostages requires political will of the Russian Federation, not the exchange fund - the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/dlya-povernennya-czyvilnyh-zaruchnykiv-neobhidna-politychna-volya-rf-a-ne-obminnyj-fond-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
Ministry of Economy through the United24 platform starts raising funds for humanitarian demining
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/minekonomiky-cherez-platformu-united24-pochynaye-zbir-koshtiv-na-gumanitarne-rozminuvannya/
Released from captivity are eligible to pay 100 thousand hryvnias for each year of freedom
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/zvilnenni-z-polonu-mayut-pravo-na-vyplatu-100-tysyach-gryven-za-kozhen-rik-nesvobody/
Captain Valery Glebov was awarded the title of Hero of Ukraine posthumously
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/kapitanu-valeriyu-glyebovu-prysvoyeno-zvannya-geroya-ukrayiny-posmertno/
The enemy comes in three directions, and in the rest holds defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/vorog-nastupaye-na-troh-napryamkah-a-na-reshti-trymaye-oboronu/
For the transfer of intelligence to the Russian special services, Zhmerynchany received 15 years in prison
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/za-peredachu-rozviddanyh-rosijskym-speczsluzhbam-zhmerynchanyn-otrymav-15-rokiv-uvyaznennya/
8 UAV shock mouth stained with the necessary equipment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/8-udarnyh-rot-bpla-ukomplektuvaly-neobhidnym-obladnannyam/
In Kherson region, Ukrainian defenders destroyed three enemy UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/na-hersonshhyni-ukrayinski-zahysnyky-znyshhyly-try-vorozhyh-bpla/
SCO warriors destroyed the enemy's machine gun in Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/voyiny-sso-znyshhyly-kulemetnyj-rozrahunok-protyvnyka-u-bahmuti/
Josep Borrel urged Iran to stop Russia's support in her war against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/zhozep-borrel-zaklykav-iran-prypynyty-pidtrymku-rosiyi-u-yiyi-vijni-proty-ukrayiny/
The invaders curtail the activities of occupation administrations in Skadovsk - the General Staff of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/okupanty-zgortayut-diyalnist-okupaczijnyh-administraczij-u-skadovsku-genshtab-zsu/
The Armed Forces Aircraft per day made 11 beats in the enemy's cluster areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/aviacziya-zsu-za-dobu-zavdala-11-udariv-po-rajonah-skupchennya-protyvnyka/
The Russian Federation comes in four directions, heavy battles are conducted by Bakhmut and Mar ’ Back
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/rf-nastupaye-na-chotyroh-napryamkah-vazhki-boyi-vedutsya-za-bahmut-i-maryinku/
This era of the Russians caused 11 rocket and 59 aviation blows in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/cziyeyi-doby-rosiyany-zavdaly-11-raketnyh-ta-59-aviaczijnyh-udariv-po-ukrayini/
In Chernihiv, members of the families of dead heroes were honored
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/u-chernigovi-vshanuvaly-chleniv-rodyn-zagyblyh-geroyiv/
Russians have a tactical task to capture Marinka and block the logistics supply of Avdiivka - Valery Shershen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/rosiyany-mayut-taktychne-zavdannya-zahopyty-maryinku-ta-zablokuvaty-logistychne-postachannya-avdiyivky-valerij-shershen/
Lithuanian President called for increased assistance to Ukraine and EU security funding
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/prezydent-lytvy-zaklykav-zbilshyty-dopomogu-ukrayini-i-finansuvannya-bezpeky-yes/
President of Ukraine: The successes of Ukrainians in defense against Russian aggression are an antidote against other aggression
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/prezydent-ukrayiny-uspihy-ukrayincziv-v-oboroni-proty-agresiyi-rf-cze-antydot-proty-inshyh-agresij/
The Verkhovna Rada discussed the issues of financial security and payment of additional remuneration to the military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/robocha-grupa-obgovoryla-pytannya-groshovogo-zabezpechennya-ta-vyplaty-dodatkovoyi-vynagorody-vijskovym/
Ukraine is preparing a special system of action that will help to exchanging the territories faster
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/ukrayina-gotuye-speczialnu-systemu-dij-yaka-dopomozhe-shvydshe-rozminovuvaty-terytoriyi/
German Ambassador on Pam ’
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/08/posol-nimechchyny-u-den-pamyati-ta-prymyrennya-vidvidala-selo-moshhun/
UPL: 26th round will start at Dynamo Stadium named after Lobanovsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706516-upl-26j-tur-rozpocnetsa-na-stadioni-dinamo-imeni-lobanovskogo.html
The EU accused Lukashenko's regime of the death of a blogger prisoner
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706518-es-zvinuvativ-rezim-lukasenka-u-smerti-blogera-zasudzenogo-za-karikaturu.html
The EU accused Lukashenko's regime of the death of a blogger prisoner
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3706518-es-zvinuvativ-rezim-lukasenka-u-smerti-blogera-zasudzenogo-za-karikaturu.html
UPL: 26th round will start at Dynamo Stadium named after Lobanovsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706516-upl-26j-tur-rozpocnetsa-na-stadioni-dinamo-imeni-lobanovskogo.html
The State Department responded to the last air attacks of the Russians on Ukrainian cities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3706519-derzdep-zreaguvav-na-ostanni-povitrani-ataki-rosian-na-ukrainski-mista.html
76-meter asteroid approaches to the ground
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3705939-do-zemli-nablizaetsa-76metrovij-asteroid.html
Real and Manchester City Open 1/2 Final of the UEFA Champions League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3706520-real-i-mancester-siti-vidkrivaut-12-finalu-ligi-cempioniv-uefa.html
In Berlin there was a process of memory of Ukrainians - victims of World War II
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3706521-u-berlini-vidbulasa-hoda-pamati-ukrainciv-zertv-drugoi-svitovoi.html
After the victory of Ukraine, the need for military psychology specialists will double - Anna Malyar -
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/09/pislya-peremogy-ukrayiny-potreba-u-fahivczyah-vijskovoyi-psyhologiyi-zroste-vdvichi-ganna-malyar/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====