乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-28

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Shele Kolodyazhna, Dvorichny, Masivka, Kislivka, Kamyan ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4911
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Dibrova, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Ve...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4912
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Privilia, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Grigorye ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4913
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Avdiivka, Pervomaisko, Karlovka Andes Neoelsk of ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4914
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Heorhiyivka and Pobyeda of Donetsk region. Russian...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4915
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Paraskovivka, Coal And And Wisher. Rus ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4916
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka and Novosilka of Donetsk...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4917
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(23:08). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46647
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(23:08). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46648
Kirovohradska Oblast(23:11). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46649
Chernihivska Oblast(23:17). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18970
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(23:42). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46651
Kyiv, Kyiv Oblast(23:44). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46652
Sumska Oblast(23:54). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46653
Zhytomyr, Zhytomyrska Oblast(00:04). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46654
Vinnitsa region, Cherkasy region (00:13). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding. That's the same ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46657
Poltavska Oblast(00:15). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46658
Khmelnytska Oblast, Rivne, Rivnenska Oblast(00:35). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46661
Volynska Oblast(00:42). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46662
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(00:49). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/25260
Chernivetska Oblast(01:02). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46665
Kyiv(01:14). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/KyivCityOfficial/6770
Ivano-Frankivsk, Ivano-Frankivsk region, Ternopil, Ternopil region (02:11). Red Alrt: Ar ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46668
Kyiv(03:01). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/28-may-kyiv0301-red-alert-aerial-threat-sireng
Zhytomyr(04:32). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/chanel24/89993
As in February, our defenders stopped the attack of Russian paratroopers in the bug area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/yak-u-lyutomu-nashi-zahysnyky-zupynyly-ataku-rosijskyh-desantnykiv-u-rajoni-vugledaru/
Ukrainian judoists won three medals on the first competitive day of the Grand Prix Upper Austria 2023 tournament tournament
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/ukrayinski-dzyudoyisty-zdobuly-try-medali-u-pershyj-zmagalnyj-den-turniru-grand-prix-upper-austria-2023/
At the session of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly, they considered the benefits of coordinated purchases and logistics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/na-sesiyi-parlamentskij-asambleyi-nato-rozglyanuly-perevagy-skoordynovanyh-zakupivel-i-logistyky/
Military Russian Federation asks parents to send money due to lack of security - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/vijskovyj-rf-prosyt-batkiv-vyslaty-groshi-cherez-vidsutnist-zabezpechennya-perehoplennya-gur/
Despite the large -scale invasion, two other health facilities will be organ transplantation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/shhe-u-dvoh-medzakladah-ukrayiny-budut-provodyty-transplantacziyu-organiv/
The procedure for distributing a subsidy for payment of compensation to persons with disabilities as a result of ATO/OOS has been approved
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/zatverdzheno-poryadok-rozpodilu-subvencziyi-na-vyplatu-kompensacziyi-osobam-z-invalidnistyu-vnaslidok-ato-oos/
9 more fighters of terrorist organizations "L/DNR" have been collected
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/sbu-zibrala-dokazovu-bazu-na-shhe-9-bojovykiv-terorystychnyh-organizaczij-l-dnr/
Aviation of Defense Forces has struck 11 blows in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-11-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga-3/
About 20 Russian military was deserted in the Svatov area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/u-rajoni-svatovogo-dezertyruvaly-blyzko-20-vijskovyh-rf/
25 combat clashes took place in the east of the country
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/na-shodi-krayiny-vidbulos-25-bojovyh-zitknen/
Enemy's daily loss: minus 480 invaders, 22 artillery systems and 31 drones
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/dobovi-vtraty-voroga-minus-480-okupantiv-22-artylerijski-systemy-ta-31-bezpilotnyk/
It's time to turn his - Valery Zaluzhni
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/pryjshov-chas-povertaty-svoye/
Denmark opened a special investment fund for Ukraine worth 1 billion kroons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/27/daniya-vidkryla-speczialnyj-investyczijnyj-fond-dlya-ukrayiny-na-sumu-v-1-mlrd-kron/
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanshchyna directions Russian army shelled Blesnya, Tymonovychi, My...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4920
In Mariupol "Cotton" Evening: There are losses among the enemy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715360-u-mariupoli-bavovnanij-vecir-e-vtrati-sered-voroga.html
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled well, Krasne First, Figololivka, Novomlinsk, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4921
The Armed Forces told how the F-16 will be hidden from Russian rocket strokes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715359-v-zsu-rozpovili-ak-hovatimut-f16-vid-rosijskih-raketnih-udariv.html
The memory of Anton Gevak's Marines (Person's Call sign)
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3712877-pamati-morskogo-pihotinca-antona-gevaka-pozivnij-perun.html
The Chairman of the High Election Commission of Turkey has announced the victory of Erdogan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715357-golova-visoi-viborcoi-komisii-tureccini-ogolosiv-pro-peremogu-erdogana.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske and Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4922
Under Bakhmut, the Wagner group deserted by stopping military equipment - the General Staff
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715331-pid-bahmutom-grupa-vagnerivciv-dezertiruvala-vikravsi-vijskovu-tehniku-genstab.html
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Privilia, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Grigorye ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4923
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novokalinova, Avdiivka, Pervomaisko And Karlovka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4924
Russian troops fired at nine communities of Sumy region - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715348-vijska-rf-za-den-obstrilali-devat-gromad-sumsini-ova.html
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Serhiivka and Pobeda of Donetsk region, - Generator...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4925
Ukrainian Maguchikh is the first at the Diamond League Stage
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715353-ukrainka-magucih-persa-na-etapi-diamantovoi-ligi.html
AT Shakhtarsk Directive Russian Army Welled Paraskoveevka, Novomikhailivka, Vuhledar, Nov ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4926
Zelensky congratulated Erdogan on the victory in the elections: we expect to strengthen partnership
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715352-zelenskij-privitav-erdogana-z-peremogou-na-viborah-rozrahovuemo-na-zmicnenna-partnerstva.html
Canadian national team - World Hockey Champion -2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715351-zbirna-kanadi-cempion-svitu-z-hokeu2023.html
Russians deliberately "kill" the concept of global nuclear restraint - OP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715347-rosiani-navmisno-vbivaut-koncepciu-globalnogo-adernogo-strimuvanna-op.html
In the temporarily occupied Berdyansk heard a series of explosions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715346-v-timcasovo-okupovanomu-berdansku-prolunala-seria-vibuhiv.html
The Volleyball Women's Team Won Hungary in the second match of the Golden Eurolege
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715345-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-volejbolu-peremogla-ugorsinu-v-drugomu-matci-zolotoi-evroligi.html
At least 3-4 F-16 Squaders: Aviation Chief told how Ukraine can get an advantage in the air
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715342-hoca-b-34-eskadrili-f16-nacalnik-aviacii-rozpoviv-ak-ukraina-moze-otrimati-perevagu-u-povitri.html
Goweliers continue escaping from temporarily occupied Kherson region - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715343-gaulajteri-prodovzuut-vtecu-z-timcasovo-okupovanoi-hersonsini-gumenuk.html
G7 support gives confident positions on the way to victory over Russia - Yermak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715338-pidtrimka-g7-dae-vpevneni-pozicii-na-slahu-do-peremogi-nad-rosieu-ermak.html
Elections in Turkey: Erdogan in leaders after opening 99% of the election chests
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715335-vibori-u-tureccini-erdogan-u-liderah-pisla-vidkritta-99-viborcih-skrin.html
Elections in Turkey: Erdogan in leaders after opening 99% of the election chests
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715335-vibori-u-tureccini-erdogan-u-liderah-pisla-vidkritta-99-viborcih-skrin.html
Finnish Foreign Minister does not exclude the disintegration of the OSCE through the position of Russia and Belarus on the presidency of Estonia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715334-glava-mzs-finlandii-ne-viklucae-rozpad-obse-cerez-poziciu-rosii-j-bilorusi-sodo-golovuvanna-estonii.html
"Leicester" and "Leds" flew to the championship following the season 2022/23
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715332-lester-i-lids-viletili-v-cempionsip-za-pidsumkami-sezonu-202223.html
Russian troops fired Kupyansk district of Kharkiv region, is injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715330-vijska-rf-obstrilali-kupanskij-rajon-harkivsini-e-poranena.html
Reznikov commented on a publication of non -compliance with billions of weapons importers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715327-reznikov-prokomentuvav-publikaciu-pro-nevikonanna-milardnih-kontraktiv-importerami-zbroi.html
In Greece, a new parliament was oath that will dissolve in two days
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715326-u-grecii-sklav-prisagu-novij-parlament-akij-rozpustat-za-dvi-dobi.html
The Russians fired at the border of Sumy and Chernihiv for five times a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715328-rosiani-za-den-pat-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-ta-cernigivsini.html
Defense forces in a day repelled 18 enemy attacks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715320-sili-oboroni-za-dobu-vidbili-na-shodi-18-atak-voroga.html
Monaco-2023 Grand Prix: Ferstapppen came first
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715319-granpri-monako2023-ferstappen-priihav-persim.html
The enemy fired Dnipropetrovsk from heavy artillery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715318-vorog-atakuvav-dnipropetrovsinu-z-vazkoi-artilerii.html
President: Kyiv survived all the meanings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715314-prezident-kiiv-pereziv-usi-pidlosti-zagarbnikiv-perezive-j-rasistiv.html
Erdogan wins the Turkey presidential elections - preliminary data
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715311-erdogan-peremagae-na-prezidentskih-viborah-u-tureccini-poperedni-dani.html
Ukraine needs to strengthen the air defense system for the winter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715310-ukraini-neobhidno-na-zimu-zmicniti-sistemu-ppo-reznikov.html
In the General Staff specify the number of drones whipped at night - 58 out of 59
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715308-u-genstabi-utocnili-kilkist-zbitih-unoci-droniv-58-iz-59.html
Ukrainian air defense shot down 52 of 54 Shahed drones launched by Russia overnight
https://t.me/kpszsu/2541
Russian army shelled Nikopol twice overnight
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/53096
Damage in Kyiv as result of overnight attack with drones
https://t.me/Tsaplienko/32667
Russian drone hit infrastructure object in Zhytomyr region, no casualties
https://t.me/operativnoZSU/98277
Death toll of Russian missile strike at hospital in Dnipro city increased to 4 killed, 32 wou...
https://t.me/hromadske_ua/33316
Russian army conducted 3 missile strikes, 13 airstrikes and about 30 shelling with MLRS, used...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4919
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Luhansk and Donetsk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4928
Donetsk Oblast(09:55). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46687
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(10:41). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/25270
Russian FM Lavrov calls western plans to supply fighter jets to Ukraine an unacceptable escal...
https://t.me/bbbreaking/156484
In the center of Melitopol there was an explosion - mayor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715109-u-centri-melitopola-prolunav-vibuh-mer.html
Zaporizka Oblast(13:42). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46692
Record number of running "Shahmed": Defense forces at night destroyed 52 out of 54
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715111-rekordna-kilkist-zapusenih-sahediv-sili-oboroni-vnoci-znisili-52-z-54.html
Kherson region per day has suffered 73 shelling, there is a wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715112-hersonsina-za-dobu-zaznala-73-obstriliv-odnu-ludinu-poraneno.html
A second round of presidential elections began in Turkey
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715114-u-tureccini-rozpocavsa-drugij-tur-prezidentskih-viboriv.html
The army of the Russian Federation killed one inhabitant of Donetsk region, three wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3715115-armia-rf-za-dobu-vbila-odnogo-zitela-doneccini-troe-poraneni.html
Defense forces destroyed 206 600 Russians already
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715116-sili-oboroni-znisili-vze-206-600-rosian.html
Росія під час нічної атаки спрямувала «шахеди» нетрадиційними маршрутами - Гуменюк
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715118-rosia-pid-cas-nicnoi-ataki-spramuvala-sahedi-netradicijnimi-marsrutami-gumenuk.html
Matches in Lviv and Alexandria start the penultimate tour of the football premier league
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715121-matci-u-lvovi-ta-oleksandrii-rozpocinaut-peredostannij-tur-futbolnoi-premerligi.html
Explosions reported in Kadiivka
https://t.me/lachentyt/29809
Kyiv celebrates City Day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3715187-kiiv-vidznacae-den-mista.html
Donetsk Oblast(14:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46694
Zhytomyr Mayor declared damage as a result of a night attack
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715124-mer-zitomira-zaaviv-pro-poskodzenna-vnaslidok-nicnoi-ataki.html
Martha Kostyuk starts on Rolan Harros match against the second "racket" of the world
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715132-marta-kostuk-startue-na-rolan-garros-matcem-proti-drugoi-raketki-svitu.html
Humeniuk does not exclude that a large -scale nocturnal attack of the Russian Federation is associated with a new delivery of drones "Shahd"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715133-gumenuk-ne-viklucae-so-masstabna-nicna-ataka-rf-povazana-z-novou-postavkou-droniv-shahed.html
In Zaporozhye the enemy fired 21 settlements, four wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715135-na-zaporizzi-vorog-obstrilav-21-naselenij-punkt-cetvero-poranenih.html
Russians fired three districts of Kharkiv region a day, two civilians were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715138-rosiani-za-dobu-obstrilali-tri-rajoni-harkivsini-zaginuli-dvoe-civilnih.html
WTA rating: Svitolina rose to more than 300 seats and returned to top 200
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715142-rejting-wta-svitolina-pidnalasa-bils-niz-na-300-misc-i-povernulasa-do-top200.html
From the Luhansk region Russians take children for a so -called rest to the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715143-z-lugansini-rosiani-vivozat-ditej-na-tak-zvanij-vidpocinok-do-rf.html
The Armed Forces of the Armed Forces clarify whether the enemy used the rocket at night
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715145-povitrani-sili-zsu-utocnuut-ci-zastosovuvav-vorog-vnoci-raketi.html
In the Zhytomyr region, the enemy struck the infrastructure object
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715146-u-zitomirskij-oblasti-vorog-zavdav-udaru-po-obektu-infrastrukturi.html
The army of the Russian Federation per day attacked 12 regions of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715150-armia-rf-za-dobu-atakuvala-12-oblastej-ukraini.html
Forest fire, broken windows and damaged cars - the consequences of falling fragments in the Kyiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715153-lisova-pozeza-vibiti-vikna-ta-poskodzeni-avtivki-naslidki-padinna-ulamkiv-na-kiivsini.html
In Kiev as a result of the Shahheda attack, a person was killed, two wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3715156-u-kievi-vnaslidok-ataki-sahedami-zaginula-ludina-dvoe-poraneni.html
The number of rocket blow victims on the Dnieper increased to four
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715157-kilkist-zertv-raketnogo-udaru-po-dnipru-zrosla-do-cotiroh.html
NHL: Dallas reduced the lag in the vegas series in the 1/2 Final of the Stanley Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715158-nhl-dallas-skorotiv-vidstavanna-u-serii-z-vegasom-v-12-finalu-kubka-stenli.html
Russia has reduced the number of military in Belarus - border guards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715159-rosia-zmensila-kilkist-vijskovih-na-teritorii-bilorusi-prikordonniki.html
Boston leveled the score in the Miami series in the semifinals of the NBA playoff
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715164-boston-zrivnav-rahunok-u-serii-z-maami-u-pivfinali-plejoff-nba.html
In Japan there is a preparation for the Conference on Recovery of Ukraine - Korsun
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3715166-v-aponii-jde-pidgotovka-do-konferencii-z-vidnovlenna-ukraini-korsunskij.html
In Russia can make people work for free for the needs of war - British intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715171-u-rosii-mozut-zmusiti-ludej-pracuvati-bezkostovno-dla-potreb-vijni-britanska-rozvidka.html
Kropyvnytskyi conducted a motorway to support prisoners of war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715174-u-kropivnickomu-proveli-avtomotoprobig-na-pidtrimku-vijskovopolonenih.html
At the Cannes Film Festival, the French movie "The Trajectory of the Fall" won
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3715181-na-kannskomu-kinofestivali-peremig-francuzkij-film-traektoria-padinna.html
The anniversary "Mitigation under Chestnuts" took place in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3715185-u-kievi-vidbuvsa-uvilejnij-probig-pid-kastanami.html
There are no Russian rocket launchers in the Black and Azov Seas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715186-u-cornomu-ta-azovskomu-morah-vidsutni-rosijski-raketonosii.html
Sunflowers under the Embassy in Washington: Ukrainian activists reminded the military crimes of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3715192-sonasniki-pid-posolstvom-rf-u-vasingtoni-ukrainski-aktivisti-nagadali-pro-voenni-zlocini-kremla.html
As a result of the night attack of new damage to energy infrastructure there is no - Ukrenergo
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3715193-unaslidok-nicnoi-ataki-novih-poskodzen-energeticnoi-infrastrukturi-nemae-ukrenergo.html
Families of dead as a result of rocket strike on the Dnieper will receive ₴ 300 thousand assistance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715196-rodini-zagiblih-vnaslidok-raketnogo-udaru-po-dnipru-otrimaut-po-300-tisac-dopomogi.html
In Pakistan as a result of an avalanche, 11 people were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715197-u-pakistani-vnaslidok-shodzenna-lavini-zaginuli-11-ludej.html
Kolyar became the champion of Estonia in basketball, Voynalovich - silver medalist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715199-kovlar-stav-cempionom-estonii-z-basketbolu-vojnalovic-sribnij-prizer.html
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(18:46). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46697
In the Bakhmut direction, the intensity of enemy attacks has decreased significantly - the abdomen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715202-na-bahmutskomu-napramku-intensivnist-vorozih-atak-znacno-znizilasa-cerevatij.html
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Donetsk region (18:55). Red Alrt: ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46701
Zelensky proposes to impose sanctions against Iran - a resolution already in the Council
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715203-zelenskij-proponue-zaprovaditi-sankcii-proti-iranu-postanova-vze-v-radi.html
Zaporizka Oblast(19:00). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/13137
India's premiere opened a new parliament building
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715204-premer-indii-vidkriv-novu-budivlu-parlamentu.html
Sachko went out to the final of the qualification at the ATP tournament in Italy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715205-sacko-vijsov-u-final-kvalifikacii-na-turniri-atp-v-italii.html
In the Tavriysk direction daily losses of the Russian Federation exceeded the mouth
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715206-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-dobovi-vtrati-rf-perevisili-rotu.html
EU Ambassador About Kiev Fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715210-posol-es-pro-obstril-kieva-duh-cogo-mista-ne-zlamati.html
In the Kyiv region, a motorcyclist flew from people at a pedestrian crossing, five in hospital
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715211-na-kiivsini-motociklist-vletiv-u-ludej-na-pisohidnomu-perehodi-patero-v-likarni.html
Kostyuk gave way to the second "sown" at the start of "Rolan Harros"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715213-kostuk-postupilasa-drugij-sianij-na-starti-rolan-garros.html
Residents of Luhansk region submitted more than 36 thousand reports of the property destroyed as a result of the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3715216-ziteli-lugansini-podali-ponad-36-tisac-povidomlen-pro-zrujnovane-vnaslidok-vijni-majno.html
Mottoproatl returns on Kyiv Street
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3715217-na-vulici-kieva-povertaetsa-motopatrul.html
At the beginning of the week Ukraine will warm up to +24 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715220-na-pocatku-tizna-ukrainu-progrie-do-24.html
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Poltava region (19:55). Red Aller ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46709
Zaporizka Oblast(19:55). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/13140
The development of Bukovina scientists is used to master the moon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3715224-rozrobki-bukovinskih-vcenih-vikoristovuut-dla-osvoenna-misaca.html
Missile strikes reported at Yuryivka near Mariupol
https://t.me/mariupolnow/29813
Increased activity of Russian aviation. Several bombers reported airborne
https://t.me/kievreal1/42006
In Vienna there was a "mileage under chestnuts"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3715227-u-vidni-projsov-probig-pid-kastanami.html
Conversation with the Russians will only start after the withdrawal of troops from Ukraine - Podolyak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715228-rozmova-z-rosianami-pocnetsa-lise-pisla-vivedenna-vijsk-z-ukraini-podolak.html
In the state of New Mexico there was a shooting during a motorcycle-three dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715229-u-stati-numeksiko-stalasa-strilanina-pid-cas-motoprobigu-troe-zagiblih.html
Luzan won the second "gold" at the Polish stage of the World Cup on Rowing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715230-luzan-zdobula-druge-zoloto-na-polskomu-etapi-kubka-svitu-z-vesluvanna.html
In Japan developed a homework-assistant with artificial intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3715233-u-aponii-rozrobili-domasnogo-robotapomicnika-zi-stucnim-intelektom.html
“You are our heroes”: President thanked the Air Forces and rescuers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715234-vi-nasi-geroi-prezident-podakuvav-silam-ppo-i-ratuvalnikam.html
Viewers in Paris Slide Kostyuk after a match with Sobolenko on Rolan Garros
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715235-gladaci-v-parizi-osvistali-kostuk-pisla-matcu-iz-sobolenko-na-rolan-garros.html
The new European Security Architecture is impossible without the integration of Ukraine - Stephanyshyn
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715236-nova-arhitektura-bezpeki-evropi-nemozliva-bez-integracii-ukraini-stefanisina.html
Public transportation of Kiev will not rise before the end of the war - Klitschko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3715240-proizd-u-gromadskomu-transporti-kieva-do-kinca-vijni-ne-dorozcatime-klicko.html
Navy fighters shot from artillery boat shot over the Kiev reservoir
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715248-bijci-vms-postrilom-z-artilerijskogo-katera-zbili-shahed-nad-kiivskim-vodoshovisem.html
In Cherkasy region, they said goodbye to the National Guard, whom the judge was knocked to death
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715254-na-cerkasini-poprosalisa-iz-nacgvardijcem-akogo-na-smert-zbiv-sudda.html
Heroes Day was celebrated in Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715257-u-lvovi-vidznacili-den-geroiv.html
Ukrainians Vergeles and Rybachok won "silver" at the COP on kayaking and canoe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715258-ukrainci-vergeles-ta-ribacok-zdobuli-sriblo-na-etapi-ks-z-vesluvanna-na-bajdarkah-i-kanoe.html
In Poland, Canadian instructors teach Ukrainian military safety
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715260-u-polsi-kanadski-instruktori-vcat-ukrainskih-vijskovih-minnij-bezpeci.html
Shakhtar defeated Dnipro-1 and became ahead of the UPL champion ahead of schedule
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715267-sahtar-rozgromiv-dnipro1-i-dostrokovo-stav-cempionom-upl.html
The oldest opera house in the world for the first time canceled the performance through strike
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3715278-najstarisij-opernij-teatr-u-sviti-vperse-skasuvav-vistavu-cerez-strajk.html
UPL: Zorya won Alexandria
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715269-upl-zora-peremogla-oleksandriu.html
In Kiev, the water level in the Dnieper decreased by 11 centimeters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3715270-u-kievi-riven-vodi-v-dnipri-zmensivsa-na-11-santimetriv.html
The Committee of the Council tomorrow will consider the resolution on Iran's sanctions - Venislavsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715272-komitet-radi-zavtra-rozglane-postanovu-pro-sankcii-sodo-iranu-venislavskij.html
In Egypt, archaeologists have found embalming workshops and tombs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715277-v-egipti-arheologi-znajsli-majsterni-z-balzamuvanna-ta-grobnici.html
NASA astronauts will install new solar panels on ISS
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3715275-astronavti-nasa-vstanovlat-novi-sonacni-paneli-na-mks.html
On the border of Afghanistan and Iran, there was a shooting because of the distribution of water - there are dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715279-na-kordoni-afganistanu-j-iranu-stalasa-strilanina-cerez-rozpodil-vodi-e-zagibli.html
Due to the drain in Odessa flooded streets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715281-cerez-zlivu-v-odesi-zatopleni-vulici.html
Payments to the military: Venislavsky announced a new bill
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3715282-viplati-vijskovim-venislavskij-anonsuvav-novij-zakonoproekt.html
In Kiev, a rescuer - Klitschko was injured in Kiev as a result of the attack of drones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3715284-u-kievi-vnaslidok-ataki-droniv-postrazdav-ratuvalnik-klicko.html
A two -year -old girl who was looking for four days is in hospital
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715286-dvoricna-divcinka-aku-sukali-cotiri-dobi-perebuvae-u-likarni.html
In Zhytomyr as a result of the night attack drones are damaged 26 homes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715291-u-zitomiri-vnaslidok-nicnoi-ataki-droniv-poskodzeni-26-budinkiv.html
Ukraine is unlikely to become a member of NATO by the end of the war - Venislavsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715285-ukraina-navrad-ci-stane-clenom-nato-do-kinca-vijni-venislavskij.html
Michael's Golden -domed Cathedral marks the anniversary of recovery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3715292-mihajlivskij-zolotoverhij-sobor-vidznacae-ricnicu-vidnovlenna.html
The Ukrinform team took part in the "Chestnut Mitigation"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3715294-komanda-ukrinformu-vzala-ucast-u-probigu-pid-kastanami.html
Moldova will take part in international military exercises in Romania
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715296-moldova-vizme-ucast-u-miznarodnih-vijskovih-navcannah-u-rumunii.html
The Russian rocket hit the field near Kramatorsk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715297-rosijska-raketa-vlucila-v-pole-bila-kramatorska.html
In the capital of Slovenia was first passed "Chestnuts"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3715299-u-stolici-slovenii-vperse-projsov-probig-pid-kastanami.html
Hockey World Cup: Latvia won the US in a bronze duel
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715304-cs-z-hokeu-latvia-peremogla-ssa-v-poedinku-za-bronzu.html
Ukrainian military use Storm Shadow with 100% result - Reznikov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715305-ukrainski-vijskovi-vikoristovuut-storm-shadow-zi-100-rezultatom-reznikov.html
In Pechersk rescuers disassemble emergency structures on the roof of a damaged high -rise building
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3715306-na-pecersku-ratuvalniki-rozbiraut-avarijni-konstrukcii-na-dahu-poskodzenoi-bagatopoverhivki.html
In the General Staff specify the number of drones whipped at night - 58 out of 59
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715308-u-genstabi-utocnili-kilkist-zbitih-unoci-droniv-58-iz-59.html
Ukraine needs to strengthen the air defense system for the winter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715310-ukraini-neobhidno-na-zimu-zmicniti-sistemu-ppo-reznikov.html
Erdogan wins the Turkey presidential elections - preliminary data
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715311-erdogan-peremagae-na-prezidentskih-viborah-u-tureccini-poperedni-dani.html
President: Kyiv survived all the meanings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715314-prezident-kiiv-pereziv-usi-pidlosti-zagarbnikiv-perezive-j-rasistiv.html
The enemy fired Dnipropetrovsk from heavy artillery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715318-vorog-atakuvav-dnipropetrovsinu-z-vazkoi-artilerii.html
Monaco-2023 Grand Prix: Ferstapppen came first
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715319-granpri-monako2023-ferstappen-priihav-persim.html
Defense forces in a day repelled 18 enemy attacks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715320-sili-oboroni-za-dobu-vidbili-na-shodi-18-atak-voroga.html
The Russians fired at the border of Sumy and Chernihiv for five times a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715328-rosiani-za-den-pat-raziv-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-ta-cernigivsini.html
In Greece, a new parliament was oath that will dissolve in two days
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715326-u-grecii-sklav-prisagu-novij-parlament-akij-rozpustat-za-dvi-dobi.html
Reznikov commented on a publication of non -compliance with billions of weapons importers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715327-reznikov-prokomentuvav-publikaciu-pro-nevikonanna-milardnih-kontraktiv-importerami-zbroi.html
Russian troops fired Kupyansk district of Kharkiv region, is injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715330-vijska-rf-obstrilali-kupanskij-rajon-harkivsini-e-poranena.html
"Leicester" and "Leds" flew to the championship following the season 2022/23
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715332-lester-i-lids-viletili-v-cempionsip-za-pidsumkami-sezonu-202223.html
Finnish Foreign Minister does not exclude the disintegration of the OSCE through the position of Russia and Belarus on the presidency of Estonia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715334-glava-mzs-finlandii-ne-viklucae-rozpad-obse-cerez-poziciu-rosii-j-bilorusi-sodo-golovuvanna-estonii.html
Elections in Turkey: Erdogan in leaders after opening 99% of the election chests
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715335-vibori-u-tureccini-erdogan-u-liderah-pisla-vidkritta-99-viborcih-skrin.html
G7 support gives confident positions on the way to victory over Russia - Yermak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715338-pidtrimka-g7-dae-vpevneni-pozicii-na-slahu-do-peremogi-nad-rosieu-ermak.html
Goweliers continue escaping from temporarily occupied Kherson region - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715343-gaulajteri-prodovzuut-vtecu-z-timcasovo-okupovanoi-hersonsini-gumenuk.html
At least 3-4 F-16 Squaders: Aviation Chief told how Ukraine can get an advantage in the air
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715342-hoca-b-34-eskadrili-f16-nacalnik-aviacii-rozpoviv-ak-ukraina-moze-otrimati-perevagu-u-povitri.html
The Volleyball Women's Team Won Hungary in the second match of the Golden Eurolege
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715345-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-z-volejbolu-peremogla-ugorsinu-v-drugomu-matci-zolotoi-evroligi.html
In the temporarily occupied Berdyansk heard a series of explosions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715346-v-timcasovo-okupovanomu-berdansku-prolunala-seria-vibuhiv.html
Russians deliberately "kill" the concept of global nuclear restraint - OP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715347-rosiani-navmisno-vbivaut-koncepciu-globalnogo-adernogo-strimuvanna-op.html
Canadian national team - World Hockey Champion -2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715351-zbirna-kanadi-cempion-svitu-z-hokeu2023.html
Zelensky congratulated Erdogan on the victory in the elections: we expect to strengthen partnership
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715352-zelenskij-privitav-erdogana-z-peremogou-na-viborah-rozrahovuemo-na-zmicnenna-partnerstva.html
Ukrainian Maguchikh is the first at the Diamond League Stage
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715353-ukrainka-magucih-persa-na-etapi-diamantovoi-ligi.html
Russian troops fired at nine communities of Sumy region - Ova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715348-vijska-rf-za-den-obstrilali-devat-gromad-sumsini-ova.html
Under Bakhmut, the Wagner group deserted by stopping military equipment - the General Staff
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715331-pid-bahmutom-grupa-vagnerivciv-dezertiruvala-vikravsi-vijskovu-tehniku-genstab.html
The Chairman of the High Election Commission of Turkey has announced the victory of Erdogan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715357-golova-visoi-viborcoi-komisii-tureccini-ogolosiv-pro-peremogu-erdogana.html
The Armed Forces told how the F-16 will be hidden from Russian rocket strokes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715359-v-zsu-rozpovili-ak-hovatimut-f16-vid-rosijskih-raketnih-udariv.html
In Mariupol "Cotton" Evening: There are losses among the enemy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715360-u-mariupoli-bavovnanij-vecir-e-vtrati-sered-voroga.html
TRI warriors showed how reflected the offensive of the Russian invaders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/voyiny-syl-tro-pokazaly-yak-vidbyly-nastup-rosijskyh-okupantiv/
Great hunting for orcs: Mountain assaults cleaned the positions of the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/chudove-polyuvannya-na-orkiv-girski-shturmovyky-zachystyly-pozycziyi-okupantiv/
SBU special forces throw occupiers by 'gifts' right from the sky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/speczpryznachenczi-sbu-zakydayut-okupantiv-podarunkamy-prosto-z-neba/
The State Security Service provides new opportunities to remain continuously in the Ukrainian information space
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/derzhpeczzvyazku-zabezpechuye-novi-mozhlyvosti-bezperervno-zalyshatysya-v-ukrayinskomu-informaczijnomu-prostori/
The Government Program of "shelter" was a lot helped in the first months of a large -scale war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/uryadova-programa-pryhystok-duzhe-dopomogla-v-pershi-misyaczi-povnomasshtabnoyi-vijny/
The President of Ukraine entered into force the NSDC decision on sanctions against 51 individuals and 220 legal entities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/prezydent-ukrayiny-vviv-u-diyu-rishennya-rnbo-pro-sankcziyi-proty-51-fizychnoyi-ta-220-yurydychnyh-osib/
"There is nothing to shoot in territorial defense in Belgorod region" - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/okupant-rozpovidaye-pro-pogane-zabezpechennya-terytorialnoyi-oborony-na-byelgorodshhyni-tam-nema-chym-strilyaty-perehoplennya-gur/
Shoot in civilians in Chernihiv region: they will judge a Russian serviceman
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/strilyav-u-czyvilnyh-na-chernigivshhyni-sudytymut-rosijskogo-vijskovosluzhbovczya/
DShv snipers showed how "demilitaris" enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/snajpery-dshv-pokazaly-yak-demilitaryzuyut-protyvnyka/
Aviation of Defense Forces caused 7 blows to the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-7-udariv-po-vorogu/
Our defenders have repelled 21 enemy attacks during the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/nashi-zahysnyky-protyagom-doby-vidbyly-21-vorozhu-ataku/
New military units of the Russian Federation arrive in Belarus
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/u-bilorus-prybuvayut-novi-vijskovi-pidrozdily-rf/
Night Drone Attack: Aircraft forces knocked down 52 "Shahda"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/nichna-ataka-droniv-syly-ppo-zbyly-52-shahedy-z-54/
Another minus 400 occupiers, 7 BBM and 11 artistem: daily loss of enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/shhe-minus-400-okupantiv-7-bbm-ta-11-artysystem-dobovi-vtraty-voroga/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
The women's national team for academic rowing has become a European champion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/zhinocha-zbirna-ukrayiny-z-akademichnogo-vesluvannya-stala-chempionom-yevropy/
Austria allocates Ukraine 2 million euros for humanitarian demining
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/avstriya-vydilyaye-ukrayini-2-mln-yevro-na-gumanitarne-rozminuvannya/
The tactics of the enemy remain unchanged: he tries to strike on the objects of critical infrastructure - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/taktyka-voroga-zalyshayetsya-nezminnoyu-vin-namagayetsya-zavdavaty-udariv-po-obyektah-krytychnoyi-infrastruktury-yurij-ignat/
Demand of Ukraine: three aviation bombs were neutralized per day of pyrotechnics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/rozminuvannya-ukrayiny-za-dobu-pirotehniky-zneshkodyly-try-aviaczijnyh-bomby/
Ukraine returned a child that the Russians were forcibly deported from Mariupol
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/ukrayina-povernula-dytynu-yaku-rosiyany-prymusovo-deportuvaly-z-mariupolya/
Anna Malyar: For me victory is a start of a new Ukraine that will become an indomitable and even stronger state
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/ganna-malyar-dlya-mene-peremoga-cze-start-novoyi-ukrayiny-yaka-stane-nezlamnoyu-i-shhe-sylnishoyu-derzhavoyu/
The Russians attacked 139 settlements in 11 regions of Ukraine a day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/rosiyany-za-dobu-atakuvaly-11-oblastej-ukrayiny/
To carry out the night blow of UAV from the south, the enemy used the airspace of the occupied territories - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/dlya-zdijsnennya-nichnogo-udaru-bpla-z-pivdnya-vorog-vykorystovuvav-povitryanyj-prostir-okupovanyh-terytorij-nataliya-gumenyuk/
In the Bakhmut direction, the intensity of hostile attacks has decreased significantly - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-intensyvnist-vorozhyh-atak-znachno-znyzylasya-sergij-cherevatyj/
The Russian army fired at Sumy and Chernihiv from mortars 5 times a day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/armiya-rf-za-dobu-5-raziv-obstrilyala-sumshhynu-ta-chernigivshhynu-z-minometiv/
EU Ambassador About Night Attack to Kiev: The Russian Federation will not break the spirit of this mighty city
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/posol-yes-pro-nichnu-ataku-na-kyyiv-rf-ne-zlamaye-duh-czogo-mogutnogo-mista/
Russia did not bring rocket to the Black and Azov Seas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/rosiya-ne-vyvela-raketonosiyi-u-chorne-ta-azovske-morya/
The President of Ukraine appealed to the forces of air defense and rescuers: you are our heroes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/prezydent-ukrayiny-zvernuvsya-do-syl-ppo-i-ryatuvalnykiv-vy-nashi-geroyi/
Army Ludmila Luzan won the Gold of the World Cup on Rowing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/armijka-lyudmyla-luzan-zdobula-zoloto-kubka-svitu-z-vesluvannya/
In Poland, Canadian instructors teach the Armed Forces of Ministry of Safety
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/u-polshhi-kanadski-instruktory-navchayut-voyiniv-zsu-minnoyi-bezpeky/
Crimes of the Russian Federation against the National Security of Ukraine: almost 17 thousand cases have been recorded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/zlochyny-rf-proty-naczbezpeky-ukrayiny-zafiksovano-majzhe-17-tysyach-vypadkiv-2/
Alexei Reznikov on Kyiv Day: This city is a symbol of the unbrokenness of the Ukrainian spirit
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/oleksij-reznikov-u-den-kyyeva-cze-misto-symvol-nezlamnosti-ukrayinskogo-duhu/
The new security architecture is impossible without the integration of Ukraine - Olga Stephanyshyn
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/nova-arhitektura-bezpeky-nemozhlyva-bez-integracziyi-ukrayiny-olga-stefanishyna/
Ukraine seeks to return all defenders, regardless of the duration of being in captivity - coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/ukrayina-pragne-povernuty-usih-zahysnykiv-ne-zalezhno-vid-tryvalosti-perebuvannya-u-nevoli-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
In the Tavriya direction of the loss of the enemy in the living force is 124 invaders - Valery Shershn
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/na-tavrijskomu-napryamku-vtraty-protyvnyka-v-zhyvij-syli-stanovlyat-124-okupanty-valerij-shershen/
Army athletes as part of the national team - champions of the World Cup on Kayak
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/armijski-sportsmeny-u-skladi-zbirnoyi-chempiony-kubku-svitu-z-vesluvannya-na-bajdarkah/
“In early March due to a failed assault in our unit 60" 200's "-the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/na-pochatku-bereznya-cherez-nevdalyj-shturm-u-nashomu-pidrozdili-60-200-tyh-perehoplennya-gur/
For a day of defense forces repelled 18 attacks of the Russian Federation - the General Staff of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/za-dobu-syly-oborony-vidbyly-18-atak-rf-genshtab-zsu/
In Kherson region, the invaders threaten the confiscation of property and deportation for refusing a passport of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/na-hersonshhyni-okupanty-pogrozhuyut-konfiskacziyeyu-majna-ta-deportacziyeyu-za-vidmovu-vid-pasporta-rf/
In the General Staff of the Armed Forces, the results of the Nights of the Shahaneda on the part of the Russian Federation were specified
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/u-genshtabi-zsu-utochnyly-rezultaty-nichnoyi-ataky-shahediv-z-boku-rf/
Alexei Reznikov: Ukrainian military use Storm Shadow with 100% result
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/oleksij-reznikov-ukrayinski-vijskovi-vykorystovuyut-storm-shadow-zi-100-rezultatom/
In Lisichansk and Bakhmuta, 120 Russians fled from combat positions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/okupanty-dezertuyut-u-lysychansku-ta-bahmuti-z-bojovyh-pozyczij-vteklo-120-rosiyan/
Ukraine will put a point in the history of Moscow despotism - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/kyyiv-ta-vsi-mista-ukrayiny-postavlyat-krapku-v-istoriyi-moskovskoyi-despotiyi-prezydent-ukrayiny/
The army of the Russian Federation fired at mortars and artillery of the border of Sumy region and Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/armiya-rf-obstrilyala-z-minometiv-ta-artyleriyi-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-i-chernigivshhyny/
Kyiv's stability demonstrates the power of his people - the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Britain
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/stijkist-kyyeva-demonstruye-sylu-jogo-narodu-glava-mzs-brytaniyi/
Rashists fired two settlements in Kharkiv region: there is a wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/vijska-rosarmiyi-obstrilyaly-dva-naselenyh-punkty-na-harkivshhyni-ye-poranena/
Representatives of the Ministry of Defense of Ukraine discussed the needs of the Ukrainian army with the Netherlands delegation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/predstavnyky-minoborony-ukrayiny-obgovoryly-iz-delegacziyeyu-niderlandiv-potreby-ukrayinskoyi-armiyi/
Hydroglu named the last elections in Turkey the most unfair in recent years
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715363-kilicdaroglu-nazvav-ostanni-vibori-v-tureccini-najbils-nespravedlivimi-za-ostanni-roki.html
The Russian leadership will respond to the attack on the Dnieper and Kiev - EU spokeswoman
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715361-rosijske-kerivnictvo-vidpovist-za-ataku-na-dnipro-ta-kiiv-recnica-es.html
The Russian leadership will respond to the attack on the Dnieper and Kiev - EU spokeswoman
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715361-rosijske-kerivnictvo-vidpovist-za-ataku-na-dnipro-ta-kiiv-recnica-es.html
Hydroglu named the last elections in Turkey the most unfair in recent years
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715363-kilicdaroglu-nazvav-ostanni-vibori-v-tureccini-najbils-nespravedlivimi-za-ostanni-roki.html
Air anxiety is spreading Ukraine: there is a threat of UAVs and rocket strokes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715364-ukrainou-siratsa-povitrani-trivogi-e-zagroza-bpla-ta-raketnih-udariv.html
The Ministry of Reintegration reported where Ukrainians get free legal aid in Poland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/minreintegracziyi-povidomylo-de-ukrayinczyam-otrymaty-bezkoshtovnu-yurydychnu-dopomogu-u-polshhi/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====