乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-29

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanshchyna directions Russian army shelled Blesnya, Tymonovychi, My...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4920
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled well, Krasne First, Figololivka, Novomlinsk, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4921
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske and Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4922
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Privilia, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Grigorye ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4923
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novokalinova, Avdiivka, Pervomaisko And Karlovka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4924
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Serhiivka and Pobeda of Donetsk region, - Generator...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4925
AT Shakhtarsk Directive Russian Army Welled Paraskoveevka, Novomikhailivka, Vuhledar, Nov ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4926
Chernihivska Oblast(21:17). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46717
Sumska Oblast(21:18). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46718
Zaporizka Oblast, Donetsk Oblast(21:59). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cove...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46722
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(22:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/16018
Chernihivska Oblast(23:06). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/19002
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(23:09). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46727
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(23:17). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnemykolaiv/25998
Kirovohradska Oblast(23:28). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46729
Kyiv, Kyiv Oblast(23:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46730
Sumska Oblast(23:35). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46731
Cherkaska Oblast, Poltavska Oblast(23:45). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take co...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46734
Zhytomyr, Zhytomyrska Oblast(23:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46735
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(00:17). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46736
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(00:18). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46737
Zaporizka Oblast(00:20). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/13146
Odeska Oblast(00:20). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilneodesa/23590
Vinnytska Oblast(00:33). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46740
Khmelnytska Oblast(00:36). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46741
Chernivetska Oblast, Rivne, Rivnenska Oblast(00:38). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens soundin...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46743
Ternopil, Ternopil region, Volyn region, Ivano-Frankivsk, Ivano-Frankivsk region (01: ZH ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46746
Lviv, Lvivska Oblast(01:45). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46747
Zakarpattia Oblast(01:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46748
Air defense was active in Odesa
https://t.me/our_odessa/47781
Air defense was active in Poltava and Kropivnytsky regions
https://t.me/lachentyt/29825
Explosions reported in Khmelnitsky region
https://t.me/lachentyt/29826
Explosions were audible in Kyiv region
https://t.me/kyiv_polit/34023
Explosion in Holosiivsky district Kyiv
https://t.me/vitaliy_klitschko/1989
Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Zaporizhzhya region, Donetsk region (04:50). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46774
Odeska Oblast(05:46). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilneodesa/23594
TRI warriors showed how reflected the offensive of the Russian invaders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/voyiny-syl-tro-pokazaly-yak-vidbyly-nastup-rosijskyh-okupantiv/
Great hunting for orcs: Mountain assaults cleaned the positions of the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/chudove-polyuvannya-na-orkiv-girski-shturmovyky-zachystyly-pozycziyi-okupantiv/
SBU special forces throw occupiers by 'gifts' right from the sky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/speczpryznachenczi-sbu-zakydayut-okupantiv-podarunkamy-prosto-z-neba/
The State Security Service provides new opportunities to remain continuously in the Ukrainian information space
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/derzhpeczzvyazku-zabezpechuye-novi-mozhlyvosti-bezperervno-zalyshatysya-v-ukrayinskomu-informaczijnomu-prostori/
The Government Program of "shelter" was a lot helped in the first months of a large -scale war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/uryadova-programa-pryhystok-duzhe-dopomogla-v-pershi-misyaczi-povnomasshtabnoyi-vijny/
The President of Ukraine entered into force the NSDC decision on sanctions against 51 individuals and 220 legal entities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/prezydent-ukrayiny-vviv-u-diyu-rishennya-rnbo-pro-sankcziyi-proty-51-fizychnoyi-ta-220-yurydychnyh-osib/
"There is nothing to shoot in territorial defense in Belgorod region" - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/okupant-rozpovidaye-pro-pogane-zabezpechennya-terytorialnoyi-oborony-na-byelgorodshhyni-tam-nema-chym-strilyaty-perehoplennya-gur/
Shoot in civilians in Chernihiv region: they will judge a Russian serviceman
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/strilyav-u-czyvilnyh-na-chernigivshhyni-sudytymut-rosijskogo-vijskovosluzhbovczya/
DShv snipers showed how "demilitaris" enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/snajpery-dshv-pokazaly-yak-demilitaryzuyut-protyvnyka/
Aviation of Defense Forces caused 7 blows to the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-7-udariv-po-vorogu/
Our defenders have repelled 21 enemy attacks during the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/nashi-zahysnyky-protyagom-doby-vidbyly-21-vorozhu-ataku/
New military units of the Russian Federation arrive in Belarus
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/u-bilorus-prybuvayut-novi-vijskovi-pidrozdily-rf/
Night Drone Attack: Aircraft forces knocked down 52 "Shahda"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/nichna-ataka-droniv-syly-ppo-zbyly-52-shahedy-z-54/
Another minus 400 occupiers, 7 BBM and 11 artistem: daily loss of enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/shhe-minus-400-okupantiv-7-bbm-ta-11-artysystem-dobovi-vtraty-voroga/
Army athletes as part of the national team - World Koward World Cup Champions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/28/armijski-sportsmeny-u-skladi-zbirnoyi-chempiony-kubku-svitu-z-vesluvannya-na-bajdarkah/
The court in Moldova left under the house of the Vice -head of the pro -Russian Party "Shore"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715736-sud-u-moldovi-zalisiv-pid-domasnim-arestom-vicegolovu-prorosijskoi-partii-sor.html
Buckwheat and beetroot - IAE
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3715656-najbilse-u-kvitni-podesevsali-grecka-ta-burak-iae.html
In Israel protested the marine "iron dome"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715654-v-izraili-protestuvali-morskij-zaliznij-kupol.html
Rutte: Helping Ukraine to defend is not a choice, it should be done
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715806-rutte-dopomagati-ukraini-zahisatisa-ce-ne-vibir-ce-potribno-robiti.html
Hubble showed a "lonely" spiral galaxy in the constellation of whale
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3715602-hubble-pokazav-samotnu-spiralnu-galaktiku-v-suziri-kita.html
In Kiev, a number of trolleybuses was suspended due to the fall of a rocket fragment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3715552-u-kievi-zatrimuetsa-ruh-nizki-trolejbusiv-cerez-padinna-ulamka-raketi.html
Youth World Cup 2023 Football: Quarter Finalists will be determined by June 2
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715801-molodiznij-cs2023-z-futbolu-cvertfinalisti-viznacatsa-30-travna.html
No one else in the world uses weapons against evil more effectively than Ukrainians - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715804-nihto-insij-u-sviti-ne-zastosovue-zbrou-proti-zla-efektivnise-niz-ukrainci-zelenskij.html
In Turkey, a fishing boat was condemned by the Syrian regime
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715800-u-tureccini-zasudili-obstril-ribalskogo-covna-silami-sirijskogo-rezimu.html
Zelensky discussed with the Prime Minister of the Netherlands strengthening air defense and creation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715797-zelenskij-obgovoriv-z-premerom-niderlandiv-posilenna-ppo-i-stvorenna-aviakoalicii.html
JSC Kupiansk Directio Rusian Army Shelled well, Krasne First, Figololivka, Novomlinsk, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4930
The invaders are taken to Lugansk from kremlin documents
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715626-zagarbniki-vivozat-u-lugansk-dokumenti-z-kreminnoi.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region; Torske, Verkhn...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4931
The President had a conversation with Erdogan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715796-prezident-proviv-rozmovu-z-erdoganom.html
Biden greeted Erdogan on the victory in the election
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715794-bajden-privitav-erdogana-z-peremogou-na-viborah.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Novopil of Donetsk regi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4936
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4937
Zelensky about rocket strokes of the Russian Federation: The world must see that terror loses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715793-zelenskij-pro-raketni-udari-rf-svit-povinen-baciti-so-teror-prograe.html
UPL called the best player and trainer of the 29th round
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715791-upl-nazvala-najkrasih-gravca-ta-trenera-29go-turu.html
Russia conducted rocket launchers: the Armed Forces said how many "calibers" were now in the Black Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715790-rf-zdijsnila-rotaciu-raketonosiiv-v-zsu-skazali-skilki-kalibriv-zaraz-v-cornomu-mori.html
After the explosions, Russian invaders intensified the construction of fortifications around Mariupol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715787-pisla-vibuhiv-rosijski-zagarbniki-aktivizuvali-budivnictvo-ukriplen-navkolo-mariupola.html
Poltavska Oblast(10:25). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/11333
The RDC Legion stated that his fighters went to
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715786-legion-rdk-zaaviv-so-jogo-bijci-znovu-zahodili-do-rosii.html
OP assumed why Russia regularly attack rockets and drones Ukrainian cities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715784-v-op-pripustili-comu-rosia-regularno-atakue-raketami-ta-dronami-ukrainski-mista.html
NATO noted the mutual benefit of the Alliance dialogue with Ukraine in technology and innovation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715781-u-nato-vidznacili-vzaemnu-korist-dialogu-alansu-z-ukrainou-u-tehnologiah-ta-innovaciah.html
Up to 11 years in prison sentenced Odessa who raised money for Russian invaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3715729-do-11-rokiv-uvaznenna-zasudili-odesitku-aka-zbirala-grosi-dla-rosijskih-zagarbnikiv.html
Instead of the "Wagner" in Bakhmut come Russian paratroopers - cherry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715779-zamist-vagnerivciv-u-bahmut-zahodat-rosijski-desantniki-cerevatij.html
Kyiv(10:09). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/KyivCityOfficial/6813
Dynamo and Shakhtar held the 2000s in the football premiere league
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715774-dinamo-ta-sahtar-proveli-2000i-goli-u-futbolnij-premerlizi.html
Ukraine needs a 120 -kilometer demilitarized zone in Russia - Podolyak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715772-ukraini-potribna-120kilometrova-demilitarizovana-zona-na-teritorii-rosii-podolak.html
Blinken goes to northern Europe - will talk about NATO Vilnius Summit and support Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715770-blinken-ide-v-pivnicnu-evropu-govoritime-pro-vilnuskij-samit-nato-ta-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
In the north of Kosovo as a result of clashes two Serbs wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715764-na-pivnoci-kosova-vnaslidok-suticok-poraneni-dvoh-serbiv.html
Zelensky turned to the Americans on memory day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715762-zelenskij-zvernuvsa-do-amerikanciv-u-den-pamati.html
The invaders again died in Sumy region: damaged composition of the agro -enterprise
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715812-zagarbniki-znovu-gatili-po-sumsini-poskodzenij-sklad-agropidpriemstva.html
Clashes in Kosovo: NATO patrol representatives were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715811-suticki-v-kosovo-predstavniki-patrula-nato-otrimali-poranenna.html
Ukrainian air defense shot down 37 Cruise missiles, 29 Shahed drones, launched by Russia over...
https://t.me/CinCAFU/506
1 person was wounded as result of shelling of Kucherivka village in Kharkiv region, another i...
https://t.me/huyovy_kharkiv/111124
Donetsk Oblast(09:05). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46781
Ukrainian official: Russia targeted a military site in Khmelnytskyi, in the west of the count...
https://twitter.com/AlArabiya_Brk/status/1663080465324990469
Fire in Zolochiv district after debris of the missile have fallen
https://t.me/channel24_ua/90159
Debris of a missile destroyed a truck on Kyiv-Chop highway near Mila village
https://t.me/kyiv_polit/34046
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(09:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46782
Shelling reported in Kherson
https://twitter.com/hochu_dodomu/status/1663085935045517312
Explosions reported in Shebekino
https://t.me/zhest_belgorod/27304
Kyiv Oblast(10:09). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46784
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(10:14). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/16029
Zaporizka Oblast(10:14). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46786
Loud explosion reported in Kyiv. Air sirens sounded minutes before
https://t.me/ukrpravda_news/31079
Ukraine's Foreign Minister: Russian drone attacks require international support for Kyiv's ai...
https://twitter.com/AlArabiya_Brk/status/1663093438508675073
Chernihivska Oblast(10:20). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46787
Air defense is active in Kyiv
https://t.me/liganet/27682
Zhytomyr, Zhytomyr region, Cherkasy region (10:25). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Solday ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46789
Vinnitsa region, Sumy region, Kirovohrad region (10:26). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Siren ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46793
Rescue services are on the way to the sites of explosions in central Kyiv, - Mayor Klitschko
https://t.me/ukrpravda_news/31084
Air defense is active in Chernihiv region
https://t.me/suspilnenews/21179
Khmelnytska Oblast(10:32). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46794
Debris of a missile have fallen on the street in Obolon district of Kyiv
https://t.me/babel/33001
Lviv, Lviv region, Ivano-Frankivsk, Ivano-Frankivsk region, Transcarpathia region, Ternopil, ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46801
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Huta-Studenetska, Karpovy...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4929
Kyiv(10:58). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/19018
Air defense worked out in Desniansky district of Kyiv
https://t.me/babel/33005
Donetsk Oblast(11:15). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46814
Up to 6 debris of suspected Iskander missiles have fallen in several districts of Kyiv
https://t.me/Tsaplienko/32760
1 person killed, 9 wounded as result of Russian shelling in Pokrovke community of Synelnykove...
https://t.me/babel/33016
Poltavska Oblast(11:49). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://liveuamap.com/en/2023/29-may-poltavska-oblast1149-red-alert-aerial-g
Sumy region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Zaporizhzhya region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region (1 ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46828
Russian army conducted missile strike with Iskander missile in Kishvarivka village of Kupians...
https://t.me/synegubov/6302
Donetsk Oblast(12:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46835
Ukrainian air defense shot down 11 Russian ballistic and cruise missiles Iskander in the 2nd ...
https://t.me/CinCAFU/507
1 person killed, 8 wounded as result of Russian aerial bombardment in Toretsk town with FAB-2...
https://t.me/pgo_gov_ua/12619
Missile Strikes A reported by Mikhailivka Village Ner Vasylivka, Zaporozhye Region
https://t.me/dniprorudne_ukraine/2296
Kyiv, Kyiv Oblast(15:53). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46837
Chernihivska Oblast(15:56). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46839
Explosions reported in Kherson
https://t.me/channel24_ua/90239
Ukrainian Parliament imposed sanctions on Iran for the next 50 years for the help to Russia i...
https://twitter.com/ukrpravda_news/status/1663185663083069442
Zhytomyr, Zhytomyrska Oblast(16:23). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46840
Explosions in Grafovka village of Belgorod region
https://t.me/breakingmash/44454
Due to an accident on the Dnipro-Western Donbas water pipeline, water supply has been cut off...
https://t.me/hyevuy_dnepr/53189
Schelling reports in New Tavolzhanka, Belgorod region
https://t.me/belgorod_informant/4506
Explosions reported in Sevastopol
https://t.me/chp_sevastopol/15854
Zaporizhzhya region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region (18:38). Red Aller ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46847
Donetsk Oblast(18:39). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46848
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(19:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46853
Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Donetsk region (19:32). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding ....
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/46855
In the Netherlands, the first 60 Ukrainian refugees settled in the temporary area "Dream"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3715577-u-niderlandah-persi-60-ukrainskih-bizenciv-oselilisa-v-timcasovomu-rajoni-mria.html
South Korea, USA and Japan warned the DPRK of a decisive response in the event of a satellite launch
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3715590-pivdenna-korea-ssa-i-aponia-poperedili-kndr-pro-risucu-vidpovid-u-razi-zapusku-suputnika.html
The enemy released 11 ballistic and winged Iskander missiles in the Kyiv region - the air defense has destroyed all goals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715591-vorog-vipustiv-po-kiivsini-11-balisticnih-i-krilatih-raket-iskander-ppo-znisila-vsi-cili.html
In Lviv region there was a fire in a boarding house for the elderly, a woman was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715592-na-lvivsini-stalasa-pozeza-u-pansionati-dla-litnih-zaginula-zinka.html
The Guarantee Fund will try again to sell Magellan shopping mall
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3715594-fond-garantuvanna-vkotre-sprobue-prodati-trc-magelan.html
Mbappe was recognized as the best football player of the season in France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715595-mbappe-ucetverte-pospil-viznali-najkrasim-futbolistom-sezonu-u-francii.html
Denmark has increased funding for Ukraine support fund by $ 2.6 billion - Zelensky thanked
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715600-dania-zbilsila-finansuvanna-fondu-pidtrimki-ukraini-na-26-milarda-zelenskij-podakuvav.html
The National Guard from Igla-1 MSC knocked down a rocket that she was flying to Kiev at night
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3715601-nacgvardiec-iz-pzrk-igla1-zbiv-raketu-so-vnoci-letila-na-kiiv.html
The Russians dropped the airbag on Toretsk - a person killed, nine wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715605-rosiani-skinuli-aviabombi-na-toreck-zaginula-ludina-devatero-poraneni.html
Explosions reported in Melitopol
https://t.me/rusbrief/121405
Zelensky had a conversation with Cambodia Prime Minister - Talked about Demand
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715607-zelenskij-proviv-rozmovu-z-premerom-kambodzi-govorili-pro-rozminuvanna.html
In the Liman Defense Forces destroyed the composition of the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715610-na-limanskomu-napramku-sili-oboroni-znisili-sklad-rosian.html
Ukraine will be able to pass the next heating season without gas import - Chernyshov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3715617-ukraina-zmoze-projti-nastupnij-opaluvalnij-sezon-bez-importu-gazu-cernisov.html
Duda signed a law on investigating Russian influences in Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715613-duda-pidpisav-zakon-pro-rozsliduvanna-rosijskih-vpliviv-u-polsi.html
Vitaliy Sachko will perform in the main grid of ATP tournament in Italy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715616-vitalij-sacko-vistupit-v-osnovnij-sitci-turniru-atp-v-italii.html
Ukraine can become a significant exporter of gas to the EU - Chernyshov by 2027
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3715618-ukraina-moze-do-2027-roku-stati-znacnim-eksporterom-gazu-do-es-cernisov.html
Blow in Dnipropetrovsk: the head of the regional council told about victims and destruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715620-udar-po-dnipropetrovsini-golova-oblradi-rozpoviv-pro-zertvi-i-rujnuvanna.html
Putin has legalized "elections" and deportation in the occupied territory of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715627-putin-uzakoniv-vibori-ta-deportaciu-na-okupovanij-teritorii-ukraini.html
Почеттіно – новий головний тренер «Челсі»
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715630-pocettino-novij-golovnij-trener-celsi.html
Guarantee Fund sells a loan portfolio
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3715633-fond-garantuvanna-prodae-kreditnij-portfel-fizosib-banku-arkada.html
Georgia about relations with the Russian Federation: not a concession, but "strategic policy of patience"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715638-gruzia-pro-vidnosini-z-rf-ne-postupki-a-strategicna-politika-terpinna.html
Border Guards denied a fake prohibiting leaving Ukraine for 17-year-old boys
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3715637-prikordonniki-sprostuvali-fejk-pro-zaboronu-viizdu-z-ukraini-dla-17ricnih-unakiv.html
In the Luhansk region, the invaders are looking for guerrillas who attempted the cornet
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715642-na-lugansini-zagarbniki-sukaut-partizaniv-aki-zdijsnili-zamah-na-korneta.html
President of Turkiye Erdogan had a phone calls with Putin and President of Ukraine Zelensky
https://t.me/tass_agency/193971
Budanov after the attack of the Russian Federation: Our answer will not be delayed - you will be very sorry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715644-budanov-pisla-ataki-rf-nasa-vidpovid-ne-zabaritsa-vi-duze-skoro-poskoduete.html
Wax on Wednesday will consider the appeal for the arrest of Knyazev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3715645-vaks-u-seredu-rozglane-apelaciu-na-arest-knazeva.html
Russia denounced the Ordinary Armed Forces Treaty in Europe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715646-rosia-denonsuvala-dogovir-pro-zvicajni-zbrojni-sili-v-evropi.html
In the deocal Cherkasy silences began to turn the light in the home
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3715650-u-deokupovani-cerkaski-tiski-pocali-povertati-svitlo-v-oseli.html
In Israel protested the marine "iron dome"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715654-v-izraili-protestuvali-morskij-zaliznij-kupol.html
Buckwheat and beetroot - IAE
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3715656-najbilse-u-kvitni-podesevsali-grecka-ta-burak-iae.html
Rusyna was bored into the national team of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715657-rusina-doviklikali-u-zbirnu-ukraini.html
Banks last week issued ₴ 2.8 billion available loans
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3715658-banki-minulogo-tizna-vidali-28-milarda-dostupnih-kreditiv.html
Naftogaz has a strategy for compulsory recovery of $ 5 billion compensation from Russia for property in Crimea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3715659-naftogaz-mae-strategiu-primusovogo-stagnenna-5-milardiv-kompensacii-z-rosii-za-majno-u-krimu.html
Foreign investors for a year brought out $ 36 billion from Russia - analyst
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3715660-inozemni-investori-za-rik-viveli-z-rosii-36-milardiv-analitik.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
The Metropolitan Condition of Pavel continued for 30 days
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3715663-zapobiznij-zahid-mitropolitu-pavlu-prodovzili-na-30-dib.html
Pushilin's associate was declared suspected
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715664-poplicniku-pusilina-ogolosili-pidozru-v-derzzradi.html
In Britain, Ukrainian fighters learn to overcome obstacles during battle
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715665-u-britanii-ukrainski-bijci-vcatsa-dolati-smugi-pereskod-pid-cas-bou.html
In Kiev, police detained two men who filmed the air defense work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3715668-u-kievi-policia-zatrimala-dvoh-colovikiv-aki-znimali-robotu-ppo.html
Poland has imposed sanctions against 365 Belarusian officials because
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715669-polsa-zaprovadila-sankcii-proti-365-biloruskih-cinovnikiv-cerez-virok-zurnalistu-pocobutu.html
The Council set on May 8, a day of memory and victory over Nazism
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3715670-rada-vstanovila-8-travna-dnem-pamati-ta-peremogi-nad-nacizmom.html
The Congress of the European Congress of Ukrainians took place in Berlin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3715586-u-berlini-vidbuvsa-zizd-evropejskogo-kongresu-ukrainciv.html
Experts found out why water was green in the Central Channel of Venice
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715671-eksperti-zasuvali-comu-pozelenila-voda-u-centralnomu-kanali-venecii.html
Parliament allowed the NBU to nationalize the banks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3715675-parlament-dozvoliv-nbu-nacionalizuvati-banki-pidsankcijnih-vlasnikiv.html
Ukraine will apply sanctions against Iran for 50 years - the Council approved the NSDC decision
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715676-ukraina-zastosue-sankcii-proti-iranu-na-50-rokiv-rada-zatverdila-risenna-rnbo.html
"Movement" won the youth championship of Ukraine in football
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715677-ruh-vigrav-unackij-cempionat-ukraini-z-futbolu.html
Dmytro Kuleba visited the inauguration of President Nigeria
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715678-dmitro-kuleba-vidvidav-inavguraciu-prezidenta-nigerii.html
In Kherson region as a result of shelling, a man died in his own house
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715681-na-hersonsini-vnaslidok-obstrilu-colovik-zaginuv-u-vlasnomu-budinku.html
In Zhytomyr, after attack of drones, homes, boiler rooms, hospitals and educational establishments are damaged
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715684-u-zitomiri-pisla-ataki-droniv-poskodzeni-budinki-kotelni-likarni-ta-zakladi-osviti-mer.html
The last matches of the 29th UPL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715686-upl-zaversivsa-29ij-tur.html
Blow on amposts near Mariupol: Among the Russians there are 100 dead and more than 400 wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715689-udar-po-boeskladah-pid-mariupolem-sered-rosian-100-zagiblih-ta-ponad-400-poranenih.html
Russia in parallel with rocket launches conducts information and psychological attacks-painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715688-rosia-paralelno-z-raketnimi-provodit-informacijnopsihologicni-ataki-malar.html
The Council has approved the draft law on the support of drones production in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3715690-rada-uhvalila-zakonoproekti-pro-pidtrimku-virobnictva-droniv-v-ukraini.html
The Council supported investment insurance from military risks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3715691-rada-pidtrimala-strahuvanna-investicij-vid-voennih-rizikiv.html
In Ukraine, about 70% of damaged energy objects - Kudrytsky managed to restore work
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3715695-v-ukraini-vdalosa-vidnoviti-robotu-blizko-70-poskodzenih-energoobektiv-kudrickij.html
Missile attack: Zelensky showed how children under the sounds of explosions run into shelter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3715699-raketna-ataka-zelenskij-pokazav-ak-diti-pid-zvuki-vibuhiv-bizat-v-ukritta.html
Knyazev's detention: The Council condemns corruption in courts
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715700-zatrimanna-knazeva-rada-zrobila-zaavu-pro-borotbu-z-korupcieu-v-sudah.html
The Council calls on the Orthodoxy inter -parliamentary Assembly to exclude Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3715705-rada-zaklikae-mizparlamentsku-asambleu-pravoslava-vikluciti-rosiu.html
In Kyiv region, 1376 people have already been found after de -occupation.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715707-na-kiivsini-znajsli-tila-1376-osib.html
A concert of the Kiev guitarist ensemble was held in Donetsk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3715708-na-doneccini-vidbuvsa-koncert-ansamblu-gitaristiv-kiiv.html
Dzhokovich successfully started in the main grid "Rolan Harros"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715709-dzokovic-uspisno-startuvav-v-osnovnij-sitci-rolan-garros.html
Russia is throwing to the war of the security guards of state -owned enterprises - WSJ
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715710-rosia-kidae-na-vijnu-ohoronciv-derzpidpriemstv-wsj.html
In the Nikolaev area the court returned to the state of the ancient mound of the Bronze and Early Iron era
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715711-na-mikolaivsini-sud-povernuv-derzavi-starovinnij-kurgan-epohi-bronzi-ta-rannogo-zaliza.html
China reminded the Coulebe's statement to respond to the emergence of "proposals" in the media to give the Russian Federation part of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715712-kitaj-poslavsa-na-zaavu-kulebi-sob-vidpovisti-na-poavu-v-zmi-propozicij-viddati-rf-teritorii-ukraini.html
Turkish President Elections: Official results will be published on June 1
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715717-vibori-prezidenta-tureccini-oficijni-rezultati-opriludnat-1-cervna.html
Firestings of the capital: at night 9,000 people were hidden in the subway, 41 thousand in the afternoon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3715718-obstrili-stolici-vnoci-u-metro-ukrivalisa-9000-ludej-vden-41-tisaca.html
The Council plans to abolish a number of tax benefits from July
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3715719-rada-planue-z-lipna-skasuvati-nizku-podatkovih-pilg-kogo-torknetsa.html
Svitolina will play in the second round of the main grid "Rolan Harros"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715720-svitolina-zigrae-u-drugomu-raundi-osnovnoi-sitki-rolan-garros.html
Ukraine denounced the agreement with Belarus on pensions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715721-ukraina-denonsuvala-ugodu-z-bilorussu-pro-pensii.html
BP passed a law aimed at acquiring Ukraine's membership at the Bank of Development of the Council of Europe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3715723-vr-uhvalila-zakon-spramovanij-na-nabutta-ukrainou-clenstva-u-banku-rozvitku-radi-evropi.html
The police of the Kyiv region transferred the SBU to the disappearance of journalist Khiluk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3715724-policia-kiivsini-peredala-sbu-spravu-sodo-zniknenna-zurnalista-hiluka.html
The Cabinet of Ministers approved the UKRNAFTA Financial Plan for 2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3715727-kabmin-zatverdiv-finansovij-plan-ukrnafti-na-2023-rik.html
Parliament was dissolved in Greece and appointed an election date
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715725-u-grecii-rozpustili-parlament-ta-priznacila-datu-viboriv.html
Svitolina: Very, very happy because she played today
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715732-svitolina-duzeduze-sasliva-cerez-te-ak-grala-sogodni.html
In Odessa checked the beaches for compliance with environmental standards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715734-v-odesi-perevirili-plazi-na-vidpovidnist-ekologicnim-normam.html
Planet Labs showed satellite images of "Dragon Teeth" in Belarus on the border with Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715735-planet-labs-pokazav-suputnikovi-znimki-zubiv-drakona-u-bilorusi-na-kordoni-z-ukrainou.html
Tomorrow in Ukraine up to +27 °, in some areas - raining with thunderstorms
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715625-zavtra-v-ukraini-do-27-u-deakih-oblastah-dosi-z-grozami.html
In Kiev, tap water is safe and meets sanitary standards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3715739-u-kievi-vodoprovidna-voda-bezpecna-ta-vidpovidae-sanitarnim-normam.html
The General Staff specified - at night the air defense forces destroyed 36 rockets and 30 "Shahmed"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715742-u-genstabi-utocnili-unoci-sili-ppo-znisili-36-raket-ta-30-sahediv.html
Russia continues to export the stolen grain through Mariupol - an adviser to mayor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715531-rosia-prodovzit-vivoziti-kradene-zerno-cerez-mariupol-radnik-mera.html
Front and staffing new brigades: Zelensky conducted a rate meeting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715743-front-ta-komplektuvanna-novih-brigad-zelenskij-proviv-zasidanna-stavki.html
Ukrainian aircraft struck 15 beats on the enemy, the Armed Forces repelled 12 attacks under Marinka
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715744-ukrainska-aviacia-zavdala-po-vorogu-15-udariv-zsu-vidbili-pid-marinkou-12-atak.html
The political prisoners of the USSR will receive pensions for special services to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3715745-politvazni-casiv-srsr-otrimaut-pensii-za-osoblivi-zaslugi-pered-ukrainou.html
In the Kirovograd region fragments of whipped drone damaged the homes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715750-na-kirovogradsini-ulamki-zbitogo-drona-poskodili-budinki.html
The enemy has increased to four the number of rocket carriers in the Black Sea, the volley - 24 "calibers"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715747-vorog-zbilsiv-do-cotiroh-kilkist-raketonosiiv-u-cornomu-mori-zalp-24-kalibri.html
The matches of the final round of the Football Premier League of Ukraine will take place on June 4
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715751-matci-zaklucnogo-turu-futbolnoi-premerligi-ukraini-vidbudutsa-4-cervna.html
Shakhaneda's additional parties from Iran have already been delivered to launch points - Humeniuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715753-dodatkovi-partii-sahediv-z-iranu-vze-dostavili-do-punktiv-zapusku-gumenuk.html
From June 1, Poland will ban the movement across its border of trucks registered in Belarus and the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715754-z-1-cervna-polsa-zaboronit-ruh-cerez-svij-kordon-vantazivok-aki-zareestrovani-u-bilorusi-ta-rf.html
In Toretsk, the number of victims of the Russian Air Force increased
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715757-u-torecku-zrosla-kilkist-zertv-rosijskogo-aviaudaru.html
Determined the rival of Sachka in the first circle of ATP tournament in the scene
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715760-viznacivsa-supernik-sacko-u-persomu-koli-turniru-atp-u-vicenci.html
Zelensky turned to the Americans on memory day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715762-zelenskij-zvernuvsa-do-amerikanciv-u-den-pamati.html
In the north of Kosovo as a result of clashes two Serbs wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715764-na-pivnoci-kosova-vnaslidok-suticok-poraneni-dvoh-serbiv.html
Blinken goes to northern Europe - will talk about NATO Vilnius Summit and support Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715770-blinken-ide-v-pivnicnu-evropu-govoritime-pro-vilnuskij-samit-nato-ta-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
Ukraine needs a 120 -kilometer demilitarized zone in Russia - Podolyak
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715772-ukraini-potribna-120kilometrova-demilitarizovana-zona-na-teritorii-rosii-podolak.html
Dynamo and Shakhtar held the 2000s in the football premiere league
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715774-dinamo-ta-sahtar-proveli-2000i-goli-u-futbolnij-premerlizi.html
Instead of the "Wagner" in Bakhmut come Russian paratroopers - cherry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715779-zamist-vagnerivciv-u-bahmut-zahodat-rosijski-desantniki-cerevatij.html
Up to 11 years in prison sentenced Odessa who raised money for Russian invaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3715729-do-11-rokiv-uvaznenna-zasudili-odesitku-aka-zbirala-grosi-dla-rosijskih-zagarbnikiv.html
NATO noted the mutual benefit of the Alliance dialogue with Ukraine in technology and innovation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715781-u-nato-vidznacili-vzaemnu-korist-dialogu-alansu-z-ukrainou-u-tehnologiah-ta-innovaciah.html
В ОП припустили, чому Росія регулярно атакує ракетами та дронами українські міста
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715784-v-op-pripustili-comu-rosia-regularno-atakue-raketami-ta-dronami-ukrainski-mista.html
The RDC Legion stated that his fighters went to
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715786-legion-rdk-zaaviv-so-jogo-bijci-znovu-zahodili-do-rosii.html
After the explosions, Russian invaders intensified the construction of fortifications around Mariupol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715787-pisla-vibuhiv-rosijski-zagarbniki-aktivizuvali-budivnictvo-ukriplen-navkolo-mariupola.html
Russia conducted rocket launchers: the Armed Forces said how many "calibers" were now in the Black Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715790-rf-zdijsnila-rotaciu-raketonosiiv-v-zsu-skazali-skilki-kalibriv-zaraz-v-cornomu-mori.html
UPL called the best player and trainer of the 29th round
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715791-upl-nazvala-najkrasih-gravca-ta-trenera-29go-turu.html
Zelensky about rocket strokes of the Russian Federation: The world must see that terror loses
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715793-zelenskij-pro-raketni-udari-rf-svit-povinen-baciti-so-teror-prograe.html
Biden greeted Erdogan on the victory in the election
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715794-bajden-privitav-erdogana-z-peremogou-na-viborah.html
The President had a conversation with Erdogan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715796-prezident-proviv-rozmovu-z-erdoganom.html
The invaders are taken to Lugansk from kremlin documents
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3715626-zagarbniki-vivozat-u-lugansk-dokumenti-z-kreminnoi.html
Zelensky discussed with the Prime Minister of the Netherlands strengthening air defense and creation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715797-zelenskij-obgovoriv-z-premerom-niderlandiv-posilenna-ppo-i-stvorenna-aviakoalicii.html
In Turkey, a fishing boat was condemned by the Syrian regime
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715800-u-tureccini-zasudili-obstril-ribalskogo-covna-silami-sirijskogo-rezimu.html
No one else in the world uses weapons against evil more effectively than Ukrainians - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715804-nihto-insij-u-sviti-ne-zastosovue-zbrou-proti-zla-efektivnise-niz-ukrainci-zelenskij.html
Youth World Cup 2023 Football: Quarter Finalists will be determined by June 2
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3715801-molodiznij-cs2023-z-futbolu-cvertfinalisti-viznacatsa-30-travna.html
Rutte: Helping Ukraine to defend is not a choice, it should be done
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715806-rutte-dopomagati-ukraini-zahisatisa-ce-ne-vibir-ce-potribno-robiti.html
The court in Moldova left under the house of the Vice -head of the pro -Russian Party "Shore"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715736-sud-u-moldovi-zalisiv-pid-domasnim-arestom-vicegolovu-prorosijskoi-partii-sor.html
Clashes in Kosovo: NATO patrol representatives were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715811-suticki-v-kosovo-predstavniki-patrula-nato-otrimali-poranenna.html
The invaders again died in Sumy region: damaged composition of the agro -enterprise
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3715812-zagarbniki-znovu-gatili-po-sumsini-poskodzenij-sklad-agropidpriemstva.html
The Ministry of Reintegration reported where Ukrainians get free legal aid in Poland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/minreintegracziyi-povidomylo-de-ukrayinczyam-otrymaty-bezkoshtovnu-yurydychnu-dopomogu-u-polshhi/
The coordination headquarters told about actions that can adversely affect the prisoners of war exchange
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-rozpovily-pro-diyi-yaki-mozhut-negatyvno-vplyvaty-na-proczes-obminu-vijskovopolonenyh/
Help veterans adapt to civilian life
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/dopomogty-veteranam-adaptuvatysya-do-czyvilnogo-zhyttya/
The EU stated that after attacks on Kyiv and Dnipro, the leadership of the Russian Federation will be held accountable
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/u-yes-zayavyly-shho-pislya-atak-na-kyyiv-ta-dnipro-kerivnycztvo-rf-bude-prytyagnuto-do-vidpovidalnosti/
Rospropaganda widens fake, as if Ukraine is preparing an explosion on a nuclear object
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/rospropaganda-shyryt-fejk-nachebto-ukrayina-gotuye-vybuh-na-yadernomu-obyekti/
Residents of the frontline territories of Kherson region have access to Ukrainian radio and television
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/meshkanczi-pryfrontovyh-terytorij-hersonshhyny-mayut-dostup-do-ukrayinskogo-radio-i-telebachennya/
Information Security: Ukrainians reminded what it is worth remembering during rocket attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/informaczijna-bezpeka-ukrayinczyam-nagadaly-pro-shho-varto-pamyataty-pid-chas-raketnyh-obstriliv/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 15 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-15-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
In Belarus for combat training arrives military Russian
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/u-bilorus-dlya-bojovoyi-pidgotovky-prybuvayut-vijskovi-rf/
Front Situation: Ukrainian soldiers repelled 19 Russian attacks - the General Staff of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/sytuacziya-na-fronti-ukrayinski-voyiny-za-dobu-vidbyly-19-rosijskyh-atak-genshtab-zsu/
During the day, the enemy struck 97 aviation strike
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/za-dobu-vorog-zavdav-97-aviaczijnyh-udariv-zdijsnyv-39-obstriliv-z-rszv/
Defense forces eliminated more than 400 invaders in a day, destroyed 4 tanks and 11 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/syly-oborony-likviduvaly-za-dobu-ponad-400-okupantiv-znyshhyly-4-tanky-ta-11-bbm/
During the night attack in Ukraine, the defenders of the sky destroyed 67 enemy air purposes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/pid-chas-nichnoyi-ataky-zahysnyky-neba-znyshhyly-67-vorozhyh-povitryanyh-czilej-po-ukrayini/
The Russian leadership will be held accountable for attacks in Kiev and Dnipro - a spokeswoman for the EU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/kerivnycztvo-rf-prytyagnut-do-vidpovidalnosti-za-ataky-po-kyyevu-ta-dnipru-rechnyczya-yes/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Alexei Reznikov urged Australia to join the international "tank coalition"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/oleksij-reznikov-zaklykav-avstraliyu-doluchytysya-do-mizhnarodnoyi-tankovoyi-koalicziyi/
Romania begins multinational military training Saber Guardian-23
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/u-rumuniyi-rozpochynayutsya-bagatonaczionalni-vijskovi-navchannya-saber-guardian-23/
For combat duty, Russia brought two carriers of "caliber" - a total volley up to 16 missiles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/na-bojove-cherguvannya-rosiya-vyvela-dva-nosiya-kalibriv-zagalnyj-zalp-do-16-raket/
Ukrainian rescuers reported on departures for combat fires
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/ukrayinski-ryatuvalnyky-vidzvituvaly-pro-vyyizdy-na-bojovi-pozhezhi-3/
Yaroslav Maguchikh's army won the Diamond League stage with a new season's record
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/armijka-yaroslava-maguchih-peremogla-na-etapi-diamantovoyi-ligy-z-novym-rekordom-sezonu/
In the morning, Russian troops fired at Sumy region: almost 30 parishes were recorded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/zranku-rosijski-vijska-obstrilyuvaly-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-zafiksovano-majzhe-30-pryhodiv/
The Ministry of Defense has started developing amendments to the Regulations on the Citizens of Ukraine of Military Service in the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/minoborony-rozpochalo-rozrobku-zmin-do-polozhennya-pro-prohodzhennya-gromadyanamy-ukrayiny-vijskovoyi-sluzhby-u-zsu/
Court organizer over Ukrainian sailors who were captured in the Kerch Strait, threatens 15 years in prison
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/organizatoru-sudu-nad-ukrayinskymy-moryakamy-yaki-potrapyly-v-polon-u-kerchenskij-protoczi-zagrozhuye-15-rokiv-tyurmy/
Ukrainian troops in the Liman direction are kept by busy borders - Alexander Sirsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/ukrayinski-vijska-na-lymanskomu-napryamku-stijko-utrymuyut-zajnyati-rubezhi-oleksandr-syrskyj/
During the day of the Pyrotechnics of the SESS neutralized almost 100 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-majzhe-100-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
On May 30, there will be a briefing on the condition and prospects of mine reservoirs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/30-travnya-vidbudetsya-bryfing-shhodo-stanu-ta-perspektyv-rozminuvannya-ukrayinskyh-vodojm/
Anna Malyar: Wagnerivtsi began to derive units from Bakhmut, a regular army comes into their place
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/ganna-malyar-vagnerivczi-pochaly-vyvodyty-pidrozdily-z-bahmuta-na-yihnye-miscze-zahodyt-regulyarna-armiya/
У Запоріжжі затримано агента фсб, який «наводив» російські ракети на Україну
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/u-zaporizhzhi-zatrymano-agenta-fsb-yakyj-navodyv-rosijski-rakety-na-ukrayinu/
NATO and NATO started a new stage of cooperation on the development of military innovation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/minczyfry-ta-nato-rozpochaly-novyj-etap-spivpraczi-shhodo-rozvytku-voyennyh-innovaczij/
136 of the settlements of Ukraine fired the army of the Russian Federation per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/136-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-obstrilyala-armiya-rf-za-dobu/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 90 thousand military crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-90-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
Ukrainian veterans overcame a 20-kilometer marathon in Brussels
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/ukrayinski-veterany-zdolaly-20-kilometrovyj-marafon-u-bryusseli/
Germany will ensure the safety of NATO summit by placing the Patriot system in Lithuania
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/nimechchyna-zabezpechyt-bezpeku-samitu-nato-rozmistyvshy-systemu-patriot-u-lytvi/
There are 6 enemy ships - the Navy of the Armed Forces in the Black Sea on combat duty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/dva-nosiyi-raket-kalibr-trymaye-rosiya-u-chornomu-mori-zagalnyj-zalp-do-16-raket-vms-zsu/
The enemy attacked Ukraine today, probably "Iskander" - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/vorog-atakuvav-sogodni-ukrayinu-jmovirno-iskanderamy-yurij-ignat/
The Ministry of Defense on the Day of Memory of the US veterans thanked the American people for the extraordinary support of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/minoborony-u-den-pamyati-veteraniv-ssha-podyakuvalo-amerykanskomu-narodu-za-nadzvychajnu-pidtrymku-ukrayiny/
Special Forces of GRO MO "Artan" ready for battle
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/speczpidrozdil-gur-mo-artan-gotovyj-do-boyu/
The Convention will strengthen the cooperation of states in investigating the crime of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/konvencziya-posylyt-spivrobitnycztvo-derzhav-u-rozsliduvanni-zlochynu-genoczydu-zlochyniv-proty-lyudyanosti-ta-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
Air Force destroyed 11 "Iskanders" that attacked the Kyiv region today
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/syly-ppo-znyshhyly-11-iskanderiv-yakymy-atakuvaly-kyyivshhynu/
11 years will spend behind the bars of the Odessa who raised money for the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/11-rokiv-tyurmy-otrymala-odesytka-yaka-organizuvala-zbir-groshej-dlya-okupantiv/
In Poland there is a combat medical training of Ukrainian military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/u-polshhi-vidbuvayetsya-bojova-medychna-pidgotovka-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/
During a conversation with HUN Saint, the head of state noted the preparation in Cambodia of Ukrainian demining specialists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/glava-derzhavy-u-rozmovi-z-hun-senom-vidznachyv-pidgotovku-u-kambodzhi-ukrayinskyh-speczialistiv-iz-rozminuvannya/
This will strengthen the combat capabilities of the Armed Forces: the President thanked Denmark for increasing the funding of the Ukrainian Fund
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/cze-posylyt-bojovi-mozhlyvosti-zsu-prezydent-podyakuvav-daniyi-za-zbilshennya-finansuvannya-ukrayinskogo-fondu/
Ministry of Defense refines the methods and approaches to the organization of internal audit according to the challenges of wartime
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/minoborony-vdoskonalyuye-metody-i-pidhody-do-organizacziyi-vnutrishnogo-audytu-vidpovidno-do-vyklykiv-voyennogo-chasu/
Gur reacted to rocket attacks: our answer will not be delayed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/gur-vidreaguvalo-na-raketni-ataky-chergova-sproba-terorystychnyh-dij-rf-vkotre-zaznala-porazky/
More than half a million hryvnias have been charged to the State Budget of Ukraine for the benefit of the MOU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/na-koryst-mou-do-derzhbyudzhetu-ukrayiny-styagnuto-ponad-piv-miljona-gryven/
The Ukrainian delegation in the status of CCDCOE member first participated in the meeting of the Center's executive committee
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/ukrayinska-delegacziya-u-statusi-chlena-ccdcoe-vpershe-vzyala-uchast-u-zasidanni-kerivnogo-komitetu-czentru/
Anna Malyar: Russia, in addition to ordinary, also leads a psychological war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/ganna-malyar-rosiya-okrim-zvychajnoyi-takozh-vede-i-psyhologichnu-vijnu/
The New Zealand military conducted comprehensive training with the Armed Forces recruits as part of the Interflex Operation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/novozelandski-vijskovi-provely-kompleksni-navchannya-z-novobranczyamy-zsu-v-ramkah-operacziyi-interfleks/
Victory in the war with Russia and Ukraine's membership in the EU and NATO is a recipe for stable peace in Europe
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/peremoga-u-vijni-z-rosiyeyu-ta-chlenstvo-ukrayiny-v-yes-i-nato-os-reczept-stabilnogo-myru-v-yevropi/
Parliament defined May 8, the Day of Remembrance and Victory over Nazism in the Second World War 1939 - 1945
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/parlament-vyznachyv-8-travnya-dnem-pamyati-ta-peremogy-nad-naczyzmom-u-drugij-svitovij-vijni-1939-1945-rokiv/
Two girlfriends from Kramatorsk will be judged for the state council and work on the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/dvoh-podrug-z-kramatorska-sudytymut-za-derzhzradu-ta-robotu-na-voroga/
Components for the production of unmanned systems at the duration of martial law are released from import duties
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/skladovi-dlya-vyrobnycztva-bezpilotnyh-system-na-chas-diyi-voyennogo-stanu-zvilnyayutsya-vid-vviznogo-myta/
Russian invaders continue to rob the civilian population
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/rosijski-okupanty-prodovzhuyut-grabuvaty-myrne-naselennya/
Zaluzhny, Syrsky and Tarnavsky reported the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces about the situation at the front
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/zaluzhnyj-syrskyj-i-tarnavskyj-dopovily-verhovnomu-golovnokomanduvachu-zsu-pro-sytuacziyu-na-fronti/
Aviation of Defense Forces has inflicted 15 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/aviacziya-syl-oborony-zavdala-15-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
Ukrainian defenders repelled 12 enemy attacks in the Marinka area
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-vidbyly-12-vorozhyh-atak-v-rajoni-maryinky/
Presidential Appeal to the American people on the occasion of Remembrance Day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/zvernennya-prezydenta-ukrayiny-do-amerykanskogo-narodu-z-nagody-dnya-pamyati/
The Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine adopted as a basis the bill on the peculiarities of taxation during the period of martial law
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/verhovna-rada-ukrayiny-pryjnyala-za-osnovu-zakonoproekt-shhodo-osoblyvostej-opodatkuvannya-u-period-diyi-voyennogo-stanu/
Thank you to Denmark for adamant support - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/dyakuyemo-narodu-daniyi-za-nepohytnu-pidtrymku-oleksij-reznikov/
The occupier of the Russian Federation told about the difficult situation in positions - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/okupant-rf-rozpoviv-pro-vazhku-sytuacziyu-na-pozycziyah/
The unity and solidarity of the international community are the key to restoring justice and peace - Andriy Kostin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/yednist-i-solidarnist-mizhnarodnoyi-spilnoty-ye-klyuchamy-do-vidnovlennya-spravedlyvosti-ta-myru-andrij-kostin/
Our successes, pressure and "petriots" we will respond to Russia to all manifestations of its evil - President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/nashymy-uspihamy-tyskom-ta-petriotamy-my-vidpovidatymemo-rosiyi-na-vsi-proyavy-yiyi-zla-prezydent/
The Verkhovna Rada has set a pension allowance to fighters for independence of Ukraine who have been repressed by the communist regime
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/verhovna-rada-ukrayiny-vstanovyla-nadbavku-do-pensiyi-borczyam-za-nezalezhnist-ukrayiny-u-hh-stolitti-yaki-za-chasiv-komunistychnogo-totalitarnogo-rezhymu-zaznaly-represij/
The President discussed the issue of strengthening Ukrainian air defense with the Prime Minister of the Netherlands
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/prezydent-ukrayiny-obgovoryv-z-premyerom-niderlandiv-posylennya-ppo/
Having carried out rocket rocket launchers in the Black Sea, the enemy continues to keep the caliber ready.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/zdijsnivshy-rotacziyu-raketonosiyiv-v-chornomu-mori-vorog-prodovzhuye-trymaty-napogotovi-kalibry/
How to help veterans adapt to civilian life
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/dopomogty-veteranam-adaptuvatysya-do-czyvilnogo-zhyttya-iryna-vereshhuk/
Short. War. Day 460. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/29/korotko-vijna-den-460-videodajdzhest/
In Canada, a forest fire is gathering, thousands of people evacuate
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3715756-u-kanadi-nabirae-sili-lisova-pozeza-evakuuut-tisaci-ludej.html
In Moldova, Zelensky's possible participation in the European Political Community Summit is not commented on
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715816-u-moldovi-ne-komentuut-mozlivu-ucast-zelenskogo-u-samiti-evropejskoi-politicnoi-spilnoti.html
Borrel Pryrick another attempt to "win war"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3715818-borrel-peredrik-se-odnu-sprobu-rosii-vigrati-vijnu.html
The Council has been introduced by a law on returning supplements to the military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3715817-do-radi-vnesli-zakonoproekt-sodo-povernenna-doplat-vijskovim.html
We have the best work in the world - we protect our land
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/30/my-vmotyvovani-i-pidgotovleni-u-nas-najkrashha-robota-v-sviti-my-zahyshhayemo-nashu-zemlyu/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====