乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-07-01

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Kyslivka and Berestove of Kharkiv region. Russian ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5228
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Verkhnokamy...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5229
Aus Bakhmut Direction Russian Army Sheled Vasyukivka, Chromovo, Chal.
https://t.me/lumsrc/5230
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Steppe, Avdiivka Andivka Andivka Donetsk Region, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5231
JSC Marinka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Neoelsk, Alexandropil, Krasnogorivka, Marinka, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5232
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Novomikhailivka, Wondering, Village, Golden ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5233
11 explosions were reported at Berdyansk airport, there are secondary explosions. Firefighting...
https://t.me/channel24_ua/94740
Drone was intercepted with anti-drone rifle near Gornal village of Kursk region
https://t.me/bazabazon/19100
The Russians send fake letters on vacations of servicemen
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/30/rosiyany-rozsylayut-fejkovi-lysty-pro-vidpustky-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
Zelensky: Every fired meter costs people's lives so a counter -offensive is not so fast
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730168-zelenskij-kozen-zvilnenij-metr-kostue-zitta-ludej-tomu-kontrnastup-jde-ne-tak-svidko.html
The Ichkeria government is working on the possibility of creating a special journey against Kadyrov and Akhmata
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730123-urad-ickerii-opracovue-mozlivist-stvorenna-spectribunalu-sodo-kadirova-j-ahmata.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Torske, Dibrova, Ve...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5238
The Ministry of Energy considers the National Commission to View Tariffs for Water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730303-minenergo-vvazae-neobgruntovanim-risenna-nackomisii-pro-pereglad-tarifiv-na-vodu.html
The Russians fired Nikopol from the barrel artillery - there is a destruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730302-rosiani-obstrilali-nikopol-zi-stvolnoi-artilerii-e-rujnuvanna.html
Zelensky signed a law to prevent abuse in wholesale energy markets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730298-zelenskij-pidpisav-zakon-pro-zapobiganna-zlovzivannam-na-optovih-energeticnih-rinkah.html
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasyukivka, Bogdanivka, Markovo, Ivanivske, Alexe ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5239
In three directions of the front per day - more than 30 combat clashes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730297-na-troh-napramkah-frontu-za-dobu-ponad-30-bojovih-zitknen.html
The draft law on the use of English will be revised - MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730296-zakonoproekt-sodo-zastosuvanna-anglijskoi-bude-doopracovanij-deputatka.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Berdyshi, Lastochkine, Steppe, Thin, First ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5240
Georgia's refusal in the status of a candidate for EU members was not a mistake, but a warning - Zurabishvili
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730293-vidmova-gruzii-u-statusi-kandidata-v-cleni-es-bula-ne-pomilkou-a-poperedzennam-zurabisvili.html
Kickboxer Melnyk won bronze European games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730291-kikbokser-melnik-vigrav-bronzu-evropejskih-igor.html
Russian artillery shelled Marhanets community overnight
https://t.me/dnepr_operativ/45438
Spanish PM Sanchez has arrived in Kyiv to meet President of Ukraine Zelensky
https://twitter.com/sanchezcastejon/status/1675031517335003136
Chinese military delegation discussed in Britain and France the development of defense cooper...
https://twitter.com/arabnews/status/1675053517214474241
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Krasni Lozy, Hremyach, Bo...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5236
Russian forces conducting offensive actions in Donetsk and Luhansk regions. Ukrainian militar...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5244
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Novodarivka, Levadne, Huliaipole,...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5243
JSC Shakhtar Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novomikhailivka, Katerynivka, Elizabeth, because ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5242
JSC Marinka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, Marinka, St. George And Victory O ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5241
Drone Has Dropped 2 Vog-17 Grenets at Chernozemnya Gorodok of OF Bryansk Region
https://t.me/zhest_belgorod/29213
The Wagner's rebellion testifies to the harm that Putin was caused by Russia - CIA Director
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730308-zakolot-vagnerivciv-svidcit-pro-skodu-so-ii-zavdav-putin-rosii-vijnou-v-ukraini-glava-cru.html
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Putnykove, Fyholivka, Dvorichna, Masutivka, Kupyan...
https://t.me/lumsrc/5237
On Sunday, Ukraine is forecast rains and thunderstorms, in the afternoon to +30 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730180-u-nedilu-ukraini-prognozuut-dosi-i-grozi-vden-do-30.html
Six drug dealers were detained in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3730119-u-kievi-zatrimali-sistoh-narkodileriv.html
While Crownavirus became routine we lost 300,000 people - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730122-poki-koronavirus-stav-rutinnim-mi-vtratili-300-tisac-ludej-ekspert.html
From the Norwegian hip-hop to Jewish folklore, or which winds carry a tune around the world
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3730124-vid-norvezkogo-hiphopu-do-evrejskogo-folkloru-abo-aki-vitri-roznosat-po-svitu-melodii.html
President: All who help the aggressor will receive a response to Ukraine and the world
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730327-prezident-usi-hto-dopomagatime-agresoru-otrimaut-vidpovid-ukraini-ta-svitu.html
Spacex Dragon's shipment ship returned to the ground with the ISS
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3730130-vantaznij-korabel-spacex-dragon-povernuvsa-na-zemlu-z-mks.html
Next half a year will be decisive for starting on EU -Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730131-nastupni-piv-roku-stanut-viznacalnimi-sodo-pocatku-peregovoriv-dla-vstupu-v-es-zelenskij.html
Kovalovsky "Kolos" in the off -season was reinforced by four football players
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730133-kovalivskij-kolos-u-mizsezonna-pidsilili-cetvero-futbolistiv.html
Zelensky: Zaporizhzhya Nuclear Station is replaced and this is a fact
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730135-zelenskij-zaporizka-atomna-stancia-zaminovana-i-ce-fakt.html
Dnipro-1 Forward DOVBIK became the best football player of the UPL season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730136-forvard-dnipra1-dovbik-stav-najkrasim-futbolistom-sezonu-upl.html
The President introduced the NSDC decision on sanctions against 190 individuals and 291 legal entities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730142-zelenskij-uviv-u-diu-risenna-rnbo-pro-sankcii-proti-190-fizicnih-ta-291-uridicnoi-osobi.html
The explosions that hear in Nikolaev are heard outside the city - the mayor
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730138-vibuhi-aki-cuut-u-mikolaevi-lunaut-poza-mistom-mer.html
In Kherson because of hostile shelling, two kids wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730140-u-hersoni-cerez-vorozij-obstril-poraneni-dvoe-ditej.html
Hockey player of Ukraine Grebenik will continue a club career in Finland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730139-hokeist-zbirnoi-ukraini-grebenik-prodovzit-klubnu-kareru-u-finlandii.html
In Poltava region Citroën entered the bumper - the teenager was killed, the driver was injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730145-na-poltavsini-citroen-vihav-u-vidbijnik-zaginuv-pidlitok-vodij-travmovanij.html
From Kryvyi Rih "Kryvbas" went goalkeeper, defender and hawbek
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730147-z-krivorizkogo-krivbasa-pisli-vorotar-zahisnik-i-havbek.html
Wounded fighters do not need to be returned to part of vacation - an explanation of MOU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730150-poranenim-bijcam-ne-potribno-povertatisa-u-castinu-dla-oformlenna-vidpustki-rozasnenna-mou.html
In Kenya, the number of victims of an accident with a truck increased to 51
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730331-dtp-z-vantazivkou-v-kenii-kilkist-zertv-zrosla-do-51.html
Spain's prime minister has spoke in the Verkhovna Rada
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730155-premer-ispanii-vistupiv-u-verhovnij-radi.html
Budanov told how the snake was released
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730156-budanov-rozpoviv-ak-zvilnali-zmiinij.html
Delegations from 50 Ukrainian museums will discuss in Warsaw the preservation of cultural values during the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3730157-delegacii-z-50-ukrainskih-muzeiv-obgovorat-u-varsavi-zberezenna-kulturnih-cinnostej-pid-cas-vijni.html
The Czech Republic accepted chairmanship in the Visegrad Group
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730159-cehia-prijnala-golovuvanna-u-visegradskij-grupi.html
The loss of Russians in war is at times greater than the defense forces - the President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730160-vtrati-rosian-na-vijni-u-razi-bilsi-niz-u-sil-oboroni-prezident.html
"Me wants to kill only Russia and Putin is the whole world": Zelensky says he used to constant danger
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730162-mene-hoce-vbiti-lise-rosia-a-putina-ves-svit-zelenskij-kaze-so-zvik-do-postijnoi-nebezpeki.html
Explosion reported in Melitopol
https://t.me/lachentyt/31281
In Ukraine, because of bad weather, more than 20 settlements are de -energized
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730164-v-ukraini-cerez-negodu-znestrumleni-ponad-20-naselenih-punktiv.html
The number of victims of Kherson's shelling increased to three
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730167-kilkist-postrazdalih-unaslidok-obstrilu-hersona-zrosla-do-troh.html
Lyudmila Luzan and Kirill Bogukh are the best athletes of June in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730169-ludmila-luzan-i-kirill-boluh-najkrasi-sportsmeni-cervna-v-ukraini.html
Alexei court will be elected a measure of deputy Alekseev on Monday
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730173-zapobiznij-zahid-deputatu-alekseevu-sud-obiratime-u-ponedilok.html
Ukrainian Khizhnyak won the gold of European games in Krakow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730332-ukrainec-hiznak-zdobuv-zoloto-evropejskih-igor-u-krakovi.html
Zelensky: The losses of "Wagner" in eastern Ukraine - about 100 thousand killed and wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730175-zelenskij-vtrati-vagnerivciv-na-shodi-ukraini-blizko-100-tisac-ubitimi-i-poranenimi.html
The number of detainees on protests in France exceeded 1.3 thousand
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730178-kilkist-zatrimanih-na-protestah-u-francii-perevisila-13-tisaci.html
Obolon in sparring won the players of Dinaza
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730179-obolon-u-sparingu-peremogla-futbolistiv-dinaza.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
Ukraine's membership in NATO would put Putin in place - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730183-clenstvo-ukraini-v-nato-postavilo-b-putina-na-misce-zelenskij.html
At the Summer Session of the OSCE Parliamentary Assembly, they approved the creation of a special committee on Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730184-na-litnij-sesii-parlamentskoi-asamblei-obse-uhvalili-stvorenna-speckomitetetu-z-pitan-ukraini.html
Spain gives Ukraine € 55 million to finance businesses and schools of schools
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730185-ispania-vidilit-ukraini-55-miljoniv-na-finansuvanna-pidpriemstv-i-energosistemi-dla-skil.html
In Ukraine, veterans of the Russo-Georgian War Malhaz Kvizhinadze and Johnny Odishvili were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730189-v-ukraini-zaginuli-veterani-rosijskogruzinskoi-vijni-malhaz-kvizinadze-i-dzoni-odisvili.html
Zelensky believes that we need to take advantage
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730190-zelenskij-vvazae-so-treba-skoristatisa-slabkistu-rosii-pisla-zakolotu.html
For the Odessa FC "Chernomorets" will play the goalkeeper Shevchenko and Bilyk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730191-za-odeskij-fk-cornomorec-gratimut-golkiperi-sevcenko-ta-bilik.html
Spain supports Ukraine's political participation in NATO - Sanchez
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730201-ispania-pidtrimue-posilenna-politicnoi-ucasti-ukraini-v-nato-sances.html
Croatian prosecutors shared with Ukrainian experience of investigating war crimes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730195-horvatski-prokurori-podililisa-z-ukrainskimi-dosvidom-rozsliduvanna-voennih-zlociniv.html
Increasing the security of strategic objects in the north of Ukraine is a key issue - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730335-posilenna-bezpeki-strategicnih-obektiv-na-pivnoci-ukraini-e-klucovim-pitannam-prezident.html
Zelensky met with Prime Minister of Spain
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730196-zelenskij-zustrivsa-z-premerom-ispanii.html
Twitter closes access to users without account
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3730197-tvitter-zakrivae-dostup-do-kontentu-koristuvacam-bez-oblikovogo-zapisu.html
Rating Fide: Maria Muzychuk closes the top 10 best chess players in the world
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730198-rejting-fide-maria-muzicuk-zamikae-top10-najkrasih-sahistok-svitu.html
There are no graphics of Ukrainian training on F-16, some of the partners are delaying-Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730200-grafika-navcanna-ukrainciv-na-f16-nemae-dehto-z-partneriv-zvolikae-zelenskij.html
Spain will provide Ukraine with additional four LEOPARD tanks and armored personnel carriers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730202-ispania-nadast-ukraini-dodatkovo-cotiri-tanki-leopard-i-bronetransporteri.html
The SSSU Chairman checked the defense at the border with Russia in Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730207-golova-dpsu-pereviriv-oboronu-na-kordoni-z-rosieu-u-harkivskij-oblasti.html
In the US detained the suspect in murder that was hiding almost 40 years
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730208-u-ssa-zatrimali-pidozruvanogo-u-vbivstvi-akij-perehovuvavsa-majze-40-rokiv.html
Kherson region will receive 430 generators purchased by Japan expense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730209-hersonsina-otrimae-430-generatoriv-pridbanih-kostom-aponii.html
NASA Helicopter has reinstated the Persevertance rover after a two -month silence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3730211-gelikopter-nasa-vidnoviv-zvazok-iz-marsohodom-perseverance-pisla-dvomisacnoi-tisi.html
From June 26, no new vessel was allowed to join the Grain Agreement - the UN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730214-vid-26-cervna-zodnomu-novomu-sudnu-ne-dozvolili-priednatisa-do-zernovoi-ugodi-oon.html
Zelensky: Russians can carry out a terrorist attack on the ZPP to stop the counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730219-zelenskij-rosiani-mozut-zdijsniti-terakt-na-zaes-abi-zupiniti-kontrnastup.html
Sport-2023. The calendar of the main events of July
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730218-sport2023-kalendar-golovnih-podij-lipna.html
The National Bank enhances cash control through terminals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730221-nacbank-posilue-kontrol-za-vnesenna-gotivki-cerez-terminali.html
Diplomatic format will only be possible after entering the borders of 1991 - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730222-diplomaticnij-format-bude-mozlivij-lise-pisla-vihodu-na-kordoni-1991-roku-zelenskij.html
The EU has been sentenced to burning the Koran in Sweden
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730223-u-es-zasudili-akciu-zi-spalennam-koranu-u-svecii.html
In the Tavriysk direction of defense force have success and advancement forward
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730224-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-sili-oboroni-maut-uspihi-ta-prosuvanna-vpered.html
Joint Declaration: Spain supports the creation of the Council of Ukraine - NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730226-spilna-deklaracia-ispania-pidtrimue-stvorenna-radi-ukraina-nato.html
V.O. Director of the Department of Resource Support Rigovanov was removed - Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730225-vo-direktora-departamentu-resursnogo-zabezpecenna-rigovanova-vidstoronili-minoboroni.html
The Russians fired from Tornado Balaklia, wounded woman
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730227-rosiani-obstrilali-iz-tornado-balakliu-e-poranenij.html
Zelensky - about Sanchez's visit: European affairs without Ukraine are not already considered
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730336-zelenskij-pro-vizit-sancesa-evropejski-spravi-bez-ukraini-vze-ne-rozgladautsa.html
Zelensky calls the EU to start work on 12 package of sanctions against
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730236-zelenskij-zaklikae-es-pocati-robotu-nad-12-paketom-sankcij-proti-rosii.html
In the Museum of Salzburg appeared podcasts in Ukrainian - Zelenskaya
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3730232-u-muzei-zalcburga-zavilisa-podkasti-ukrainskou-zelenska.html
Macron through protests in France moved a visit to Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730234-makron-cerez-protesti-u-francii-perenis-vizit-do-nimeccini.html
Tkachenko announced a public discussion of films show in English in cinemas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3730235-pitanna-pokaziv-filmiv-anglijskou-u-kinoteatrah-obgovoruvatimetsa-z-gromadskistu-tkacenko.html
New units of the invaders - Fedorov arrive at Melitopol and Genichesk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730239-do-melitopola-ta-geniceska-pribuvaut-novi-pidrozdili-zagarbnikiv-fedorov.html
Regular sanctions against Russia and new assistance to Ukraine is Putin's signal about EU unity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730241-cergovi-sankcii-proti-rosii-i-nova-dopomoga-ukraini-e-signalom-putinu-pro-ednist-es-sances.html
UkrPoshta has increased the tariffs for departure since July 1
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730243-ukrposta-z-1-lipna-zbilsila-tarifi-na-vidpravlenna.html
Beh-Romanchuk, Protsenko and Krol will present Ukraine at the Swedish stage of the Diamond League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730244-behromancuk-procenko-ta-krol-predstavlat-ukrainu-na-svedskomu-etapi-diamantovoi-ligi.html
There was a global failure in Twitter, which was also felt by Ukrainian users
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3730247-u-tvitteri-stavsa-globalnij-zbij-akij-vidculi-j-ukrainski-koristuvaci.html
Zelensky discussed with the Prime Minister of Spain integration into the EU and NATO and the formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730248-zelenskij-obgovoriv-iz-premerom-ispanii-integraciu-v-es-i-nato-ta-formulu-miru.html
At the Kiev reservoir, the military trained to reflect the attack of saboteurs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730253-na-kiivskomu-vodoshovisi-vijskovi-trenuvalisa-vidbivati-ataku-diversantiv.html
Shakhtar released head coach
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730254-sahtar-zvilniv-golovnogo-trenera.html
The movement of "Wagner" to Belarus is not currently fixed - Naev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730256-peremisenna-vagnerivciv-u-bilorus-narazi-ne-zafiksovane-naev.html
Biden will discuss with Sweden Prime Minister support Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730260-bajden-obgovorit-z-premerom-svecii-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
Ukrainian basketball players beat the Swedes on Euro 2023 (U18)
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730261-ukrainski-basketbolistki-obigrali-svedok-na-evro2023-u18.html
The enemy made rocket launchers in the Black Sea - OK "South"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730338-vorog-zdijsniv-rotaciu-raketonosiiv-u-cornomu-mori-ok-pivden.html
The UOC MP declare that they were ordered to release the Kiev-Pechersk Lavra by July 4
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730263-v-upc-mp-zaavlaut-so-im-nakazali-zvilniti-kievopecersku-lavru-do-4-lipna.html
In Kiev, a mural dedicated to rescuers was opened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3730265-u-kievi-vidkrili-mural-prisvacenij-ratuvalnikam.html
In May, Ukraine increased IT services by 9.5% to $ 590 million
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3730266-u-travni-ukraina-zbilsila-eksport-itposlug-na-95-do-590-miljoniv.html
Russians carry out punitive surgery in Kherson region - guerrillas
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730267-rosiani-provodat-karalnu-operaciu-na-hersonsini-partizani.html
The invaders fired two front -line communities in Zaporozhye, were dead and wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730268-zagarbniki-obstrilali-dvi-prifrontovi-gromadi-na-zaporizzi-e-zagiblij-ta-poraneni.html
Ukraine was handed special equipment to eliminate pollution in the ports of ports
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730270-ukraini-peredali-specobladnanna-dla-likvidacii-zabrudnen-v-akvatoriah-portiv.html
E-cabinet registration for most entrants has begun from nowadays
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730272-vidsogodni-rozpocalasa-reestracia-ekabinetiv-dla-bilsosti-vstupnikiv.html
President signed laws on simplified conditions for repayment of loans for citizens who were affected by war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730279-prezident-pidpisav-zakoni-sodo-sprosenih-umov-pogasenna-kreditiv-dla-gromadan-akih-zacepila-vijna.html
The Chief of Staff discussed with Lithuanian colleague military cooperation and training of soldiers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730273-nacalnik-genstabu-obgovoriv-iz-litovskim-kolegou-vijskovu-spivpracu-ta-pidgotovku-bijciv.html
The exhibition "Portraits of Mariupol" opened in Ternopil
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730276-u-ternopoli-vidkrilasa-vistavka-portreti-mariupola.html
Shmigal has instructed to start consultations with the National Commission for Viewing Tariffs for Water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730278-smigal-doruciv-rozpocati-konsultacii-z-nackomisieu-pro-pereglad-tarifiv-na-vodu.html
Zelensky signed the European Integration Law on Reform in Advertising Market
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730280-zelenskij-pidpisav-evrointegracijnij-zakon-pro-reformu-na-rinku-reklami.html
SpaceX launched euclid probe for dark matter in the universe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3730283-spacex-zapustila-zond-euclid-dla-doslidzenna-temnoi-materii-u-vsesviti.html
Rotan: The wise may play against France
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730285-rotan-mudrik-mozlivo-zigrae-proti-francii.html
Water tariffs: Zelensky called the National Commission's decision shameful and unprofessional
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730342-pidvisenna-tarifiv-na-vodu-zelenskij-nazvav-risenna-nackomisii-ganebnim-i-neprofesijnim.html
Tasheva called for the Crimean Platform Interfractional Association in the Austria Parliament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3730288-taseva-zaklikala-stvoriti-v-parlamenti-avstrii-mizfrakcijne-obednanna-krimska-platforma.html
The President has signed a law that delayed the transition to Ukrainian schools with the teaching of the country of EU country
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730290-prezident-pidpisav-zakon-so-vidterminovue-perehid-skil-iz-vikladannam-movou-kraini-es-na-ukrainsku.html
Kickboxer Melnyk won bronze European games
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730291-kikbokser-melnik-vigrav-bronzu-evropejskih-igor.html
Georgia's refusal in the status of a candidate for EU members was not a mistake, but a warning - Zurabishvili
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730293-vidmova-gruzii-u-statusi-kandidata-v-cleni-es-bula-ne-pomilkou-a-poperedzennam-zurabisvili.html
The draft law on the use of English will be revised - MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730296-zakonoproekt-sodo-zastosuvanna-anglijskoi-bude-doopracovanij-deputatka.html
In three directions of the front per day - more than 30 combat clashes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730297-na-troh-napramkah-frontu-za-dobu-ponad-30-bojovih-zitknen.html
Zelensky signed a law to prevent abuse in wholesale energy markets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730298-zelenskij-pidpisav-zakon-pro-zapobiganna-zlovzivannam-na-optovih-energeticnih-rinkah.html
The Russians fired Nikopol from the barrel artillery - there is a destruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730302-rosiani-obstrilali-nikopol-zi-stvolnoi-artilerii-e-rujnuvanna.html
The Ministry of Energy considers the National Commission to View Tariffs for Water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730303-minenergo-vvazae-neobgruntovanim-risenna-nackomisii-pro-pereglad-tarifiv-na-vodu.html
Spaniard Fabregas has announced the completion of a professional football career
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730307-ispanec-fabregas-ogolosiv-pro-zaversenna-profesijnoi-futbolnoi-kareri.html
The Wagner's rebellion testifies to the harm that Putin was caused by Russia - CIA Director
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730308-zakolot-vagnerivciv-svidcit-pro-skodu-so-ii-zavdav-putin-rosii-vijnou-v-ukraini-glava-cru.html
Spaniard Fabregas has announced the completion of a professional football career
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730307-ispanec-fabregas-ogolosiv-pro-zaversenna-profesijnoi-futbolnoi-kareri.html
The reception of applications for participation in the project "Assistant Veterans" started
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730343-startuvav-prijom-zaav-na-ucast-u-proekti-pomicnik-veterana.html
In the USA, the first fully autonomous railway system was launched
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730313-u-ssa-zapracuvala-persa-povnistu-avtonomna-zaliznicna-sistema.html
The Vice President of the Assembly of European Regions for the first time chose a Ukrainian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730311-viceprezidentom-asamblei-evropejskih-regioniv-vperse-obrali-ukrainca.html
The President has held a meeting of rates at Rivne NPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730318-prezident-proviv-zasidanna-stavki-na-rivnenskij-aes.html
In Nikopol, the Russians hit the administrative building, the church and the dining room
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730315-v-nikopoli-rosiani-vlucili-v-cerkvu-ta-idalnu-e-rujnuvanna.html
More western experience should be involved to rebuild Ukrainian cities - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3730319-potribno-zalucati-bilse-zahidnogo-dosvidu-dla-vidbudovi-ukrainskih-mist-ekspert.html
Musk declared restrictions on viewing tweets per day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3730321-mask-zaaviv-pro-obmezenna-na-pereglad-tvitiv-za-dobu.html
The Ministry of Strategor's team is almost formed - Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730323-komanda-minstrategpromu-majze-sformovana-ministr.html
On Sunday, Ukraine is forecast rains and thunderstorms, in the afternoon to +30 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730180-u-nedilu-ukraini-prognozuut-dosi-i-grozi-vden-do-30.html
President: All who help the aggressor will receive a response to Ukraine and the world
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730327-prezident-usi-hto-dopomagatime-agresoru-otrimaut-vidpovid-ukraini-ta-svitu.html
Under Paris, a farewell with a teenager shot a police officer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730344-pid-parizem-vidbulosa-prosanna-z-pidlitkom-akogo-zastreliv-policejskij.html
In Kenya, the number of victims of an accident with a truck increased to 51
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730331-dtp-z-vantazivkou-v-kenii-kilkist-zertv-zrosla-do-51.html
Ukrainian Khizhnyak won the gold of European games in Krakow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3730332-ukrainec-hiznak-zdobuv-zoloto-evropejskih-igor-u-krakovi.html
Increasing the security of strategic objects in the north of Ukraine is a key issue - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730335-posilenna-bezpeki-strategicnih-obektiv-na-pivnoci-ukraini-e-klucovim-pitannam-prezident.html
Zelensky - about Sanchez's visit: European affairs without Ukraine are not already considered
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3730336-zelenskij-pro-vizit-sancesa-evropejski-spravi-bez-ukraini-vze-ne-rozgladautsa.html
The enemy made rocket launchers in the Black Sea - OK "South"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730338-vorog-zdijsniv-rotaciu-raketonosiiv-u-cornomu-mori-ok-pivden.html
Water tariffs: Zelensky called the National Commission's decision shameful and unprofessional
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730342-pidvisenna-tarifiv-na-vodu-zelenskij-nazvav-risenna-nackomisii-ganebnim-i-neprofesijnim.html
The reception of applications for participation in the project "Assistant Veterans" started
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3730343-startuvav-prijom-zaav-na-ucast-u-proekti-pomicnik-veterana.html
Under Paris, a farewell with a teenager shot a police officer
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730344-pid-parizem-vidbulosa-prosanna-z-pidlitkom-akogo-zastreliv-policejskij.html
In the USA, the first fully autonomous railway system was launched
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730313-u-ssa-zapracuvala-persa-povnistu-avtonomna-zaliznicna-sistema.html
New veteran policy-in the top 10 priority reforms of the government-Denis Shmigal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/nova-veteranska-polityka-u-top-10-priorytetnyh-reform-uryadu-denys-shmygal/
"Snake release" - the head of the CSU "A" of the SBU about a unique special operation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/zvilnennya-zmiyinogo-kerivnyk-czso-a-sbu-pro-unikalnu-speczoperacziyu/
Betrayed for 200,000 "wooden" and earned 15 years
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/zradyv-za-200-tysyach-derevyanyh-i-zarobyv-15-rokiv/
Ukraine has developed a "guide for veterans and their families"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/v-ukrayini-rozrobleno-putivnyk-dlya-veteraniv-i-chleniv-yihnih-rodyn/
The coordination center for the preservation of cultural heritage in the territories affected by the destruction of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station was created
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/stvoreno-koordynaczijnyj-czentr-zi-zberezhennya-kulturnoyi-spadshhyny-na-terytoriyah-shho-postrazhdaly-vnaslidok-rujnuvannya-kahovskoyi-ges/
The Vice President of the Assembly of European Regions for the first time chose a Ukrainian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3730311-viceprezidentom-asamblei-evropejskih-regioniv-vperse-obrali-ukrainca.html
Three directions continue the heavy fights, all the attacks of the enemy are reflected under Marinka
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/na-troh-napryamkah-tryvayut-vazhki-boyi-pid-maryinskoyu-vidbyto-usi-ataky-protyvnyka/
Russian statements disabled weapons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/rosijski-vidkaznyky-vyvely-z-ladu-ozbroyennya/
Rashists continue to use their ancient tactics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/rashysty-prodovzhuyut-vykorystovuvaty-svoyu-davnyu-taktyku/
NATO and EU partnership - the key to continuing Ukraine's support - Jens Stoltenberg
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/partnerstvo-mizh-nato-i-yes-klyuch-do-prodovzhennya-pidtrymky-ukrayiny-yens-stoltenberg/
A meeting with the families of prisoners and missing paratroopers took place at the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodynamy-polonenyh-ta-znyklyh-bezvisty-desantnykiv/
The President has held a meeting of rates at Rivne NPP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730318-prezident-proviv-zasidanna-stavki-na-rivnenskij-aes.html
The wounded servicemen are significantly simplified by the procedure for the implementation of VLK resolutions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/poranenym-vijskovosluzhbovczyam-suttyevo-sproshheno-poryadok-realizacziyi-postanov-vlk/
Russia holds four ships in the Black Sea, including one carpet carrier "Caliber"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/rosiya-trymaye-u-chornomu-mori-chotyry-korabli-sered-yakyh-odyn-nosij-krylatyh-raket-kalibr/
494 children were killed in Ukraine as a result of armed aggression of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/494-dytyny-zagynuly-v-ukrayini-vnaslidok-zbrojnoyi-agresiyi-rf/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded defenders for personal courage and dedication
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/volodymyr-zelenskyj-nagorodyv-zahysnykiv-za-osobystu-muzhnist-i-samoviddanist-2/
During the day, rescuers went to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling almost 200 times
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-majzhe-200-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-11/
In Nikopol, the Russians hit the administrative building, the church and the dining room
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730315-v-nikopoli-rosiani-vlucili-v-cerkvu-ta-idalnu-e-rujnuvanna.html
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: more than 96 thousand military crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-96-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
More than 1,200 fire tasks were completed during the day of the artillery units in the Tavriya direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/ponad-1200-vognevyh-zavdan-vykonaly-uprodovzh-doby-pidrozdily-artyleriyi-na-tavrijskomu-napryamku/
During the day of the Pyrotechnics of the SES, more than 300 explosive items were disposed of
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-300-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-9/
The Marines of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation will judge the murder of seven civilians in Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/morpiha-zs-rf-sudytymut-za-vbyvstvo-semy-czyvilnyh-na-hersonshhyni/
The President of Ukraine awarded orders and medals of Ukrainian military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/prezydent-ukrayiny-nagorodyv-ordenamy-ta-medalyamy-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/
89% of Ukrainians support the country's accession in NATO - survey
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/89-ukrayincziv-pidtrymuyut-vstup-krayiny-v-nato-opytuvannya/
Our defenders gave Vladimir Zelensky Sleeping emblems
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/nashi-zahysnyky-podaruvaly-volodymyru-zelenskomu-narukavni-emblemy/
Affected 6 areas of focus of enemy and 3 ammunition depots
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/urazheno-6-rajoniv-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka-ta-3-sklady-boyeprypasiv/
More western experience should be involved to rebuild Ukrainian cities - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3730319-potribno-zalucati-bilse-zahidnogo-dosvidu-dla-vidbudovi-ukrainskih-mist-ekspert.html
The President of Ukraine and the Prime Minister of Spain have approved a joint declaration
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/prezydent-ukrayiny-volodymyr-zelenskyj-i-premyer-ministr-ispaniyi-pedro-sanches-uhvalyly-spilnu-deklaracziyu/
The Cabinet of Ministers has been a business trip to participate in National Security and Defense activities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/kabmin-unormuvav-terminy-vidryadzhennya-dlya-uchasti-u-zahodah-z-naczbezpeky-i-oborony/
Military Lyceum of the National Academy of Land Forces named after Hetman Peter Sahaidachny announces a recruitment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/vijskovyj-liczej-naczionalnoyi-akademiyi-suhoputnyh-vijsk-imeni-getmana-petra-sagajdachnogo-ogoloshuye-nabir-na-navchannya/
Defense forces per day eliminated more than 500 invaders, destroyed 35 Artisystems and 26 UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-ponad-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-35-artsystem-ta-26-bpla/
The government has formed the Department of Military Training of the National University "Chernihiv Polytechnic"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/uryad-utvoryv-kafedru-vijskovoyi-pidgotovky-naczionalnogo-universytetu-chernigivska-politehnika/
More than 7,000 explosive defense items were neutralized over the past week
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/ponad-7-tysyach-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-syly-oborony-zneshkodyly-protyagom-mynulogo-tyzhnya/
The President of Ukraine awarded 119 defenders, 39 of them - posthumously
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/prezydent-ukrayiny-nagorodyv-119-zahysnykiv-iz-nyh-39-posmertno/
Air anxiety is now mostly related to enemy tactical aviation activity
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/povitryani-tryvogy-zaraz-zdebilshogo-povyazani-z-aktyvnistyu-taktychnoyi-aviacziyi-voroga/
Moscow in 1941 was rescued by the mobilized peoples of Siberia and Central Asia-Ivan Patrylyak
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/moskvu-u-1941-mu-vryatuvaly-mobilizovani-narody-sybiru-ta-czentralnoyi-aziyi-ivan-patrylyak/
The Armed Forces destroyed almost 10 artillery brigades of the Russian Federation during June - Petro Chernik
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/zsu-znyshhyly-praktychno-10-artylerijskyh-brygad-rf-protyagom-chervnya-petro-chernyk/
The President of Ukraine met with Prime Minister of Spain, who began to preserve the EU Council
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/prezydent-ukrayiny-proviv-zustrich-iz-premyer-ministrom-ispaniyi-yaka-pochala-golovuvaty-v-radi-yes/
"Criminal Ramstein", or prospects for bringing to justice of military criminals of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/kryminalnyj-ramshtajn-abo-perspektyvy-prytyagnennya-do-vidpovidalnosti-voyennyh-zlochyncziv-rf/
The special unit of GUR MOU "Kraken" received a car workshop on wheels
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/speczpidrozdil-gur-mou-kraken-otrymav-avtomobilnu-majsternyu-na-kolesah/
The enemy threw out the airborne regiment in the Bakhmut direction-Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/vorog-perekynuv-povitryano-desantnyj-polk-na-bahmutskyj-napryamok-sergij-cherevatyj/
Russia can arrange a terrorist attack on the ZEP to intimidate the world by the consequences of war and politically influence Ukraine's counter -offensive - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/rosiya-mozhe-vlashtuvaty-terakt-na-zaes-shhob-zalyakaty-svit-naslidkamy-vijny-j-politychno-vplynuty-na-kontrnastup-ukrayiny-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
In Ukraine a day as a result of Russian shelling three civilians were killed, 17 were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/v-ukrayini-za-dobu-vnaslidok-rosijskyh-obstriliv-troye-czyvilnyh-zagynulo-17-poraneno-2/
The occupiers have installed another mobile crematorium in the Berdyansk port
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/okupanty-aktyvno-vykorystovuyut-mobilni-krematoriyi-shhe-odyn-vstanovyly-na-terytoriyi-berdyanskogo-portu/
Open competitive selection in the veteran assistant housing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/vidkryto-konkursnyj-vidbir-u-korpus-pomichnykiv-veterana/
During the Second World War, virtually all the male population of the Left Bank of Ukraine was mobilized
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/pid-chas-drugoyi-svitovoyi-vijny-praktychno-vse-choloviche-naselennya-livoberezhzhya-ukrayiny-bulo-mobilizovano/
A meeting with the families of captive servicemen of the 36th Separate Brigade of Marines
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-zustrich-z-rodynamy-polonenyh-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-morskoyi-pihoty-36-oyi-okremoyi-brygady/
Musk declared restrictions on viewing tweets per day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3730321-mask-zaaviv-pro-obmezenna-na-pereglad-tvitiv-za-dobu.html
Post -war restoration of Ukraine is the main probable scenarios
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/pislyavoyenne-vidnovlennya-ukrayiny-golovni-jmovirni-sczenariyi/
Aircraft Defense Aviation per day made 10 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-10-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy授予109名乌克兰捍卫者 - 死后
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/volodymyr-zelenskyj-nagorodyv-109-zahysnykiv-ukrayiny-posmertno/
More than 30 combat clashes took place in three directions of the front per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/na-troh-napryamkah-frontu-za-dobu-vidbulosya-ponad-30-bojovyh-zitknen/
The Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Spain Pedro Sanches visited the wounded border guards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/premyer-ministr-korolivstva-ispaniya-pedro-sanches-vidvidav-poranenyh-prykordonnykiv/
In Ukraine, quarantine is completed in connection with the coronavirus pandemic
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/v-ukrayini-zavershuyetsya-diya-karantynu-u-zvyazku-z-pandemiyeyu-koronavirusu/
In the Sea of Kiev, there was a training of the attack of DRG of enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/u-kyyivskomu-mori-vidbulysya-navchannya-z-vidbyttya-napadu-drg-protyvnyka/
All who help the aggressor will receive a response to Ukraine and the whole world - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/usi-hto-dopomagatyme-agresoru-otrymayut-vidpovid-ukrayiny-ta-vsogo-svitu-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Sanctions against the Russian Federation as of July 1 - the CZR of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/sankcziyi-proty-rosijskoyi-federacziyi-stanom-na-1-lypnya-szr-ukrayiny/
Short. War. Day 493. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/01/korotko-vijna-den-493-videodajdzhest/
The Ministry of Strategor's team is almost formed - Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3730323-komanda-minstrategpromu-majze-sformovana-ministr.html
Air Force warn of the threat of shock drones in the south
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730345-povitrani-sili-poperedzaut-pro-zagrozu-udarnih-bezpilotnikiv-na-pivdni.html
Air Force warn of the threat of shock drones in the south
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730345-povitrani-sili-poperedzaut-pro-zagrozu-udarnih-bezpilotnikiv-na-pivdni.html
Russians in a day 25 times fired at Sumy region, damaged transmission
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3730340-rosiani-za-den-25-raziv-obstrilali-sumsinu-poskodzena-lep.html
Romania left 40 employees of the embassy of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3730346-rumuniu-zalisili-40-pracivnikiv-posolstva-rosii.html
Prosecutors capture the effects of enemy shelling in Balakliya in Kharkiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/07/02/prokurory-fiksuyut-naslidky-vorozhogo-obstrilu-u-balakliyi-na-harkivshhyni/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====