乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-04-15

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Krasno Pershe, Novomolinsk, Dvorichny, West, MAS ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4487
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarka, Grigory ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4489
JS
https://t.me/lumsrc/4490
At Maryinka direction Russian army shelled Nevelske, Krasnohorivka, Maryinka, Pobyeda, Novomy...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4491
AT Shakhtarsk Directive Russian Army Walled Shakhotarsk, great Novoselka, Vukhledar, Novoukr ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4492
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled  Olhivske, Chervone, Huliaipole, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4493
Zaporizka Oblast(01:54). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12100
In the capital, the children's rail opened a new season
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3696362-u-kievi-ditaca-zaliznica-vidkrila-novij-sezon.html
Mbappe became the best scorer "PSG" in the history of the French Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696468-mbappe-stav-najkrasim-bombardirom-psz-v-istorii-cempionatu-francii.html
A free cryptogram and blockchain course has started in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3696429-v-ukraini-startuvav-bezkostovnij-kurs-iz-kriptogramotnosti-ta-blokcejnu.html
In Ukraine, they made a movie about the heroic struggle of energy with Russian attacks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3696465-v-ukraini-znali-film-pro-geroicnu-borotbu-energetikiv-z-rosijskimi-atakami.html
The Easter Divine Service of the PCU is conducted at the Michael's Cathedral
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696467-u-mihajlivskomu-sobori-velikodne-bogosluzinna-pcu.html
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Sheled Stroyivka, Dvorichansk, Krasnaya Pershe, Novomolinsk ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4496
The invaders fired Sumy region with uncontrollable aviation missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696464-zagarbniki-obstrilali-sumsinu-nekerovanimi-aviacijnimi-raketami.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Novoselivske, Stelmakhivka, Nevske, Bilohorivka of Lu...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4497
In German Dresden neutralized bomb times of World War II
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696406-u-nimeckomu-drezdeni-zneskodili-bombu-casiv-drugoi-svitovoi.html
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarka, Grigory ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4498
Ukrainian tennis player Vyacheslav Belinsky became the ITF M15 champion in Turkey
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696461-ukrainskij-tenisist-vaceslav-belinskij-stav-cempionom-zmagan-itf-m15-u-tureccini.html
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian Army Shelled Novokalinova, Avdiivka, Pervomaisko And Karlovka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4499
UN Secretary General Condemns Fighting in Sudan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696462-gensek-oon-zasudzue-bojovi-dii-v-sudani.html
Zelensky about investigating war crimes: we will ensure the responsibility of the Russian Federation at all levels
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696459-zelenskij-pro-rozsliduvanna-voennih-zlociniv-mi-zabezpecimo-vidpovidalnist-rf-na-vsih-rivnah.html
In the capital Tuga will show a performance-choir behind the works of Frank
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3696458-u-stolicnomu-tugu-pokazut-vistavuhoror-za-tvorami-franka.html
Easter worship in Ukraine will take place in over 13,000 temples
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696460-velikodni-bogosluzinna-v-ukraini-vidbuvatimutsa-u-ponad-13-000-hramiv.html
Yastremskaya lost at the start of the WTA tournament in Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696456-astremska-prograla-na-starti-kvalifikacii-turniru-wta-u-nimeccini.html
President: Pressure pressure guilty of Russian aggression against Ukraine is the self -defense of the world
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696454-prezident-sankcijnij-tisk-na-vinnih-u-rosijskij-agresii-proti-ukraini-ce-samozahist-svitu.html
Berlin requires 806 euros for the "parking" of the tank in front of the Russian Embassy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696356-berlin-vimagae-806-evro-za-parkuvanna-tanka-pered-posolstvom-rf.html
Zelensky: Under the rubble of the Russian rocket in Slavyansk there are bodies of dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696453-zelenskij-pid-zavalami-zrujnovanih-rosijskou-raketou-budinkiv-u-slovansku-e-tila-zagiblih.html
Since the beginning of the war, Ukraine has approved 9 European Integration Banks in the field of the environment - Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696446-vid-pocatku-vijni-ukraina-uhvalila-9-evrointegracijnih-zakonoproektiv-u-sferi-dovkilla-ministr.html
Zelensky: All Ukrainian sanctions synchronize with global sanctions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696452-zelenskij-usi-ukrainski-sankcii-sinhronizuemo-iz-sankciami-globalnimi.html
In the Rivne region for the children of displaced persons held a master class on painting of Easter eggs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696448-na-rivnensini-dla-ditej-pereselenciv-proveli-majsterklas-z-rozpisu-pashalnih-aec.html
Dmitry Mitrofanov won the duel against Juan Carlos
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696447-dmitro-mitrofanov-zdobuv-peremogu-u-poedinku-proti-huana-karlosa.html
Taiwan is very vulnerable to China's attack from the air - wp
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696451-tajvan-duze-vrazlivij-do-napadu-kitau-z-povitra-wp.html
In the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Britain reacted to collisions in Sudan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696444-u-mzs-britanii-vidreaguvali-na-zitknenna-v-sudani.html
In the Netherlands, Ukrainian refugees demanded better living conditions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696443-u-niderlandah-ukrainski-bizenci-vimagali-krasih-umov-prozivanna.html
APL: Chelsea gave way to Brighton on Stamford Bridge
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696441-apl-celsi-postupilos-brajtonu-na-stemford-bridz.html
Blinken discussed the war in Ukraine with Vietnam leadership in Vietnam
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696440-blinken-obgovoriv-z-kerivnictvom-vetnamu-vijnu-v-ukraini.html
CPD: Rosprop spreads the fake cover of the British newspaper The New Europe, which depicts Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696438-rosprop-posirue-fejkovu-obkladinku-britanskoi-gazeti-the-new-european-de-zobrazenij-zelenskij-cpd.html
Makeup artist Berbok costs Germany's budget € 137 thousand
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696346-vizazist-berbok-kostue-budzetu-nimeccini-137-tisac.html
Shmigal called Ukraine's expectations from the G7 summit in Japan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696469-smigal-nazvav-ocikuvanna-ukraini-vid-samitu-krain-g7-u-aponii.html
Explosions reported at ammunition depot in Oleshky
https://t.me/hueviyherson/37996
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(08:41). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43065
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(09:20). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/23891
Donetsk Oblast(09:38). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43068
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Halahanivka of Chernihiv ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4495
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Novopil of Donetsk regi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4502
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4503
Prigozhin, head of PMC Wagner, is now suggesting that Russia should end the war now and decla...
https://twitter.com/Tendar/status/1647135381513461760
Occupation authorities of Sevastopol temporarily suspended sea passenger traffic
https://t.me/tass_agency/188146
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(12:07). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43073
Donetsk Oblast(12:26). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43074
Zaporizka Oblast(12:44). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43076
Death toll of Russian attack in Sloviansk increased to 11 dead, 21 more wounded
https://t.me/hromadske_ua/31583
Donetsk Oblast(14:31). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43079
Sumska Oblast, Chernihivska Oblast(14:52). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take co...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43081
2 person killed as result of Russian shelling today in Kherson
https://t.me/liganet/26197
President Zelensky had a phone call with President Macron
https://t.me/V_Zelenskiy_official/5867
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(15:42). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/suspilnednipro/14401
Zaporizka Oblast(15:43). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43085
Poland banned importing agricultural products from Ukraine. The regulation in this matter was...
https://twitter.com/RadioZET_NEWS/status/1647237997757100034
Russian army shelled Zelenivka and Sadove in Kherson region, 1 person wounded
https://t.me/channel24_ua/84637
Explosions reported in occupied Rubizhne
https://t.me/huyovy_kharkiv/106258
Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Zaporizhzhya region, Donetsk region (...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43092
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(17:53). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43093
In the Lviv region, the repair of the bridge on the Rava-Ruska-Hayok highway was started
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3696263-na-lvivsini-rozpocali-remont-mostu-na-avtomobilnij-dorozi-ravaruska-gajok.html
The redemption of real estate for the construction of the Northern Bypass Road was completed in Lviv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696266-na-lvivsini-zaversili-vikup-neruhomogo-majna-dla-budivnictva-pivnicnoi-obiznoi-dorogi.html
Russia holds in the Black Sea two carbon carriers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696269-rosia-trimae-u-cornomu-mori-dva-nosii-kalibriv.html
The International Surfing Association has continued the removal of Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696271-miznarodna-asociacia-serfingu-prodovzila-vidstoronenna-rosian.html
In Rivne region, believers were allowed to stay in temples on Easter night
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696272-na-rivnensini-viranam-dozvolili-zalisatisa-u-hramah-na-velikden-vnoci.html
Leopard 1 tanks will soon be ready to send to Ukraine - Danish Defense Ministry
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696276-tanki-leopard-1-skoro-budut-gotovi-do-vidpravki-v-ukrainu-minoboroni-danii.html
The Advisory Center of the Commissioner for Human Rights opened in Odessa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696277-v-odesi-vidkrivsa-konsultacijnij-centr-upovnovazenogo-radi-z-prav-ludini.html
Culture and art today at the front in the fight against aggressor - Tkachenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3696280-kultura-ta-mistectvo-sogodni-na-peredovij-u-borotbi-z-agresorom-tkacenko.html
Structured post -war plan is presented at the International Summit of Communities and Regions - OP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3696281-strukturovanij-plan-povoennogo-vidnovlenna-prezentuut-na-miznarodnomu-samiti-gromad-i-regioniv-op.html
Poland has already provided Ukraine with almost € 11 billion assistance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696283-polsa-nadala-ukraini-vze-majze-11-milardiv-dopomogi.html
In Kherson region, two more mobile base stations have been restored
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696285-na-hersonsini-vidnovili-robotu-se-dvoh-bazovih-stancij-mobilnogo-zvazku.html
Does not lose hope: detained in the Russian Federation journalist WSJ wrote a letter to the family
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696286-ne-vtracae-nadii-zatrimanij-v-rf-zurnalist-wsj-napisav-lista-rodini.html
Kostyuk won Krachikov and cut the score in the match Ukraine - Czech Republic
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696288-kostuk-peremogla-krejcikovu-i-skorotila-rahunok-u-matci-ukraina-cehia.html
The Russians gave the Azovstal - Andryushchenko Plant for plundering
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696289-rosiani-viddali-na-rozgrabuvanna-zavod-azovstal-andrusenko.html
Marines per day destroyed 18 Russian invaders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696290-morpihi-za-dobu-znisili-18-rosijskih-zagarbnikiv.html
Ukraine can start electricity exports to Slovakia Monday
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696293-ukraina-z-ponedilka-moze-rozpocati-eksport-elektroenergii-do-slovaccini.html
Sudan collisions between the army and the rapid response forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696295-u-sudani-vidbuvautsa-zitknenna-miz-armieu-ta-silami-svidkogo-reaguvanna.html
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(19:48). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43101
Moscow canceled the traditional celebration on May 1
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696300-u-moskvi-skasuvali-tradicijne-svatkuvanna-1-travna.html
Russian aviation bombing Beryslav district with guided bombs
https://t.me/hueviyherson/38045
The Ministry of Health of Ukraine and France signed a declaration of cooperation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696305-moz-ukraini-ta-francii-pidpisali-deklaraciu-pro-spivpracu.html
In the Zhytomyr region groundwater is flooded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696303-na-zitomirsini-gruntovimi-vodami-pidtopleni-prisadibni-dilanki.html
Refugees from Ukraine filled the gaps in the Polish labor market
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3696306-bizenci-z-ukraini-zapovnili-progalini-na-polskomu-rinku-praci.html
More than 2000 people left Melitopol in two weeks to avoid "mobilization" - Fedorov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696309-iz-melitopola-za-dva-tizni-viihali-ponad-2000-ludej-sob-uniknuti-mobilizacii-fedorov.html
Germany calls the EU to impose sanctions against the nuclear industry of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696308-nimeccina-zaklikae-es-zaprovaditi-sankcii-proti-atomnoi-promislovosti-rf.html
The number of dead as a result of a blow to Slavyansk increased to 11
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696314-kilkist-zagiblih-unaslidok-udaru-po-slovansku-zrosla-do-11.html
Flonting in the Kyiv region: special equipment strengthens the embankment on a temporary relocation to Ivankov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696307-pidtoplenna-na-kiivsini-spectehnika-ukriplue-nasip-na-timcasovomu-pereizdi-do-ivankova.html
A memorial service for the Hero of Ukraine "Da Vinci" passed in Kiev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3696316-u-kievi-projsla-panahida-za-geroem-ukraini-da-vinci.html
Metalist and Heather have released the head of heads in the match of the 21st round of the Premier League
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696317-metalist-ta-veres-vidali-zlivu-goliv-u-matci-21go-turu-premerligi.html
At 15:30 - Briefing Minister of Agrarian Policy and Food Mykola Solsky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696339-o-1530-brifing-ministra-agrarnoi-politiki-ta-prodovolstva-mikoli-solskogo.html
In the Kherson region, provocations from the Russians on Easter do not exclude - local advise to protect
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696321-na-hersonsini-ne-viklucaut-provokacij-z-boku-rosian-na-velikden-miscevim-radat-poberegtisa.html
Brazil's President urged the US to stop "encourage" war in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696326-prezident-brazilii-zaklikav-ssa-pripiniti-zaohocuvati-vijnu-v-ukraini.html
Donetsk Oblast(21:15). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43104
Chernihivska Oblast(21:21). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43105
Georgia has denied rumors about renewal of direct airline from the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696328-u-gruzii-sprostuvali-cutki-pro-ponovlenna-pramogo-aviaspolucenna-z-rf.html
Sumska Oblast(21:24). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/43106
Solsky spent a briefing in Ukrinform on temporary export restrictions to Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696329-solskij-pid-cas-brifingu-v-ukrinformi-rozpovist-pro-timcasovi-obmezenna-na-eksport-u-polsu.html
Zelensky introduced the NSDC decision on the application of sanctions to 692 individuals and legal entities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696337-zelenskij-uviv-u-diu-risenna-rnbo-pro-zastosuvanna-sankcij-do-692-fizicnih-i-uridicnih-osib.html
Ukrainian tennis players gave way to the Czech Republic in the Billy Cup match Gin King
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696331-ukrainski-tenisistki-postupilisa-cehii-u-matci-kubka-billi-dzin-king.html
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs calls Ukrainians to refrain from traveling to Sudan because of an unstable situation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696334-mzs-zaklikae-ukrainciv-utrimatisa-vid-poizdok-do-sudanu-cerez-nestabilnu-situaciu.html
Prigogine hopes to benefit from Moscow's defeat in Ukraine - isw
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696340-prigozin-spodivaetsa-otrimati-vigodu-vid-porazki-moskvi-v-ukraini-isw.html
The Russians fired Kherson, two women were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696341-rosiani-obstrilali-herson-zaginuli-dvi-zinki.html
In Jerusalem a graceful fire came down
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696343-v-erusalimi-zijsov-blagodatnij-vogon.html
National multi -enthusiastic test abroad can be made in 45 cities
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696345-nacionalnij-multipredmetnij-test-za-kordonom-mozna-sklasti-u-45-mistah.html
The Armed Forces destroyed the latest Russian T-90 Tank "Breakthrough"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696344-zsu-znisili-novitnij-rosijskij-tank-t90-proriv.html
Five Ukrainians will be judged in Russia for terrorism
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696347-u-rosii-suditimut-patoh-ukrainciv-za-terorizm.html
Vygovsky presented specialization to the operatives of criminal investigation for a professional holiday
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696349-vigivskij-vruciv-speczvanna-operativnikam-karnogo-rozsuku-do-profesijnogo-svata.html
In Dnipropetrovsk and Donetsk, light returned 11,000 families
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696350-na-dnipropetrovsini-i-doneccini-svitlo-povernuli-11-tisacam-rodin.html
Friends are recognized in trouble: Berbok thanked South Korea for the position of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696351-druzi-piznautsa-u-bidi-berbok-podakuvala-pivdennij-korei-za-poziciu-sodo-ukraini.html
There was an explosion in the Russian Kazan in the tank landfill area
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696357-u-rosijskij-kazani-stavsa-vibuh-u-rajoni-tankovogo-poligonu.html
Poland has banned the import from Ukraine of grain and many foods
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696355-polsa-zaboronila-vvezenna-z-ukraini-zbizza-ta-bagatoh-produktiv-harcuvanna.html
On the portal "Know" gave advice on how to enrich your diet with seasonal products
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696354-na-portali-znaimo-dali-poradi-ak-zbagatiti-racion-sezonnimi-produktami.html
More than 100,000 e-recipes have already been discharged in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696361-v-ukraini-vipisali-vze-ponad-100-tisac-ereceptiv.html
On Easter in Ukraine, slight rains are expected in some places
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696324-na-velikden-v-ukraini-ocikuutsa-podekudi-neznacni-dosi.html
Solsky about export stopping to Poland: Hope for the settlement of the issue next week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696364-solskij-pro-zupinku-eksportu-do-polsi-spodivaemosa-na-vreguluvanna-pitanna-nastupnogo-tizna.html
Russian aviation dropped guided bomb at Shostka district of Sumy region
https://t.me/operativnoZSU/91356
UPL: Zorya won Dnipro-1, Metalist-1925 and Alexandria shared points
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696367-upl-zora-peremogla-dnipro1-metalist1925-i-oleksandria-podilili-ocki.html
Zelensky discussed with Macron preparation for NATO Vilnius Summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696369-zelenskij-obgovoriv-z-makronom-pidgotovku-do-vilnuskogo-samitu-nato.html
Airlines will temporarily not operate flights to Sudan capital
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696371-aviakompanii-timcasovo-ne-vikonuvatimut-rejsi-do-stolici-sudanu.html
Minister of Agro -Policy has confirmed a meeting with a Polish colleague on Monday
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696375-ministr-agropolitiki-pidtverdiv-zustric-iz-polskim-kolegou-v-ponedilok.html
Kherson shelling: Russian shells fell near the educational institution, died - mother and daughter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696376-obstril-hersona-rosijski-snaradi-vpali-poblizu-osvitnogo-zakladu-zagibli-mati-i-donka.html
Russian cyberattacks did not cause Canada significant damage - intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696377-rosijski-kiberataki-ne-zavdali-kanadi-suttevoi-skodi-rozvidka.html
Kyivmiskbud suspended the construction of objects
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3696378-kiivmiskbud-prizupiniv-budivnictvo-obektiv.html
In Cherkasy region, 10 inhabitants were evacuated due to flooding
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696381-na-cerkasini-cerez-pidtoplenna-evakuuvali-10-ziteliv.html
It is not obligatory to confirm captivity from the Russian side - coordination
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696385-dla-obminu-ne-e-obovazkovim-pidtverdzenna-polonu-vid-rosijskoi-storoni-koordstab.html
Krachikova: Someone may be offended that he will not be allowed to games, but how to be with Ukrainian athletes who died
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696386-krejcikova-htos-moze-obrazitisa-so-jogo-ne-pustat-do-igor-ale-ak-buti-z-ukrainskimi-sportsmenami-aki-zaginuli.html
Where to watch the broadcasts of the Easter services of the PCU and the UGCC - a list of channels
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696387-de-divitisa-translacii-velikodnih-bogosluzin-pcu-ta-ugkc-spisok-kanaliv.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
Solsky said how much products Ukraine exports every month across the Polish border
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3696383-solskij-nazvav-obemi-produkcii-aki-somisaca-eksportuutsa-z-ukraini-cerez-polskij-kordon.html
Tkachenko shared his impressions of watching the movie "Pumfir"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3696389-tkacenko-podilivsa-vrazennami-vid-peregladu-filmu-pamfir.html
The Armed Forces were taken under Marinka in at least six Russian military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696390-zsu-vzali-pid-marinkou-u-polon-sonajmense-sistoh-rosijskih-vijskovih.html
600 farms in 14 settlements have been flooded in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696391-v-ukraini-zalisautsa-pidtoplenimi-600-dvorogospodarstv-u-14-naselenih-punktah-dsns.html
Video surveillance cameras will be installed on the territory of all Kyiv schools
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3696395-na-teritorii-vsih-skil-kieva-vstanovlat-kameri-videonagladu.html
Ukraine on the eve of Ramstin has negotiated with Greece, Cyprus, Spain and Romania
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696392-ukraina-naperedodni-ramstajnu-provela-peregovori-z-grecieu-kiprom-ispanieu-ta-rumunieu.html
Ukrainian Boyko was appointed the main arbiter for the MLS match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696396-ukrainca-bojka-priznacili-golovnim-arbitrom-na-matc-mls.html
In India the bus with musicians left the highway, 13 dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696397-v-indii-avtobus-z-muzikantami-zihav-iz-sose-13-zagiblih.html
In Sudan during an attempt by the state a coup, a Ukrainian plane - SkyUp caught fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696399-skyup-evakujovue-spivrobitnikiv-iz-sudanu-na-odnomu-z-litakiv-spracuvav-avarijnij-radiobuj.html
Border guards showed the destruction of the assault group of Russians in Bakhmut
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696401-prikordonniki-pokazali-znisenna-sturmovoi-grupi-rosian-u-bahmuti.html
In Beryslav region repaired damaged on the eve of the enemy blow of the power supply
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696403-na-berislavsini-vidremontuvali-poskodzeni-naperedodni-vorozim-udarom-elektromerezi.html
The Armed Forces reflected 40 enemy attacks a day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696404-zsu-za-den-vidbili-40-vorozih-atak.html
Ambassador United24 Branson urged the event to increase Ukraine's support
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696405-ambasador-united24-brenson-zaklikav-zahid-zbilsiti-pidtrimku-ukraini.html
The Ukrainian exhibition "Art on the Field of Battle" opened in Vienna
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3696408-u-vidni-vidkrilasa-ukrainska-vistavka-mistectvo-na-poli-bou.html
As a result of military clashes in Sudan, at least three civilians were killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696410-unaslidok-vijskovih-zitknen-u-sudani-zaginuli-sonajmense-troe-civilnih.html
Ukrainian tennis player Marta Kostyuk reported engagement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696413-ukrainska-tenisistka-marta-kostuk-povidomila-pro-zarucini.html
Chad closed the border with Sudan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696415-cad-zakriv-kordon-iz-sudanom.html
Ukraine needs support to achieve a break on the battlefield this year - Reznikov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696414-ukraini-potribna-pidtrimka-dla-dosagnenna-zlamu-na-poli-bou-cogoric-reznikov.html
On the highway Zhytomyr - Chernivtsi through an accident, traffic was blocked
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696416-na-trasi-zitomir-cernivci-cerez-dtp-perekrili-ruh-transportu.html
Ukrainians Khartziz and Lapin won early victories at boxing in Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696420-ukrainci-harciz-ta-lapin-zdobuli-dostrokovi-peremogi-na-vecori-boksu-v-polsi.html
The Ministry of Justice says that the military may be involved in the Ukrainian court and the ISS
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696425-u-minusti-kazut-so-pricetni-do-strat-vijskovih-mozut-postati-pered-ukrainskim-sudom-i-mks.html
Reznikov discussed with Deputy Stoltenberg modernization of defense purchases in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696427-reznikov-obgovoriv-iz-zastupnikom-stoltenberga-modernizaciu-oboronnih-zakupivel-v-ukraini.html
Krumich will play in the final of the qualification of the tournament in Barcelona
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696432-krutih-zigrae-u-finali-kvalifikacii-turniru-v-barseloni.html
In Finland, a new nuclear reactor will be launched
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696433-u-finlandii-zapustat-novij-adernij-reaktor.html
The Foreign Ministry denied information about the capture of Ukrainian hostages in Sudan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696434-u-mzs-sprostuvali-informaciu-pro-zahoplenna-ukrainskih-zarucnikiv-u-sudani.html
The war has already caused damage to the environment of Ukraine by almost ₴ 2 trillions - shooter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696436-vijna-vze-zavdala-skodi-dovkillu-ukraini-na-majze-2-triljoni-strilec.html
CPD: Rosprop spreads the fake cover of the British newspaper The New Europe, which depicts Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696438-rosprop-posirue-fejkovu-obkladinku-britanskoi-gazeti-the-new-european-de-zobrazenij-zelenskij-cpd.html
Blinken discussed the war in Ukraine with Vietnam leadership in Vietnam
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696440-blinken-obgovoriv-z-kerivnictvom-vetnamu-vijnu-v-ukraini.html
APL: Chelsea gave way to Brighton on Stamford Bridge
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696441-apl-celsi-postupilos-brajtonu-na-stemford-bridz.html
In the Netherlands, Ukrainian refugees demanded better living conditions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696443-u-niderlandah-ukrainski-bizenci-vimagali-krasih-umov-prozivanna.html
In the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Britain reacted to collisions in Sudan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696444-u-mzs-britanii-vidreaguvali-na-zitknenna-v-sudani.html
Taiwan is very vulnerable to China's attack from the air - wp
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696451-tajvan-duze-vrazlivij-do-napadu-kitau-z-povitra-wp.html
Dmitry Mitrofanov won the duel against Juan Carlos
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696447-dmitro-mitrofanov-zdobuv-peremogu-u-poedinku-proti-huana-karlosa.html
In the Rivne region for the children of displaced persons held a master class on painting of Easter eggs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696448-na-rivnensini-dla-ditej-pereselenciv-proveli-majsterklas-z-rozpisu-pashalnih-aec.html
Zelensky: All Ukrainian sanctions synchronize with global sanctions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696452-zelenskij-usi-ukrainski-sankcii-sinhronizuemo-iz-sankciami-globalnimi.html
Since the beginning of the war, Ukraine has approved 9 European Integration Banks in the field of the environment - Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696446-vid-pocatku-vijni-ukraina-uhvalila-9-evrointegracijnih-zakonoproektiv-u-sferi-dovkilla-ministr.html
Zelensky: Under the rubble of the Russian rocket in Slavyansk there are bodies of dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696453-zelenskij-pid-zavalami-zrujnovanih-rosijskou-raketou-budinkiv-u-slovansku-e-tila-zagiblih.html
Berlin requires 806 euros for the "parking" of the tank in front of the Russian Embassy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696356-berlin-vimagae-806-evro-za-parkuvanna-tanka-pered-posolstvom-rf.html
President: Pressure pressure guilty of Russian aggression against Ukraine is the self -defense of the world
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696454-prezident-sankcijnij-tisk-na-vinnih-u-rosijskij-agresii-proti-ukraini-ce-samozahist-svitu.html
Yastremskaya lost at the start of the WTA tournament in Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696456-astremska-prograla-na-starti-kvalifikacii-turniru-wta-u-nimeccini.html
Easter worship in Ukraine will take place in over 13,000 temples
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696460-velikodni-bogosluzinna-v-ukraini-vidbuvatimutsa-u-ponad-13-000-hramiv.html
In the capital Tuga will show a performance-choir behind the works of Frank
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3696458-u-stolicnomu-tugu-pokazut-vistavuhoror-za-tvorami-franka.html
Zelensky about investigating war crimes: we will ensure the responsibility of the Russian Federation at all levels
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696459-zelenskij-pro-rozsliduvanna-voennih-zlociniv-mi-zabezpecimo-vidpovidalnist-rf-na-vsih-rivnah.html
UN Secretary General Condemns Fighting in Sudan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696462-gensek-oon-zasudzue-bojovi-dii-v-sudani.html
Ukrainian tennis player Vyacheslav Belinsky became the ITF M15 champion in Turkey
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696461-ukrainskij-tenisist-vaceslav-belinskij-stav-cempionom-zmagan-itf-m15-u-tureccini.html
In German Dresden neutralized bomb times of World War II
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696406-u-nimeckomu-drezdeni-zneskodili-bombu-casiv-drugoi-svitovoi.html
The invaders fired Sumy region with uncontrollable aviation missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3696464-zagarbniki-obstrilali-sumsinu-nekerovanimi-aviacijnimi-raketami.html
The Easter Divine Service of the PCU is conducted at the Michael's Cathedral
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696467-u-mihajlivskomu-sobori-velikodne-bogosluzinna-pcu.html
In Ukraine, they made a movie about the heroic struggle of energy with Russian attacks
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3696465-v-ukraini-znali-film-pro-geroicnu-borotbu-energetikiv-z-rosijskimi-atakami.html
A free cryptogram and blockchain course has started in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3696429-v-ukraini-startuvav-bezkostovnij-kurs-iz-kriptogramotnosti-ta-blokcejnu.html
Mbappe became the best scorer "PSG" in the history of the French Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3696468-mbappe-stav-najkrasim-bombardirom-psz-v-istorii-cempionatu-francii.html
Shmigal called Ukraine's expectations from the G7 summit in Japan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3696469-smigal-nazvav-ocikuvanna-ukraini-vid-samitu-krain-g7-u-aponii.html
Makeup artist Berbok costs Germany's budget € 137 thousand
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3696346-vizazist-berbok-kostue-budzetu-nimeccini-137-tisac.html
CPD found basic manipulations from the world media per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/czpd-vyyavyv-osnovni-manipulyacziyi-vid-svitovyh-zmi-za-dobu/
The Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine apparatus gave the volunteers holiday belts for Ukrainian defenders and defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/aparat-verhovnoyi-rady-ukrayiny-peredav-volonteram-svyatkovi-pasky-dlya-ukrayinskyh-zahysnykiv-i-zahysnycz/
The SBU detained deeds who tried to wander the money from the Armed Forces and their relatives
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/sbu-zatrymala-dilkiv-yaki-namagalysya-vyduryuvaty-groshi-z-bijcziv-zsu-ta-yihnih-rodychiv/
It was reported suspicion of a deputy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-deputatu-rf-yakyj-na-kameru-rostb-komanduvav-artobstrilom-pozyczij-zsu/
Denis Shmigal discussed with the Ministers of Finance of the United Kingdom, Germany and France plans for supporting Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/denys-shmygal-obgovoryv-z-ministramy-finansiv-velykoyi-brytaniyi-nimechchyny-ta-francziyi-plany-finansovoyi-pidtrymky-ukrayiny/
The President of Ukraine celebrated 45 defenders state awards
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/prezydent-ukrayiny-vidznachyv-derzhavnymy-nagorodamy-45-zahysnykiv/
During the past day, the Defense Forces repelled 56 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/protyagom-mynuloyi-doby-syly-oborony-vidbyly-56-atak-voroga/
Belarus checks the combat readiness of the army -
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/bilorut-pereviryaye-boyegotovnist-vijska/
The CPD informs about the main narrative that has been promoted by Roszma in a day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/czpd-informuye-pro-osnovnyj-naratyv-shho-za-dobu-prosuvaly-roszmi/
Occupants steal oils from electric transformers and disconnect the streets of cities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/okupnaty-kradut-mastyla-z-elektrotransformatoriv-ta-znestrumlyuyut-vulyczi-mist/
Our artillery struck the management point and 3 areas of focus of the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/nasha-artyleriya-urazyla-punkt-upravlinnya-ta-3-rajony-zoseredzhennya-voroga/
Another minus 460 occupants, 3 tanks and 4 BBM: daily loss of enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/shhe-minus-460-okupantiv-3-tanky-ta-4-bbm-dobovi-vtraty-voroga/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Massive hostile rocket strokes on Easter holidays are unlikely - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/masovani-vorozhi-raketni-udary-na-velykodni-svyata-malojmovirni-yurij-ignat/
The Law of Ukraine on Increasing Defense Expenditures by 537.2 billion came into force
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/nabuv-chynnosti-zakon-ukrayiny-pro-zbilshennya-vydatkiv-na-oboronu-na-5372-mlrd/
In Slavic, the number of dead increased to nine people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/u-slovyansku-kilkist-zagyblyh-zrosla-do-devyaty-osib/
In Donetsk, the Russians switched to "limits" in the attacks of our positions - Colonel Alexei Dmitrashkivsky
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/na-donechchyni-rosiyany-perejshly-na-limity-v-atakah-nashyh-pozyczij-polkovnyk-oleksij-dmytrashkivskyj/
Volodymyr Zelenskyy awarded 183 defenders, 43 of them posthumously
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/volodymyr-zelenskyj-nagorodyv-183-zahysnyka-iz-nyh-43-posmertno/
Ukraine will win this war - this is just a matter of time - the head of state
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/ukrayina-peremozhe-v-czij-vijni-cze-lyshe-pytannya-chasu-glava-derzhava/
Chernihiv Military Lyceum celebrated its 30th anniversary
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/chernigivskyj-vijskovyj-liczej-vidznachyv-svoye-30-richchya-z-dnya-zasnuvannya/
Juvenile prosecutors: 469 children were killed in Ukraine as a result of armed aggression of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/yuvenalni-prokurory-469-ditej-zagynuly-v-ukrayini-vnaslidok-zbrojnoyi-agresiyi-rf/
Nine military administrations in Donetsk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/utvoreno-devyat-vijskovyh-administraczij-na-donechchyni/
The enemy holds in the Black Sea two rocket launchers with eight "caliber"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/vorog-trymaye-u-chornomu-mori-dva-raketonosiyi-z-vismoma-kalibramy/
In Bakhmut, the ill -in -the -last years bloody battles - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/u-bahmuti-tryvayut-bezpreczedentni-za-ostanni-roky-kryvavi-boyi-sergij-cherevatyj/
Ukrainian air defense is able to destroy the X-50 missiles, which was announced by Russia-Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/ukrayinski-ppo-v-zmozi-znyshhyty-rakety-h-50-vyrobnycztvo-yakyh-anonsuvala-rosiya-yurij-ignat/
Our priorities are known - protection of the sky, creating an "armored fist", providing ammunition - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/nashi-priorytety-vidomi-zahyst-neba-stvorennya-bronovanogo-kulaka-zabezpechennya-boyeprypasamy-oleksij-reznikov/
In Slavyansk, the number of victims of rocket strike of Russians has increased
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/u-slovyansku-zrosla-kilkist-zhertv-raketnogo-udaru-rosiyan/
All weapons that enters Ukraine from partner countries will immediately fight with Russian occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/use-ozbroyennya-yake-zahodyt-v-ukrayinu-vid-krayin-partneriv-vidrazu-bude-voyuvaty-z-rosijskymy-okupantamy/
The enemy is increasingly used
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/vorog-use-chastishe-zastosovuye-kerovani-aviabomby-proty-czyvilnogo-naselennya/
The Prosecutor General of Ukraine discussed with the President of Lithuania the creation of a special joint to investigate the crime of aggression of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/genprokuror-ukrayiny-obgovoryv-iz-prezydentom-lytvy-stvorennya-specztrybunalu-dlya-rozsliduvannya-zlochynu-agresiyi-rf/
In the occupied territories, the so-called units appeared, which includes mobilized convicts
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/na-okupovanyh-terytoriyah-zyavylys-tak-zvani-pidrozdily-z-do-skladu-yakyh-vhodyat-mobilizovani-zasudzheni/
Загарбники розробляють нові заходи терору проти мешканців окупованих територій
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/zagarbnyky-rozroblyayut-novi-zahodu-teroru-proty-meshkancziv-okupovanyh-terytorij/
Black Sea Security Conference: Minister of Defense of Ukraine focused on five framework theses
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/chornomorska-bezpekova-konferencziya-ministr-oborony-ukrayiny-zrobyv-akczent-na-5-ramkovyh-tezah/
At the epicenter of hostilities - Bakhmut and Marinka: 40 enemy attacks are reflected
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/v-epiczentri-bojovyh-dij-bahmut-ta-maryinka-vidbyto-40-atak-protyvnyka/
Defense forces struck the SPR, radar and enemy ammunition composition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/syl-oborony-urazyly-zrk-rls-ta-sklad-boyeprypasiv-protyvnyka/
Confirmation of captivity from the MoD of the Russian Federation has no direct effect on the exchange procedure - coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/pidtverdzhennya-polonu-vid-mo-rf-ne-maye-bezposerednogo-vplyvu-na-proczeduru-obminu-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
During the day the enemy has caused 19 aviation and 4 missile strikes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/protyagom-doby-vorog-zavdav-19-aviaczijnyh-ta-4-raketnyh-udary/
Minoreintegration calls on the inhabitants of the liberated territories not to visit the cemeteries for Easter holidays
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/minreintegracziyi-zaklykaye-meshkancziv-vyzvolenyh-vid-rosiyan-terytorij-ne-vidviduvaty-kladovyshha-na-velykodni-svyata/
Putinians promise "all the money of the world" for participation in the war against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/putinczi-obiczyayut-vsi-groshi-svitu-za-uchast-u-vijni-proty-ukrayiny/
In Bucharest showed a movie about the destruction of Moscow - a brilliant operation of the Navy of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/u-buharesti-pokazaly-film-pro-znyshhennya-moskvy-blyskuchu-operacziyu-vms-zsu/
The President of Ukraine introduced the NSDC decision on the application of sanctions to 692 individuals and legal entities
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/prezydent-ukrayiny-uviv-u-diyu-rishennya-rnbo-pro-zastosuvannya-sankczij-do-692-fizychnyh-i-yurydychnyh-osib/
Anna Malyar commented on the publication of a shocking video of the execution of a Ukrainian fighter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/ganna-malyar-prokomentuvala-oprylyudnennya-shokuyuchogo-video-straty-ukrayinskogo-bijczya/
Let's return justice as memory of all whose life was taken by Russia - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/povernemo-spravedlyvist-yak-pam%ca%bcyat-pro-vsih-chyye-zhyttya-zabrala-rosiya-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Since the beginning of the invasion, Ukraine has approved 9 European Integration Banks in the field of environment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/z-pochatku-vtorgnennya-ukrayina-uhvalyla-9-yevrointegraczijnyh-zakonoproyektiv-u-sferi-dovkillya/
Military crime against the environment can
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/voyennyj-zlochyn-proty-dovkillya-mozhna-zafiksuvaty-za-dopomogoyu-mobilnogo-zastosunku-ekozagroza/
The West's Chaplain Service has consecrated hundreds of belts for the military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/kapelanska-sluzhba-pvk-zahid-osvyatyla-sotni-pasok-dlya-vijskovyh/
The Armed Forces continues to complete vacant positions by experts of hydrometeorological service
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/u-zsu-tryvaye-doukomplektuvannya-vakantnyh-posad-fahivczyamy-gidrometeorologichnoyi-sluzhby/
Easter comes to the forefront
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/velykden-pryhodyt-na-peredovu/
Short. War. Day 416. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/15/korotko-vijna-den-416-videodajdzhest/
In Slavyansk, two people were saved by the five-storey buildings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3696470-u-slovansku-zpid-zavaliv-patipoverhivki-vratuvali-dvoh-ludej.html
Archivists launched the Luhansk region in the flames of a full -scale war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3696471-arhivisti-zapustili-proekt-lugansina-u-polumi-povnomasstabnoi-vijni.html

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====