乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-05-16

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Hirsk, Leonivka, Popivka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4788
At Kupiansk direction Russian army shelled Kamyanka, Topoli, Krasne Pershe, Fyholivka, Novoml...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4789
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka of Luhansk region, Bilohorivka, Verkhnokamy...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4790
JSC Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Grigorivka, Bogdanivka, Bakhmut, Ivanivske, times ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4791
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Steppe, Lastochkine, Avdiivka, Tonyne, Netilo ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4792
JSC Marinka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, St. George, Victory Andes Novomikhai ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4793
JSC Shakhtarskoe Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Kalledar, Novoukrainka And And Western Andes - Gen ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4794
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka, Novopil of Donetsk regi...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4795
Odeska Oblast(18:59). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilneodesa/23219
Kyiv(18:58). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/KyivCityOfficial/6689
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Zaporizhzhya region (18:27). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Su ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45438
Russian army conducted 11 missile strikes, 41 airstrikes and 74 shelling with MLRS, used stri...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4787
Zaporizhzhya region, Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Poltava region, Donetsk region (17:35). Re...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45428
Sumy region, Kharkiv, Kharkiv region (17: SS). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding. ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45430
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(18:28). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24858
Donetsk Oblast(18:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45440
Poltavska Oblast(18:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnepoltava/11161
Ternopil, Ternopil region, Vinnytsia region, Lviv, Lviv region, Chernihiv region, ki ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45455
Kiev region, Rivne, Rivne region, Transcarpathia region, Sumy region (18:59). Red Alrt: Ae ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45460
Donetsk Oblast(19:30). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45485
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(20:17). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45486
Donetsk Oblast(20:57). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45490
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(21:19). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24866
Donetsk Oblast(21:38). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45494
Zaporizka Oblast(22:36). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12870
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(23:01). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45496
Zaporizka Oblast(23:41). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45499
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(23:41). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45500
Donetsk Oblast(00:23). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45504
Nikolaev, Mykolaiv region, Kherson, Kherson region (00:58). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. WITH...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45507
Kirovohradska Oblast(01:00). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45508
Poltavska Oblast(01:01). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45509
Zaporizka Oblast, Odeska Oblast(01:08). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45511
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(01:09). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45512
Cherkaska Oblast(01:12). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45513
Vinnytska Oblast(01:16). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45514
Rivne, Rivne region, Lviv, Lviv region, Ivano-Frankivsk, Ivano-Frankivsk region, Zaka ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45522
Kyiv(01:25). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnenews/20775
Chernihivska Oblast(01:24). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/18620
Kiev region, Zhytomyr, Zhytomyr region (01:25). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding. ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45526
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(01:59). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45527
Donetsk Oblast, Sumska Oblast(02:00). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45529
Kyiv(02:30). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnenews/20781
Kyiv(03:22). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45553
Kyiv Oblast(03:23). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45554
Donetsk Oblast(05:27). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45559
Almost 90% of Belarusians do not have savings because of troubles in the country's economy - Intelligence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/majzhe-90-bilorusiv-ne-mayut-nakopychen-cherez-negarazdy-v-ekonomiczi-krayiny-rozvidka/
The racists fired twice the manganese community, there are destruction and wounded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/rashysty-dvichi-obstrilyaly-marganeczku-gromadu-ye-rujnuvannya-i-poraneni/
Cinematology about special operations
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/kinotrylogiyi-pro-speczoperacziyi-voyiniv-gur-mou-vizmut-uchast-u-mysteczkomu-konkursi/
From June 1, the Polish railway launches additional flights to Ukraine-from Warsaw to Rava-Ruska
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/z-1-chervnya-polska-zaliznyczya-zapuskaye-dodatkovi-rejsy-v-ukrayinu-z-varshavy-do-ravy-ruskoyi/
The President of Ukraine discussed the French President "Fighter Coalition"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/prezydent-ukrayiny-obgovoryv-z-prezydentom-francziyi-koalicziyu-vynyshhuvachiv/
Rashists fired at the Nikopol district of Dnipropetrovsk region - a pre -trial investigation was launched
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/rashysty-obstrilyaly-nikopolskyj-rajon-dnipropetrovshhyny-rozpochato-dosudove-rozsliduvannya/
Rescuers used work in Ternopil to eliminate the consequences of the city's nightlife
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/u-ternopoli-ryatuvalnyky-zastosuvaly-robota-dlya-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-nichnogo-obstrilu-mista/
Formula of Peace and Military Aid: Joint Declaration of Ukraine and French Republic
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/formula-myru-ta-vijskova-dopomoga-spilna-deklaracziya-ukrayiny-ta-franczuzkoyi-respubliky/
These both strike and strike - intercepting GUR about mobilized Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/czi-yak-bastuvaly-tak-i-bastuyut-gurperehoplennya-pro-mobilizovanyh-rosiyan/
The invaders fired the village in Chuguev region - there are dead
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/rashysty-obstrilyaly-selo-na-chuguyivshhyni-ye-zagybli/
At night Russian terrorists again attacked Ukraine with shock drone-Kamikadze
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/vnochi-rosijski-terorysty-znovu-atakuvaly-ukrayinu-udarnymy-dronamy-kamikadze/
In the Donbass - 46 combat clashes, heavy battles for Bakhmut continue
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/na-donbasi-46-bojovyh-zitknen-tryvayut-vazhki-boyi-za-bahmut/
The enemy has caused 41 aviation and 11 rocket strokes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/protyvnyk-zavdav-41-aviaczijnyj-ta-11-raketnyh-udariv/
Three UAVs of enemy-1 and SuperCam are destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/znyshheno-try-bpla-protyvnyka-typu-orlan-10-ta-supercam/
In the south, the occupiers fired at about 40 settlements
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/na-pivdni-okupanty-obstrilyaly-blyzko-40-naselenyh-punktiv/
In the Kherson region, the racists are bribery from the owners of "Rospasport"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/na-hersonshhyni-rashysty-derut-habari-z-vlasnykiv-rospasportiv/
Defense forces per day eliminated nearly 600 invaders, destroyed 21 Artsystem and 11 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-600-okupantiv-znyshhyly-21-artsystemu-ta-11-bbm/
Norway's armed forces will conduct training for 3,200 Ukrainian military
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/zbrojni-syly-norvegiyi-provedut-navchannya-dlya-3-200-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh/
Angelica Terluga's army became a champion in Kumite at Krate 1 Premier League tournament
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/armijka-anzhelika-terlyuga-stala-chempionkoyu-v-kumite-na-turniri-karate-1-premier-league/
The F-16 is the 4+ generation aircraft that is needed today by Ukrainian military aviation-Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/f-16-cze-same-toj-litak-pokolinnya-4-yakyj-potriben-sogodni-ukrayinskij-vijskovij-aviacziyi-yurij-ignat/
On May 16, a round table "Rashism will be held at Military Media Center. Understand to overcome ”
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/16-travnya-u-military-media-center-vidbudetsya-kruglyj-stil-rashyzm-zrozumity-shhob-podolaty/
"Without shock drones in modern war - in no way" - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/15/bez-udarnyh-droniv-v-umovah-suchasnoyi-vijny-niyak-yurij-ignat/
G7 Summit in Japan will guard about 24,000 police officers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3710207-samit-g7-u-aponii-ohoronatimut-blizko-24-tisac-policejskih.html
"Inter" came to the UEFA Champions League final by beat Milan "
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3710206-inter-vijsov-u-final-ligi-cempioniv-uefa-obigravsi-milan.html
In Nikolaev - fires after explosions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3710204-u-mikolaevi-pozezi-pisla-vibuhiv.html
President Zelensky's speech at the opening of the Council of Europe Summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710205-vistup-prezidenta-volodimira-zelenskogo-na-vidkritti-iv-samitu-radi-evropi.html
Zelensky thanked the defenders and defenders of the Ukrainian sky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710202-zelenskij-podakuvav-zahisnikam-i-zahisnicam-ukrainskogo-neba.html
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(20:47). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45588
Macron: Russia should return to Ukraine exported children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710201-makron-rosia-povinna-povernuti-do-ukraini-vivezenih-ditej.html
Ukraine's struggle for democracy and freedom is common to all of Europe - von der Lyen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710199-borotba-ukraini-za-demokratiu-i-svobodu-e-spilnou-dla-vsiei-evropi-fon-der-laen.html
In a number of regions of Ukraine - air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710200-u-nizci-oblastej-ukraini-povitrana-trivoga.html
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Yeline, Medvedivka and Mu...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4798
The number of Russian soldiers on the ZPP increased to 2.5 thousand - Energoatom
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710196-kilkist-rosijskih-vijskovih-na-zaes-zrosla-do-25-tisaci-energoatom.html
AT Kupyansk Directive Russian Army Welled Dvorichansk, Kamyanka, Krasnoye Pershe, Mitrofanivka ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4799
Zelensky announced international measures to grant the Armed Forces new opportunities in the war with Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710209-prezident-anonsuvav-miznarodni-zahodi-dla-nadanna-zsu-novih-mozlivostej-u-vijni-z-rosieu.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka and Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Verkh...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4800
President noted the fighters in the Bakhmut and Tavriysk directions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710194-prezident-vidznaciv-bijciv-na-bahmutskomu-i-tavrijskomu-napramkah.html
JSU Bakhmut Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Grigorivka, Bogdanivka, Bakhmut, Ivanivske, Stuposh ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4801
JSC Avdiivka Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Steppe, Lastochkin, Avdiivka, Pervomaisk And ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4802
Ukraine has agreed with partners on further steps on the mechanism of compensation for destruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710197-ukraina-domovilasa-z-partnerami-pro-podalsi-kroki-sodo-mehanizmu-kompensacij-za-rujnuvanna.html
JSC Marinka Direcion Rusian Army Shelled Krasnogorivka, Acute, St. George, Marinka And ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4803
The White House commented on the President of South Africa to end the war in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710192-bilij-dim-prokomentuvav-propozicii-prezidenta-par-sodo-pripinenna-vijni-v-ukraini.html
JSC Shakhtarskoe Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Kalledar, Wondering, Novoukrainka And And Shah ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4804
Zelensky at the Council of Europe summit urged to act 100% forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710190-zelenskij-na-samiti-radi-evropi-zaklikav-diati-na-100-sil.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Burlatske, Vilne Pole, Novopil of...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4805
In the battles for Bakhmut, a master of nature protection of the Carpathian NPP Andriy Tomashchuk was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710187-u-boah-za-bahmut-zaginuv-majster-z-ohoroni-prirodi-karpatskogo-npp-andrij-tomasuk.html
Sholtz: The war with Russia will not end with the victory of Putin's imperialism
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710186-solc-vijna-z-rosieu-ne-zaversitsa-peremogou-putinskogo-imperializmu.html
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Kupyansk, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka direc...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4806
Zelensky: Together with partners we will make Ukraine's protection against terror as strong as possible
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710191-zelenskij-razom-iz-partnerami-zrobimo-zahist-ukraini-vid-teroru-maksimalno-micnim.html
The State Department called the unfounded detention of the US Embassy Explore in
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3710185-derzdep-nazvav-bezpidstavnim-zatrimanna-eksspivrobitnika-posolstva-ssa-v-rosii.html
Britain and the Netherlands will work together to create a coalition of fighter jets for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710188-britania-i-niderlandi-spilno-pracuvatimut-nad-stvorennam-koalicii-vinisuvaciv-dla-ukraini.html
The enemy for a day fired at Sumy region 20 times - 112 "arrivals"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710184-vorog-za-dobu-20-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-112-prilotiv.html
Catherine Denev read a poem by Lesya Ukrainka at the opening of the Cannes Film Festival
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3710183-katrin-denev-na-vidkritti-kannskogo-kinofestivalu-zacitala-virs-lesi-ukrainki.html
The White House has not confirmed the report of Patriot damage in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710181-bilij-dim-ne-pidtverdiv-povidomlenna-pro-poskodzenna-patriot-v-ukraini.html
On Thursday, Russia convenes the UN Council to "condemn" weapons supply to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710180-u-cetver-rosia-sklikae-radbez-oon-abi-zasuditi-postacanna-zbroi-ukraini.html
Schroeder's wife was released after a visit to the Russian Embassy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710054-druzinu-sredera-zvilnili-pisla-vizitu-v-rosijske-posolstvo.html
The UN International Court of Justice will hold public hearings in Ukraine against Russia in June
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710176-miznarodnij-sud-oon-u-cervni-provede-publicni-sluhanna-u-spravi-ukraina-proti-rosii.html
The enemy fired at the Nikopol District, there is a destruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710147-vorog-obstrilav-nikopolskij-rajon-e-rujnuvanna.html
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovsk region, Zaporizhzhya region (06:09). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Su ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45561
Donetsk Oblast(07:40). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45566
Ukrainian air defense shot down 18 missiles launched by Russian overnight
https://t.me/kpszsu/2519
Air defense shot down a drone over Klintsy. Minor damage in the town
https://t.me/zhest_belgorod/26567
Drone hit border crossing checkpoint at Novye Yurkovichi of Briansk region
https://t.me/shot_shot/51446
Zaporizka Oblast(09:04). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45568
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(09:10). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24879
Explosions reported in Tokmak
https://t.me/info_zp/35725
Donetsk Oblast(09:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45573
5 Russian border guards wounded as result of a drone attack at Glushkovo village of Kursk region
https://t.me/bazabazon/17684
Vinnitsa region, Cherkasy region (10:30). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding. That's the same ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45575
Russian army conducted 2 missile strikes, 48 airstrikes and over 50 shelling with MLRS, - Gen...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4797
5 Ukrainian policemen wounded near Bakhmut in shelling
https://twitter.com/MVS_UA/status/1658393884123168773
East Mall Isa He Fire In Mariupol
https://t.me/mariupolnow/29231
Explosion was audible in Kyiv, possible due to neutralization of UXOs
https://t.me/kievreal1/41092
Explosions were reported in Briansk district
https://t.me/Novoeizdanie/50989
Russian Kartograf drone was shot down in Kharkiv region
https://t.me/suspilnekharkiv/24884
The head of South Africa said that on behalf of African countries he spoke with Putin and Zel...
https://t.me/bbbreaking/155542
Kharkiv, Kharkiv region, Donetsk region (15:19). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens Sounding ....
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45580
2 drones reportedly crashed at Guyevo village in Kursk region
https://t.me/zhest_belgorod/26585
Zaporizka Oblast(16:23). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/12885
A Patriot system was likely damaged but not destroyed by a Russian missile barrage Monday nig...
https://twitter.com/MarquardtA/status/1658508441134981120
Minister of Defense of Ukraine: Ukraine has officially joined the NATO Cooperative Cyber Defence...
https://twitter.com/oleksiireznikov/status/1658513918065508370
Dnipro, Dnipropetrovska Oblast(20:26). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45586
Zaporizka Oblast(20:29). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45587
Air defense was active in Belgorod
https://t.me/belgorod_informant/4164
Poltavska Oblast(20:51). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45589
Donetsk Oblast, Sumska Oblast(20:53). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45591
US NatSec John Kirby: I cannot confirm the reports about the Patriot system being damaged in ...
https://twitter.com/OstapYarysh/status/1658542665556713479
Explosions were reported in Kostiantynivka
https://t.me/war_monitor/7357
Tkachenko told that he addressed the Eurovision organizers about Zelensky's speech
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3710001-tkacenko-rozpoviv-so-ce-vin-zvertavsa-do-organizatoriv-evrobacenna-sodo-vistupu-zelenskogo.html
Rasmussen calls for setting international standards for using artificial intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3710002-rasmussen-zaklikae-vstanoviti-miznarodni-standarti-vikoristanna-stucnogo-intelektu.html
Three sources were created to finance Ukraine's restoration - a deputy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3710004-dla-finansuvanna-vidnovlenna-ukraini-stvorili-tri-dzerela-deputatka.html
Ignatius - About Night Rocket Attack in Ukraine: Russia first used so many "daggers"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710007-ignat-pro-nicnu-ataku-po-ukraini-rosia-vperse-zastosuvala-tak-bagato-kindzaliv.html
Zhevago denies involvement in the bribe by the leadership of the Supreme Court - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3710008-zevago-zaperecue-pricetnist-do-nadanna-habara-kerivnictvu-verhovnogo-sudu-zmi.html
Lviv defense cluster will replace the waste armor, which will create paintings
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3710011-lvivskij-oboronnij-klaster-zaminit-vidpracovani-bronezileti-na-akih-stvorat-kartini.html
Zinchenko was absent in the morning training of Arsenal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3710012-zincenko-buv-vidsutnij-na-rankovomu-trenuvanni-arsenala.html
President of South Africa announced a "peacekeeping mission" to end the Russian Federation with Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710014-prezident-par-anonsuvav-mirotvorcu-misiu-sob-pripiniti-vijnu-rf-z-ukrainou.html
Czech volunteer died of wounds who rescued fighters in eastern Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710016-vid-poranen-pomer-ceskij-volonter-akij-ratuvav-bijciv-na-shodi-ukraini.html
Ludmila Kichenok went out to the quarterfinals of the paired WTA 1000 in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3710021-ludmila-kicenok-vijsla-u-cvertfinal-parnogo-turniru-wta-u-rimi.html
The Russians forbade the employees of the ZPU to communicate with each other - Energoatom
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3710020-rosiani-zaboronili-pracivnikam-zaes-spilkuvatis-miz-sobou-energoatom.html
Ukraine has officially joined the NATO Cyber Security Center
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3710022-ukraina-oficijno-priednalasa-do-centru-kiberzahistu-nato.html
Gerus announced mass opening at the gas stations of fast charging stations
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3710024-gerus-anonsuvav-masove-vidkritta-na-azs-stancij-svidkoi-zaradki-elektrokariv.html
Ova should regulate the issue of CCTV cameras during rocket attacks - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710026-ova-povinni-vreguluvati-pitanna-roboti-kamer-videosposterezenna-pid-cas-raketnih-atak-ignat.html
We won't go out the "We won't go out" tape at the Festival in Canada a special jury distinction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3710028-stricka-mi-ne-zgasnemo-otrimala-na-festivali-u-kanadi-specialnu-vidznaku-zuri.html
In Khmelnytskyi, Ukrzaliznytsia restores the movement of a track that was damaged by Russian fire
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3710031-na-hmelniccini-ukrzaliznica-vidnovlue-ruh-kolieu-aka-bula-poskodzena-obstrilom-rf.html
The Russians at night fired an enterprise that provided Kherson electricity
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3710032-rosiani-unoci-obstrilali-pidpriemstvo-so-zabezpecuvalo-hersonciv-elektroenergieu.html
Germany handed Ukraine 34 more pickups for the military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710035-nimeccina-peredala-ukraini-se-34-pikapi-dla-vijskovih.html
Mass RF attacks rockets and UAVs in May
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710034-raketni-ataki-rf-za-traven.html
Mykolaiv, Mykolayivska Oblast(22:08). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45595
Odeska Oblast(22:10). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilneodesa/23265
Kherson, Kherson region, Vinnytsia region, Kirovohrad region, Kiev region, Zhytomyr, same ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45604
In Russia, there was an explosion on the Yamal-European gas pipeline, there is a dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3710039-u-rosii-stavsa-vibuh-na-gazoprovidi-amalevropa-e-zagiblij.html
Shmigal arrived in Iceland for the Summit of the Council of Europe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710040-smigal-pribuv-v-islandiu-na-samit-radi-evropi.html
The Russian Federation launched "Shahda" from the Bryansk region and from the east coast of the Azov Sea - Ignati
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710043-rf-zapuskala-sahedi-z-branskoi-oblasti-ta-zi-shidnogo-uzberezza-azovskogo-mora-ignat.html
In the north of Italy through flood evacuating the population
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3710044-na-pivnoci-italii-cerez-povin-evakuuut-naselenna.html
Navi lost FAZE and flew from the last major from cs: go
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3710048-navi-prograli-faze-i-viletili-z-ostannogo-mazoru-z-csgo.html
Rivne, Rivnenska Oblast, Khmelnytska Oblast(22:34). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45606
The students of the Ukrainian Saturday School in Vienna attended the exhibition of Ivan Marchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3710049-ucni-ukrainskoi-subotnoi-skoli-u-vidni-vidvidali-vistavku-ivana-marcuka.html
Ternopil, Ternopil region, Chernivtsi region (22: Secondary School). Red Alrt: Aerial Tchretate. Sirens so ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/45608
Dzhokovich set a new record at the ATR tournament of the Masters Series in Rome
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3710050-dzokovic-vstanoviv-novij-rekord-na-turniri-atr-serii-masters-u-rimi.html
The State Duma of the Russian Federation denied a treaty on ordinary armed forces in Europe
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3710051-derzduma-rf-denonsuvala-dogovir-pro-zvicajni-zbrojni-sili-v-evropi.html
WHO urged to use artificial intelligence in the health care field carefully
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3710056-vooz-zaklikala-oberezno-vikoristovuvati-stucnij-intelekt-u-sferi-ohoroni-zdorova.html
It is known when Shakhtar and Dnipro-1 will hold a champion match
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3710052-vidomo-koli-sahtar-i-dnipro1-provedut-cempionskij-matc.html
Zelenskaya discussed with Korea President the need for air defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710060-zelenska-obgovorila-z-prezidentom-korei-potrebu-u-zasobah-ppo.html
Defense forces per day were destroyed in the Tavriya direction beyond the mouth of the Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710061-sili-oboroni-za-dobu-znisili-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-ponad-rotu-rosian.html
The Armed Forces was released about 20 km² under Bakhmut, heavy fights are ongoing in the city
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710064-zsu-zvilnili-blizko-20-km-pid-bahmutom-u-misti-trivaut-vazki-boi-malar.html
Bishop of the UGCC visited the faithful in Sydney and Studgolzi
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3710065-vladika-ugkc-vidvidav-virnih-u-sidnei-ta-vullongonzi.html
Airline Expanding: The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine reminded Georgia, why is the world isolates the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710066-rozsirenna-aviaspolucenna-mzs-ukraini-nagadalo-gruzii-naviso-svit-izolue-rf.html
Journalist: In the 2023/24 UPL season can expand up to 20 clubs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3710067-zurnalist-u-sezoni-202324-upl-moze-rozsiritisa-do-20-klubiv.html
The judges of the Supreme Court voted for expressing the distrust of Knyazev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3710076-suddi-verhovnogo-sudu-progolosuvali-za-vislovlenna-nedoviri-knazevu.html
Ukraine for recovery may need $ 250 billion - EBRD
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3710075-ukraini-dla-vidnovlenna-moze-znadobitis-250-milardiv-ebrr.html
Azovstali defenders asked the President for help
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3710077-rodici-zahisnikiv-azovstali-poprosili-prezidenta-pro-dopomogu.html
Britain will join the Agreement on Register of Damage from Aggression
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3710081-britania-priednaetsa-do-ugodi-pro-reestr-zbitkiv-vid-agresii-rf-na-samiti-u-rejkaviku.html
Supermarket damaged as result of missile strike in Mykolaiv
https://t.me/mykolaivskaODA/5075
Forecasters predict precipitation with strong wind in the western regions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3710013-sinoptiki-prognozuut-opadi-z-silnim-vitrom-u-zahidnih-oblastah.html
France has allocated € 7 million for housing for Mariupol
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3710083-francia-vidilila-7-miljoniv-na-oblastuvanna-zitla-dla-mariupolciv.html
Zavatska successfully started in the main network of 100 thousand in Madrid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3710085-zavacka-uspisno-startuvala-v-osnovnij-sitci-100tisacnika-u-madridi.html
In Nikolaev, an exhibition of a famous embroidery was opened within the framework of the Cycle "Beregin of Ukraine"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3710088-u-mikolaevi-vidkrili-vistavku-vidomoi-visivalnici-u-ramkah-ciklu-beregini-ukraini.html
In Chernihiv region through shelling - large -scale forest fires
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3710095-na-cernigivsini-cerez-obstrili-masstabni-lisovi-pozezi.html
Ukraine in the first quarter exported goods for $ 10.3 billion - State Statistics Committee
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3710091-ukraina-v-i-kvartali-eksportuvala-tovariv-na-103-milarda-derzstat.html
Kyivstar updated the LOVE UA patriotic line for prepayment rates
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3710097-kiivstar-onoviv-patrioticnu-linijku-love-ua-dla-tarifiv-peredoplati.html
US exhibit in Moscow urged to resolve any issues with Russia from the position of force
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710102-eksposol-ssa-v-moskvi-zaklikav-virisuvati-budaki-pitanna-z-rosieu-z-pozicii-sili.html
Ministor on Wednesday presents an updated platform action. Education
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3710103-mincifri-u-seredu-prezentue-onovlenu-platformu-diaosvita.html
WBA is considering the replacement of Duba in battle against Usik
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3710105-wba-rozgladae-zaminu-dubua-u-bou-proti-usika.html
Ukraine prepares the power system for winter, taking into account possible military threats - Galushchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3710107-ukraina-gotue-energosistemu-do-zimi-z-urahuvannam-mozlivih-vijskovih-zagroz-galusenko.html
Plenum date from the election of a new Supreme Court will be announced in the coming days
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3710109-datu-plenumu-z-obranna-novogo-golovi-verhovnogo-sudu-ogolosat-u-najblizci-dni.html
PACE President plans to visit Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710110-prezident-pare-planue-vidvidati-ukrainu.html
The Ministry of Finance has placed the T -bills for more than ₴ 7 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3710113-minfin-rozmistiv-ovdp-na-bils-ak-7-milardiv.html
Ukraine and the IMF discussed fiscal and budgetary policies
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3710115-ukraina-i-mvf-obgovorili-fiskalnobudzetnu-politiku.html
In Zaporozhye detained an exhillionist who wanted to join the "Wagner"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3710116-u-zaporizzi-zatrimali-eksmilicionera-akij-hotiv-priednatisa-do-vagnerivciv.html
The Ukrainian received the International Mention "Voices of Courage" in Washington
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3710118-ukrainka-otrimala-u-vasingtoni-miznarodnu-vidznaku-golosi-horobrosti.html
The level of payments to producers of electricity at the "green tariff" in 2023 increased - Herus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3710121-riven-viplat-virobnikam-elektroenergii-za-zelenim-tarifom-u-2023-roci-pidvisivsa-gerus.html
Russia's potential to offensive actions is completely exhausted - Budanov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710124-potencial-rosii-do-nastupalnih-dij-absolutno-vicerpanij-budanov.html
In Canada, over 30,000 people have evacuated through forest fires
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3710123-u-kanadi-cerez-lisovi-pozezi-evakuuvali-ponad-30-tisac-ludej.html
The US has declared sanctions against Russian hacker and reward for information about it
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3710125-ssa-ogolosili-sankcii-proti-rosijskogo-hakera-ta-vinagorodu-za-informaciu-pro-nogo.html
In Moscow, a Colombian was sentenced to 5 years in the case of fakes about the Russian army
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3710127-u-moskvi-do-5-rokiv-zasudili-kolumbijca-u-spravi-sodo-fejkiv-pro-rosijsku-armiu.html
The number of Victims of the Mokco cyclone in Myanmar increased to 32
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3710128-kilkist-zertv-ciklonu-mokko-u-manmi-zrosla-do-32.html
The Swedish Parliament delegation visited Borodyanka, Bucha and Irpin
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710130-delegacia-svedskogo-parlamentu-vidvidala-borodanku-bucu-ta-irpin.html
The German company will produce six radars for the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710132-nimecka-kompania-vigotovit-sist-radariv-dla-zsu.html
The Armed Forces reflected attacks in the Marinka area, 44 combat clashes took place in the east
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710137-zsu-vidbili-ataki-v-rajoni-marinki-na-shodi-vidbulosa-44-bojovih-zitknenna.html
Budanov: 80% of Prigogine's statements are pure truth
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710134-budanov-80-zaav-prigozina-e-cistou-pravdou.html
The government has allocated more than ₴ 4 billion to the Equinal Program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3710138-urad-vidiliv-ponad-4-milardi-na-programu-evidnovlenna.html
The Russians fired a village in Kherson region - three children were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710141-rosiani-obstrilali-selise-na-hersonsini-postrazdali-troe-ditej.html
The General Staff clarified night attack data: Ukrainian defenders destroyed 25 rockets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710142-genstab-utocniv-dani-pro-nicnu-ataku-ukrainski-zahisniki-znisili-25-raket.html
The Cadet team will perform at the Polish stage of European Cup of Judo among the Cadets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3710143-zbirna-ukraini-sered-kadetiv-vistupit-na-polskomu-etapi-kubka-evropi-z-dzudo.html
"Dryad. Forest Song »has collected more than 145 million in the Ukrainian box office
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3710146-mavka-lisova-pisna-zibrala-v-ukrainskomu-prokati-vze-ponad-145-miljoniv.html
The Government has approved the procedure for using the Defense Procurement Agency
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710160-urad-zatverdiv-poradok-vikoristanna-kostiv-agencieu-oboronnih-zakupivel.html
GUR involved Shevchenko deputy for contacts with Belarus - Budanov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710148-gur-zalucalo-deputata-sevcenka-dla-kontaktiv-iz-bilorussu-budanov.html
Ukraine is already using the Storm Shadow missile army - CNN
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710149-ukraina-vze-vikoristovue-proti-armii-rf-raketi-storm-shadow-cnn.html
Possible impact on the election to the CCCS: The High Council of Justice prepares letters for NABU and SAP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3710150-mozlivij-vpliv-na-obranna-do-vkks-visa-rada-pravosudda-gotue-listi-do-nabu-ta-sap.html
The Summit of the Council of Europe will focus on Russia's responsibility for the crime of aggression - von der Lyen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3710151-samit-radi-evropi-zoseredit-uvagu-na-vidpovidalnosti-rosii-za-zlocin-agresii-fon-der-laen.html
In the Nikolaev air aircraft destroyed two Russian drones
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710152-na-mikolaivsini-ppo-znisila-dva-rosijski-bezpilotniki.html
Sakna plans to discuss with European leaders long -term safety plans for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710156-sunak-planue-obgovoriti-z-evropejskimi-liderami-dovgostrokovi-plani-bezpeki-dla-ukraini.html
The Amsterdam Court of Appeal allowed Squares to stay in the Yandex Director's House
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3710157-apelacijnij-sud-amsterdama-dozvoliv-skvoteram-zalisitisa-u-budinku-eksdirektora-andeksa.html
France issued a warrant for the arrest of the head of the Central Bank of Lebanon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3710158-francia-vidala-order-na-arest-golovi-centralnogo-banku-livanu.html
Warsaw wants to play a leading role in the post -war reconstruction of Ukraine - the Foreign Ministry of Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3710161-varsava-hoce-vidigravati-providnu-rol-u-povoennij-vidbudovi-ukraini-mzs-polsi.html
The Government has made changes to a resolution on the norms of the military of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710162-urad-vnis-zmini-do-postanovi-pro-normi-harcuvanna-vijskovih-zsu.html
NABU declared suspicion to the chairman of the Supreme Court to Knyazev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3710164-nabu-ogolosilo-pidozru-golovi-verhovnogo-sudu-knazevu.html
Futsal national team received rivals in the final tournament of Junior Euro-2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3710165-zbirna-ukraini-z-futzalu-otrimala-supernikiv-u-finalnomu-turniri-uniorskogo-evro2023.html
Danilov does not believe that Prigogine is an independent figure
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710167-danilov-ne-virit-so-prigozin-e-samostijnou-figurou.html
Shmigal met with Iceland's premiere
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710169-smigal-zustrivsa-iz-premerkou-islandii.html
The EU has appointed a new head of the EU Civilian Advisory Mission in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710171-evrosouz-priznaciv-novogo-golovu-civilnoi-doradcoi-misii-es-v-ukraini.html
Poland wants to renew the work of all its consulates in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710172-polsa-hoce-ponoviti-robotu-vsih-svoih-konsulstv-v-ukraini.html
Yastremskaya made his way to the 1/8 finals of the WTA tournament in Florence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3710174-astremska-probilasa-do-18-finalu-turniru-wta-u-florencii.html
Editor/editor to work on the site
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3709517-ukrinform-sukae-redaktora-sajtu.html
The UN International Court of Justice will hold public hearings in Ukraine against Russia in June
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710176-miznarodnij-sud-oon-u-cervni-provede-publicni-sluhanna-u-spravi-ukraina-proti-rosii.html
Schroeder's wife was released after a visit to the Russian Embassy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710054-druzinu-sredera-zvilnili-pisla-vizitu-v-rosijske-posolstvo.html
On Thursday, Russia convenes the UN Council to "condemn" weapons supply to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710180-u-cetver-rosia-sklikae-radbez-oon-abi-zasuditi-postacanna-zbroi-ukraini.html
The White House has not confirmed the report of Patriot damage in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710181-bilij-dim-ne-pidtverdiv-povidomlenna-pro-poskodzenna-patriot-v-ukraini.html
Catherine Denev read a poem by Lesya Ukrainka at the opening of the Cannes Film Festival
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3710183-katrin-denev-na-vidkritti-kannskogo-kinofestivalu-zacitala-virs-lesi-ukrainki.html
The enemy for a day fired at Sumy region 20 times - 112 "arrivals"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710184-vorog-za-dobu-20-raziv-obstrilav-prikordonna-sumsini-112-prilotiv.html
Britain and the Netherlands will work together to create a coalition of fighter jets for Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710188-britania-i-niderlandi-spilno-pracuvatimut-nad-stvorennam-koalicii-vinisuvaciv-dla-ukraini.html
The State Department called the unfounded detention of the US Embassy Explore in
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3710185-derzdep-nazvav-bezpidstavnim-zatrimanna-eksspivrobitnika-posolstva-ssa-v-rosii.html
Zelensky: Together with partners we will make Ukraine's protection against terror as strong as possible
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710191-zelenskij-razom-iz-partnerami-zrobimo-zahist-ukraini-vid-teroru-maksimalno-micnim.html
Sholtz: The war with Russia will not end with the victory of Putin's imperialism
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710186-solc-vijna-z-rosieu-ne-zaversitsa-peremogou-putinskogo-imperializmu.html
In the battles for Bakhmut, a master of nature protection of the Carpathian NPP Andriy Tomashchuk was killed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710187-u-boah-za-bahmut-zaginuv-majster-z-ohoroni-prirodi-karpatskogo-npp-andrij-tomasuk.html
Zelensky at the Council of Europe summit urged to act 100% forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710190-zelenskij-na-samiti-radi-evropi-zaklikav-diati-na-100-sil.html
The White House commented on the President of South Africa to end the war in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710192-bilij-dim-prokomentuvav-propozicii-prezidenta-par-sodo-pripinenna-vijni-v-ukraini.html
Ukraine has agreed with partners on further steps on the mechanism of compensation for destruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710197-ukraina-domovilasa-z-partnerami-pro-podalsi-kroki-sodo-mehanizmu-kompensacij-za-rujnuvanna.html
President noted the fighters in the Bakhmut and Tavriysk directions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710194-prezident-vidznaciv-bijciv-na-bahmutskomu-i-tavrijskomu-napramkah.html
Zelensky announced international measures to grant the Armed Forces new opportunities in the war with Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710209-prezident-anonsuvav-miznarodni-zahodi-dla-nadanna-zsu-novih-mozlivostej-u-vijni-z-rosieu.html
The number of Russian soldiers on the ZPP increased to 2.5 thousand - Energoatom
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710196-kilkist-rosijskih-vijskovih-na-zaes-zrosla-do-25-tisaci-energoatom.html
In a number of regions of Ukraine - air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710200-u-nizci-oblastej-ukraini-povitrana-trivoga.html
Ukraine's struggle for democracy and freedom is common to all of Europe - von der Lyen
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710199-borotba-ukraini-za-demokratiu-i-svobodu-e-spilnou-dla-vsiei-evropi-fon-der-laen.html
Macron: Russia should return to Ukraine exported children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710201-makron-rosia-povinna-povernuti-do-ukraini-vivezenih-ditej.html
Zelensky thanked the defenders and defenders of the Ukrainian sky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710202-zelenskij-podakuvav-zahisnikam-i-zahisnicam-ukrainskogo-neba.html
President Zelensky's speech at the opening of the Council of Europe Summit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3710205-vistup-prezidenta-volodimira-zelenskogo-na-vidkritti-iv-samitu-radi-evropi.html
In Nikolaev - fires after explosions
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3710204-u-mikolaevi-pozezi-pisla-vibuhiv.html
"Inter" came to the UEFA Champions League final by beat Milan "
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3710206-inter-vijsov-u-final-ligi-cempioniv-uefa-obigravsi-milan.html
G7 Summit in Japan will guard about 24,000 police officers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3710207-samit-g7-u-aponii-ohoronatimut-blizko-24-tisac-policejskih.html
Artillerymen of the Navy of the Armed Forces of Ukraine destroyed Russian 2C4 "Tulip"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/artylerysty-vms-zs-ukrayiny-znyshhyly-rosijskyj-2s4-tyulpan/
Ukrainians in Abu Dhabi will hold a large-scale event for embroidery day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/ukrayinczi-v-abu-dabi-provedut-masshtabnu-podiyu-do-dnya-vyshyvanky/
Estonian sappers are ready to help Ukraine in demining territories
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/estonski-sapery-gotovi-dopomogty-ukrayini-u-rozminuvanni-terytorij/
The Russian Federation will not calm down as long as it exists in the current limits - Alexei Danilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/rf-ne-zaspokoyitsya-dopoky-isnuvatyme-v-nynishnih-mezhah-oleksij-danilov/
More than 150,000 occupiers remain in the temporarily occupied territories of southern Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/na-okupovanyh-terytoriyah-pivdnya-ukrayiny-zalyshayetsya-ponad-150-tysyach-okupantiv/
With the assistance of the Ministry of Reintegration, a number of international humanitarian conventions have been translated
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/za-spryyannya-minreintegracziyi-zdijsneno-pereklad-nyzky-konvenczij-z-mizhnarodnogo-gumanitarnogo-prava/
“The Wagnerovtsy car drove up. I don't know where my Oksana is now " - cross -country gor
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/pod%d1%8aehala-mashyna-vagnerovczev-ya-ne-znayu-gde-moya-oksana-teper-perehoplennya-gur/
Missile troops and artillery of defense forces struck 3 management points, 5 stations of the IP and a warehouse with ammunition of Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/raketni-vijska-i-artyleriya-syl-oborony-vrazyly-3-punkty-upravlinnya-5-stanczij-reb-ta-sklad-z-boyeprypasamy-rosiyan/
The occupiers again struck a massive blow to Ukraine, applied missiles of different types
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/cziyeyi-doby-okupanty-znovu-zavdaly-masovanogo-udaru-po-ukrayini-zastosuvaly-rakety-riznyh-typiv/
49 combat clashes took place in 4 sections of the front last day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/na-4-dilyankah-frontu-mynuloyi-doby-vidbulosya-49-bojovyh-zitknen/
In Donetsk, Rashists continue to use schools to base their equipment and soldiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/na-donechchyni-rashysty-prodovzhuyut-vykorystovuvaty-shkoly-dlya-bazuvannya-svoyeyi-tehniky-ta-soldat/
Ukrainian defenders per day eliminated more than 500 invaders, destroyed 13 artisplants and 12 BBM
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-likviduvaly-ponad-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-13-artsystem-i-12-bbm/
In Uzhgorod, a meeting of representatives of the coordination headquarters with families of captive defenders took place
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/v-uzhgorodi-vidbulasya-vyyizna-zustrich-predstavnykiv-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-z-rodynamy-polonenyh-zahysnykiv/
The air defense forces destroyed all 18 rockets that the Russian Federation attacked Ukraine - the Commander -in -Chief of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/syly-ppo-znyshhyly-usi-18-raket-yakymy-rf-atakuvala-ukrayinu-golovnokomanduvach-zsu/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
The US Ambassador to Ukraine thanked for the powerful work of Ukrainian air defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/posol-ssha-v-ukrayini-podyakuvala-za-potuzhnu-robotu-ukrayinskoyi-ppo/
Alexei Reznikov: German PZH 2000 will give Ukraine an advantage on the battlefield, the occupiers will not like it
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/oleksij-reznikov-nimeczka-sau-pzh-2000-nadast-ukrayini-perevagu-na-poli-boyu-okupantam-cze-ne-spodobayetsya/
Our capital has always been a priority target for the enemy - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/nasha-stolyczya-zavzhdy-bula-priorytetnoyu-czillyu-dlya-voroga-yurij-ignat/
Ukraine will receive a new field hospital from Iceland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/ukrayina-otrymaye-vid-islandiyi-novyj-polovyj-shpytal/
How to get a direction on VLK
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/yak-otrymaty-napravlennya-na-vlk/
Foreign ambassadors were introduced to the problem of liberation of Ukrainian prisoners of war - the Foreign Ministry
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/inozemnyh-posliv-oznajomyly-z-problematykoyu-zvilnennya-ukrayinskyh-vijskovopolonenyh-mzs/
Jens Stoltenberg: We will continue the support of Ukraine as much as required
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/gensek-nato-u-rozmovi-z-prezydentom-polshhi-prodovzhuvatymemo-pidtrymku-ukrayiny-stilky-skilky-bude-potribno/
During the day, rescuers went to eliminate the consequences of enemy shelling almost 200 times
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-majzhe-200-raziv-vyyizhdzhaly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-5/
Alexei Reznikov About the Night Rocket Attack of the Russian Federation: Another incredible success of Ukrainian Air Force
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/oleksij-reznikov-pro-nichnu-raketnu-ataku-rf-chergovyj-nejmovirnyj-uspih-ukrayinskyh-povitryanyh-syl/
During the day of the Pyrotechnics of the SES, more than 2000 explosive items were neutralized
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-2000-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
Lithuanian instructors have taught more than 1000 Ukrainian military, still 1000 by the end of the year
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/lytovski-instruktory-navchyly-ponad-1000-ukrayinskyh-vijskovyh-ishhe-1000-navchat-do-kinczya-roku/
Army Roman Gladysh won silver at international cycling competitions in the Czech Republic
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/armiyecz-roman-gladysh-zdobuv-sriblo-na-mizhnarodnyh-zmagannyah-z-velotreku-v-chehiyi/
The coordination headquarters discussed activity in the media space of relatives of prisoners of defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-obgovoryly-pytannya-aktyvnosti-v-mediaprostori-rodychiv-polonenyh-oboroncziv/
The Ukrainian military will soon begin training on American M1 Abrams tanks in Germany - Pentagon
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/ukrayinski-vijskovi-nevdovzi-rozpochnut-navchannya-na-amerykanskyh-tankah-m1-abrams-u-nimechchyni-pentagon/
During the day Russia fired 125 settlements of Ukraine, are dead and injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/za-dobu-rosiya-obstrilyala-125-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-ye-zagybli-ta-poraneni/
In Chernihiv, terroborons train to destroy enemy forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/na-chernigivshhyni-teroboronczi-trenuyutsya-znyshhuvaty-vorozhi-syly/
Russia brought two rocket towers with eight "caliber" to the Black Sea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/rosiya-vyvela-u-chorne-more-dva-raketonosiyi-z-vismoma-kalibramy/
The Supreme Commander -in -Chief Bridge was adjusted
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/na-stavczi-verhovnogo-golovnokomanduvacha-skoryguvaly-grafik-postachannya-ozbroyennya-ta-boyeprypasiv/
President of Ukraine: The sustainability and courage of our soldiers in the battles now is the independence of Ukraine that will always be
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/prezydent-ukrayiny-stijkist-i-vidvaga-nashyh-voyiniv-u-boyah-zaraz-cze-nezalezhnist-ukrayiny-yaka-bude-zavzhdy/
Sergey Nayev visited the teaching of terroborons in Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/sergij-nayev-vidvidav-navchannya-teroboroncziv-na-chernigivshhyni/
This year, the city of Pilgrimage Lurds visited 14,000 soldiers from 38 countries - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/czogorich-misto-palomnycztva-lyurd-vidvidaly-14-tysyach-vijskovyh-z-38-krayin-ganna-malyar/
The racists make the captives sing songs of the Soviet era and invite "professors" for fake history lessons
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/rashysty-zmushuyut-polonenyh-spivaty-pisni-radyanskoyi-doby-i-zaproshuyut-profesuru-dlya-urokiv-fejkovoyi-istoriyi/
The British military conducted comprehensive training with the Armed Forces warriors as part of the Interflex Operation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/brytanski-vijskovi-provely-kompleksni-navchannya-z-voyinamy-zsu-v-ramkah-operacziyi-interfleks/
By the age of 15, another deputy of the State Duma of the Russian Federation was convicted of the lattice, who voted for recognition "L/DNR"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/do-15-rokiv-tyurmy-zasudzheno-shhe-odnogo-deputata-derzhdumy-rf-yakyj-golosuvav-za-vyznannya-l-dnr/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: more than 87 thousand military crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-87-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
GUR reacted to reports on the probable contacts of Prigozhin with Ukrainian intelligence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/u-gur-vidreaguvaly-na-povidomlennya-pro-jmovirni-kontakty-prigozhyna-z-ukrayinskoyu-rozvidkoyu/
Only constant planned training will help to prepare for real fighting - Dmitry Krasilnikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/lyshe-postijni-planovi-navchannya-dopomozhut-pidgotuvaty-soldativ-do-realnyh-bojovyh-dij-dmytro-krasylnykov/
Timely providing Ukraine with F-16 aircraft will save more lives and bring the end of the war-Alexei Danilov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/vchasne-nadannya-litakiv-f-16-vryatuye-bilshe-zhyttiv-j-nablyzyt-zakinchennya-vijny-oleksij-danilov/
The indefinite action of donor blood is underway "Your blood can fight. Become a donor!”
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/tryvaye-bezstrokova-akcziya-zdachi-donorskoyi-krovi-tvoya-krov-mozhe-voyuvaty-stan-donorom/
Ukraine has officially joined the Center for Genuine experience of joint NATO cyber defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/ukrayina-oficzijno-pryyednalasya-do-czentru-peredovogo-dosvidu-spilnogo-kiberzahystu-nato/
He approved the war against Ukraine and was a supporter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/shvalyuvav-vijnu-proty-ukrayiny-ta-buv-pryhylnykom-vagnerivcziv-na-zaporizhzhi-zatrymano-kolaboranta/
The Russians on the ZPP intensified control of atomicists: banned employees to communicate with each other
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/na-zaes-okupanty-posylyly-kontrol-nad-praczivnykamy-zaboronyly-atomnykam-spilkuvatys-mizh-soboyu/
How to act in the event of an attack by drone-Kamikadze
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/yak-diyaty-u-razi-ataky-droniv-kamikadze/
Ukraine has received 34 pickups for the military from Germany
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/ukrayina-otrymala-vid-nimechchyny-shhe-34-pikapy-dlya-vijskovyh/
In a few days, the defense forces released 20 square meters. km under Bakhmut - Anna Painter
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/za-dekilka-dniv-syly-oborony-zvilnyly-20-kv-km-pid-bahmutom-ganna-malyar/
The behavior of Russian servicemen is similar to the actions of adherents of totalitarian sects - Colonel Vladimir Petukhov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/povedinka-rosijskyh-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-shozha-na-diyi-adeptiv-totalitarnyh-sekt-polkovnyk-volodymyr-petuhov/
The 52nd Conference of NATO Military Educational Institutions took place
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/vidbulasya-52-ga-konferencziya-nachalnykiv-vijskovyh-navchalnyh-zakladiv-nato/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 13 strokes on enemy concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-13-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
The invaders try to take out the stolen grain on the Syrian Syrian Syrian
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/zagarbnyky-namagayutsya-vyvezty-vykradene-zerno-na-pidsankczijnomu-syrijskomu-sudni-souria/
There were 44 combat collisions in the four sections of the front during the day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/na-4-dilyankah-frontu-protyagom-doby-vidbulosya-44-bojovyh-zitknen/
The enemy terrorizes the south of Ukraine with managed airbams - Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/vorog-teroryzuye-pivden-ukrayiny-kerovanymy-aviabombamy-nataliya-gumenyuk/
Circumstation Circumstances: What should you know
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/dovidka-pro-obstavyny-travmy-shho-treba-znaty/
Night missile attack and its consequences became a leitmotif of discussions in pro-Russian telegrams-Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/nichna-raketna-ataka-ta-yiyi-naslidky-staly-lejtmotyvom-obgovoren-v-prorosijskyh-telegram-kanalah-ganna-malyar/
The Hague continues the conference: the international community is concerned about using chemical weapons by Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/u-gaazi-tryvaye-konferencziya-mizhnarodna-spilnota-sturbovana-vykorystannyam-himichnoyi-zbroyi-rosiyanamy/
In the Nikolaev air aircraft destroyed two enemy drones
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/na-mykolayivshhyni-ppo-znyshhyla-dva-vorozhi-bezpilotnyky/
Kharkiv border guards landed the Russian UAV "Cartographer"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/harkivski-prykordonnyky-pryzemlyly-rosijskyj-bpla-kartograf/
Together with the partners of Ukraine we will make protection against terror as strong as possible - the appeal of the President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/razom-iz-partneramy-ukrayiny-zrobymo-zahyst-vid-teroru-maksymalno-micznym-zvernennya-prezydenta-volodymyra-zelenskogo/
Ukrainian artillerymen destroyed a self -propelled gun of the occupiers 2C5
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/ukrayinski-artylerysty-znyshhyly-samohidnu-garmatu-okupantiv-2s5/
A woman and three children were injured as a result of another shelling of Kherson region - an investigation has been started
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/16/postrazhdala-zhinka-i-troye-ditej-vnaslidok-chergovogo-obstrilu-hersonshhyny-rozpochato-rozsliduvannya/
Kyiv(22:09). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/KyivCityOfficial/6708
In Ukraine - a bust of air anxiety
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710210-v-ukraini-vidbij-povitranoi-trivogi.html
Hockey World Championship: Victory of Denmark, Norway, Switzerland, France's defeat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3710208-cempionat-svitu-z-hokeu-peremogi-danii-norvegii-svejcarii-ta-ugorsini.html
Hockey World Championship: Victory of Denmark, Norway, Switzerland, France's defeat
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3710208-cempionat-svitu-z-hokeu-peremogi-danii-norvegii-svejcarii-ta-ugorsini.html
In Ukraine - a bust of air anxiety
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3710210-v-ukraini-vidbij-povitranoi-trivogi.html
State Department on Russian Flights to Georgia: It is not time to strengthen cooperation with Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3710212-derzdep-pro-aviarejsi-rf-do-gruzii-ne-cas-posiluvati-spivpracu-z-rosieu.html
Short. War. Day 447. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/17/korotko-vijna-den-447-videodajdzhest/
UkrPoshta ” released audiostyles with stories of military and volunteers to assemble on drones for the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/05/17/ukrposhta-vypustyla-audiolystivky-z-istoriyamy-vijskovyh-i-volonteriv-shhob-zibraty-na-drony-dlya-zsu/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====