乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-14

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

The first lady, along with the military, met with children who showed personal heroism during the war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/persha-ledi-razom-z-vijskovymy-zustrilasya-z-ditmy-yaki-proyavyly-osobystyj-geroyizm-pid-chas-vijny/
At night the Russians hit the residential p ’.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/unochi-rosiyany-vdaryly-po-zhytlovij-pyatypoverhivczi-u-kryvomu-rozi-ye-postrazhdali/
The invaders are actively exporting looted property from the flooded settlements of Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/zagarbnyky-aktyvno-vyvozyat-nagrabovane-majno-iz-zatoplenyh-naselenyh-punktiv-hersonshhyny/
President on Russian attack on Kryvyi Rih: Russian killers continue war against ordinary people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/prezydent-pro-ataku-rf-na-kryvyj-rig-rosijski-vbyvczi-prodovzhuyut-vijnu-proty-zvychajnyh-lyudej/
The Armed Forces missile troops were eliminated by three management points and three enemy artillery units
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/raketni-vijska-zsu-likviduvaly-try-punkty-upravlinnya-ta-try-artylerijski-pidrozdily-voroga/
The government has expanded the list of services that veterans and their families can get in CNAPs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/uryad-rozshyryv-perelik-poslug-yaki-veterany-ta-yihni-simyi-mozhut-otrymaty-v-cznapah/
Representative of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Angelika Terluga won the "gold" of karate tournament in Japan
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/predstavnyczya-zs-ukrayiny-anzhelika-terlyuga-vygrala-zoloto-turniru-z-karate-u-yaponiyi/
The Armed Forces partially left the occupiers without connection in the Swativ-Kupyan direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/zsu-chastkovo-zalyshyly-okupantiv-bez-zvyazku-na-svativsko-kupyanskomu-napryamku/
The Forum "Respect. Experience. Perspective ”, dedicated to dialogue about the needs of veterans
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/u-kyyevi-vidbudetsya-forum-povaga-dosvid-perspektyva-prysvyachenyj-dialogu-pro-potreby-veteraniv/
The Red Cross is actively working with the Coordination Staff team
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/chervonyh-hrest-aktyvno-spivpraczyuye-z-komandoyu-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu/
The notification of inhuman occupation of occupiers in Kherson region is shocking - Bridget Brink
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/povidomlennya-pro-nelyudske-povodzhennya-okupnativ-v-hersoni-ye-shokuyuchymy-bridzhyt-brink/
In Melitopol, the occupiers were banned from receiving certificates for graduates who do not have a passport of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/u-melitopoli-okupanty-zaboronyly-otrymaty-atestat-vypusknykam-yaki-ne-mayut-pasporta-rf/
Enemy loss per day: Almost 500 invaders were eliminated, 20 artisystems and 6 BBM were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-majzhe-500-okupantiv-znyshheno-20-artsystem-i-6-bbm/
Moldova sent help to eliminate the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/moldova-napravyla-dopomogu-dlya-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
Where to seek psychological assistance to the victims of Kakhovskaya Hydroe Public Hydroment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/kudy-zvertatysya-za-psyhologichnoyu-dopomogoyu-postrazhdalym-vid-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
30 settlements in Kherson and 31 remain flooded in the Nikolaev area - Denis Shmigal
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/pidtoplenymy-zalyshayutsya-30-naselenyh-punktiv-na-hersonshhyni-ta-31-na-mykolayivshhyni-denys-shmygal/
Detained FSB agent who spied on the centers of preparation of the Armed Forces for counter -offensive
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/zatrymano-agenta-fsb-yakyj-shpyguvav-za-czentramy-pidgotovky-zsu-do-kontrnastupu/
Latvia has allocated 430 thousand euros to eliminate the effects of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/latviya-vydilyla-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-rujnuvannya-kahovskoyi-ges-430-tysyach-yevro/
NATO Allies Support for Ukraine changes the situation on the battlefield - Jens Stoltenberg
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/pidtrymka-soyuznykiv-po-nato-dlya-ukrayiny-zminyuye-sytuacziyu-na-poli-boyu-yens-stoltenberg/
The Government has decided to overcome the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/uryad-uhvalyv-rishennya-shhodo-podolannya-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
We have a very rigid duel: the Ministry of Defense told about nine days of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722967-maemo-duze-zorstkij-dvobij-u-minoboroni-rozpovili-pro-devat-dniv-nastupu-zsu.html
In the south, infectious hubs have been launched - they will also do quick cholera tests
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722935-na-pivdni-rozgornuli-infekcijni-habi-robitimut-j-svidki-testi-na-holeru.html
Expert: Deposit on the Implementation of the Law on Education
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722934-ekspert-vidkladenna-implementacii-zakonu-pro-osvitu-ce-pidgotovka-do-vilnuskogo-samitu.html
Blinken on Sunday plans to visit China
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722865-blinken-u-nedilu-planue-vidvidati-kitaj.html
More than a million inhabitants of Dnipropetrovsk can be left without water
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722855-ponad-miljon-ziteliv-dnipropetrovsini-mozut-zalisitisa-bez-vodi.html
Ukraine's male national team won Belgium in Golden Euroliz from Volleyball
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723000-colovica-zbirna-ukraini-peremogla-belgiu-v-zolotij-evrolizi-z-volejbolu.html
In Israel presented the first of a hypersonic interception system
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3722998-v-izraili-predstavili-persu-u-svoemu-rodi-sistemu-giperzvukovogo-perehoplenna.html
Russian hackers attacked public sites
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722997-rosijski-hakeri-atakuvali-sajti-suspilnogo.html
In Latvia, the memory of the victims of the Soviet deportation of 1941 was honored
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3722993-u-latvii-vsanuvali-pamat-zertv-radanskoi-deportacii-1941-roku.html
Russians fired Kherson, wounded two volunteers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722991-rosiani-obstrilali-herson-poraneni-dvoe-volonteriv.html
Kubrakov discusses with the Polish business in Warsaw the issue of reconstruction of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3722989-kubrakov-obgovorue-z-polskim-biznesom-u-varsavi-pitanna-vidbudovi-ukraini.html
In Chernivtsi, surgeons made a jaw patient from his own rib
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722988-u-cernivcah-hirurgi-zrobili-pacientu-selepu-z-jogo-vlasnogo-rebra.html
Khmelnitsky "Podillya" will restore its participation in the First League of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723002-hmelnicke-podilla-vidnovit-svou-ucast-u-persij-lizi-ukraini.html
Ministry of Veterans presented to German partners the projects of cooperation in the field of housing of war veterans and members of families of fallen defenders and defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/minveteraniv-prezentuvalo-nimeczkym-partneram-proyekty-spivpraczi-u-sferi-zabezpechennya-zhytlom-veteraniv-vijny-i-chleniv-rodyn-zagyblyh-zahysnykiv-ta-zahysnycz/
Russians fired at seven communities of Sumy region for a day, there is a wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723013-rosiani-za-den-obstrilali-sim-gromad-sumsini-e-poranenij.html
27 settlements remain flooded on the Kherson Right Bank of Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723016-na-pravoberezzi-hersonsini-zalisautsa-pidtoplenimi-27-naselenih-punktiv.html
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 13 strokes on the focus of enemy personnel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-13-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-osobovogo-skladu-protyvnyka/
Zelensky had a conversation with Duda - they spoke about the situation on the front and the needs of Ukrainian soldiers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723019-zelenskij-proviv-rozmovu-z-dudou-govorili-pro-situaciu-na-fronti-ta-potrebi-ukrainskih-voiniv.html
Morris Stein is a new head coach of Ajax
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723018-moris-stejn-novij-golovnij-trener-aaksa.html
The United Kingdom announced a military assistance package to strengthen Ukraine's air defense
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/velyka-brytaniya-anonsuvala-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-dlya-posylennya-ppo-ukrayiny/
In Mariupol, the guerrillas stipped postcards calling for Russian soldiers to give up
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722901-u-mariupoli-partizani-rozkleili-listivki-iz-zaklikami-do-rosijskih-soldativ-zdavatisa.html
Zelensky: When the ruins disappear, it loses not just the aggressor, but the very idea of aggression
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3723020-zelenskij-koli-ruini-znikaut-to-prograe-ne-prosto-agresor-a-sama-idea-agresii.html
The founding of the Nato -Ukraine Committee will bring political cooperation to a new level - Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722837-zasnuvanna-komitetu-natoukraina-vivede-politicne-spivrobitnictvo-na-novij-riven-stoltenberg.html
Nigeria sank the boat - over one hundred dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722841-u-nigerii-zatonuv-coven-ponad-sto-ludej-zaginuli.html
45 settlements remain flooded in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722849-na-hersonsini-zatoplenimi-lisautsa-45-naselenih-punktiv.html
NATO security guarantees should protect Ukraine from a new war - Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722840-garantii-bezpeki-vid-nato-maut-zahistiti-ukrainu-vid-novoi-vijni-stoltenberg.html
The enemy made 39 aircraft blows and made 62 shelling from the RSLS on the positions of our troops and settlements
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/vorog-zavdav-39-aviaczijnyh-udariv-ta-zdijsnyv-62-obstrily-z-rszv-po-pozycziyah-nashyh-vijsk-ta-naselenyh-punktah/
Kingspan Group sells in Ukraine an investment prosect for more than $ 280 million - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722846-kingspan-group-realizue-v-ukraini-investproekt-na-ponad-280-miljoniv-smigal.html
Luxembourg, Luxembourg's premiere opened a week of European films in Turkey
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3722889-premerou-luksemburg-luksemburg-vidkrili-tizden-evropejskih-filmiv-u-tureccini.html
Case "Ukraine v.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722866-sprava-ukraina-proti-rosii-u-miznarodnomu-sudi-oon-cetvertij-den-publicnih-sluhan.html
Kherson museums identified three more paintings stolen by Russians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3722845-hersonski-muzejniki-identifikuvali-se-tri-kartini-vkradeni-rosianami.html
In the Armed Forces urged to understand the delay in information about events at the front
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722851-u-zsu-zaklikaut-iz-rozuminnam-stavitisa-do-zatrimki-informacii-pro-podii-na-fronti.html
Ukrainian farmers have attracted almost ₴ 37 billion loans since the beginning of the year
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722825-ukrainski-agrarii-z-pocatku-roku-zalucili-majze-37-milardiv-kreditiv.html
Klitschko presented the creative scholarships of the mayor to talented children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3722839-klicko-vruciv-talanovitim-ditam-tvorci-stipendii-miskogo-golovi.html
The number of victims of religious cult in Kenya exceeded 300 people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722856-kilkist-zertv-religijnogo-kultu-v-kenii-perevisila-300-osib.html
Yuri Virt officially left "Heather"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3722859-urij-virt-oficijno-zalisiv-veres.html
Belling's Englishman became a new Real Madrid football player
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3722860-angliec-bellingem-stav-novim-futbolistom-reala.html
The Russians try to exchange their civilians who were captured by the Lubinets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722910-rosiani-namagautsa-obminati-zahoplenih-nimi-civilnih-na-vijskovosluzbovciv-lubinec.html
Vereshchuk urged the embassies to prevent the stay of their citizens in the occupied Russian territories
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722861-veresuk-zaklikala-posolstva-ne-dopustiti-perebuvanna-svoih-gromadan-na-okupovanih-rf-teritoriah.html
The Netherlands will begin training Ukrainian pilots on F -16 in the coming months - Ministry of Defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722870-niderlandi-rozpocnut-navcanna-ukrainskih-pilotiv-na-f16-najblizcimi-misacami-minoboroni.html
Fish and swim in the sea near Odessa during the year is dangerous - expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722867-ribaliti-ta-kupatisa-u-mori-poblizu-odesi-protagom-roku-e-nebezpecnim-ekspert.html
In Odessa, the Russian rocket damaged the Temple of the Moscow Patriarchate
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722869-v-odesi-rosijska-raketa-poskodila-hram-moskovskogo-patriarhatu.html
In the Carpathian region, another 20 tons of humanitarian aid were collected in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722854-na-prikarpatti-zibrali-se-20-tonn-gumanitarnoi-dopomogi-postrazdalim-na-hersonsini.html
SESC together with UNICEF launched an information campaign for the safety of children
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722872-dsns-spilno-z-unisef-zapustili-informkampaniu-zadla-bezpeki-ditej.html
From the beginning of the invasion of the Russian Federation in Constanta, more than 12 million tons of Ukrainian grain have been shipped
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722876-vid-pocatku-povnomasstabnogo-vtorgnenna-u-konstanci-vidvantazili-ponad-12-miljoniv-tonn-ukrainskogo-zerna.html
Bulgaria Foreign Ministry criticized Russia's ambassador for spreading misinformation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722880-mzs-bolgarii-rozkritikuvalo-posla-rosii-za-posirenna-dezinformacii.html
The ESRODS program will work for flooded regions - Vereshchuk
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3722881-programa-evidnovlenna-pracuvatime-dla-pidtoplenih-regioniv-veresuk.html
The Government proposes the Council to approve the Telemedicine Act
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722883-urad-proponue-radi-uhvaliti-zakon-pro-telemedicinu.html
The movie "The Dear Childhood" was released on the deportation of Russian children by Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3722887-vijsov-film-ponivecene-ditinstvo-pro-deportaciu-rosieu-ukrainskih-ditej.html
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs contributed to the correction of 20 cases of incorrect image of Ukraine's borders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722888-mzs-posprialo-vipravlennu-20-vipadkiv-nekorektnogo-zobrazenna-kordoniv-ukraini.html
In the liberated graceful enemy destroyed 80% of houses - Kirilenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722895-u-zvilnenomu-blagodatnomu-vorog-zrujnuvav-80-budinkiv-kirilenko.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Fish industry losses are estimated at more than ₴ 11 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722886-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-zbitki-ribnoi-galuzi-ocinuut-u-ponad-11-milardiv.html
In the event of a nuclear explosion on the NPP, the consequences will be more frightening than Hiroshima and Nagasaki - an external
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722892-u-razi-adernogo-vibuhu-na-zaes-naslidki-budut-strasnisimi-za-hirosimu-i-nagasaki-eksministr.html
From Riga sent a convoy humanitarian and military assistance to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3722890-z-rigi-vidpravili-konvoj-gumanitarnoi-i-vijskovoi-dopomogi-v-ukrainu.html
The Carpathian community has developed hiking for tourists to ancient temples
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722894-prikarpatska-gromada-rozrobila-dla-turistiv-pisi-ekskursii-do-davnih-hramiv.html
Ingulets gave way to LNZ "Cherkasy" and flew from UPL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3722896-ingulec-postupivsa-lnz-cerkasam-i-viletiv-z-upl.html
On the coast of Odessa found many dead animals from the Red Book
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722905-na-uzberezzi-odesini-znajsli-bagato-mertvih-tvarin-z-cervonoi-knigi.html
Ukrainian entrepreneurs can get grants up to $ 150 thousand under the USAID Program - Ministry of Economy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722897-ukrainski-pidpriemci-mozut-otrimati-granti-do-150-tisac-za-programou-usaid-minekonomiki.html
UNESCO will host the World Forum for Assisting Ukraine Cultural Heritage
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3722898-pid-egidou-unesko-vidbudetsa-vsesvitnij-forum-sodo-dopomogi-kulturnij-spadsini-ukraini.html
Mass poisoning in Lviv: Doctors confirmed salmonellosis
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722900-masovi-otruenna-u-lvovi-likari-pidtverdili-salmoneloz.html
All over Ukraine is air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723021-po-vsij-ukraini-povitrana-trivoga.html
The legendary Marvel Comic book illustrator John Romita died
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3722903-pomer-legendarnij-ilustrator-komiksiv-marvel-dzon-romita.html
In Odessa, announced on June 15 by a day of mourning
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722904-v-odesi-ogolosili-15-cervna-dnem-zalobi.html
Klitschko supported the petition demanding that the street be renamed in honor of Omelchenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3722906-klicko-pidtrimav-peticiu-z-vimogou-ne-dopustiti-perejmenuvanna-vulici-na-cest-omelcenka.html
The Russians for two weeks are fired at the ammonia pipeline in Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722909-rosiani-dva-tizni-pricilno-obstriluut-amiakoprovid-na-harkivsini.html
Defense forces per day eliminated nearly 700 invaders, destroyed 8 tanks and 17 artsystems
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/syly-oborony-za-dobu-likviduvaly-majzhe-700-okupantiv-znyshhyly-8-tankiv-i-17-artsystem/
Experts called steps to counteract "cartographic propaganda"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722908-eksperti-nazvali-kroki-dla-protidii-kartograficnij-propagandi.html
Lush in London received Central Banking Awards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722912-pisnij-u-londoni-otrimav-nagorodu-central-banking-awards.html
The SBU detained one of the leaders created by the Russians of the Kupyansk Railway
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722914-sbu-zatrimala-odnogo-z-kerivnikiv-stvorenoi-rosianami-kupanskoi-zaliznici.html
Missile blow to Odessa: Four workers of a destroyed enterprise - in critical condition
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722915-raketnij-udar-po-odesi-cetvero-pracivnikiv-zrujnovanogo-pidpriemstva-u-kriticnomu-stani.html
Ukrainian film is presented at the Carlovar International Film Festival
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3722916-ukrainskij-film-prezentuut-na-karlovarskomu-miznarodnomu-kinofestivali.html
Nikolaevshchyna: 2400 hectares of forest are flooded, most at Kinburn Spit
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722917-mikolaivsina-pidtopleni-2400-gektariv-lisu-najbilse-na-kinburnskij-kosi.html
In Odessa, the Russian rocket damaged the museum of interesting science
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722919-v-odesi-rosijska-raketa-poskodila-muzej-cikavoi-nauki.html
The European Parliament has approved an artificial intelligence regulation plan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3722920-evroparlament-shvaliv-plan-reguluvanna-stucnogo-intelektu.html
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs was discussed with Czech parliamentarians holding the second summit of the Crimean Platform in Prague
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3722921-u-mzs-obgovorili-z-ceskimi-parlamentariami-provedenna-u-prazi-drugogo-samitu-krimskoi-platformi.html
The Times Square in New York showed a video about prosthetic Ukrainian defenders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722923-na-tajmsskver-u-nujorku-pokazali-rolik-pro-protezovanih-ukrainskih-zahisnikiv.html
Two Estonian logists were detained in the Russian Federation for border violation: Vilnius commented on the incident
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722928-u-rf-zatrimali-dvoh-estonskih-logistiv-za-porusenna-kordonu-vilnus-prokomentuvav-incident.html
Voting for the Russian: The Ministry of Economy has removed the director of the state enterprise for standardization
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722927-golosuvav-za-rosianina-minekonomiki-vidstoronilo-direktora-derzpidpriemstva-zi-standartizacii.html
Humanitarian aid from six regions and Kieva was sent to Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722929-na-hersonsinu-vidpravili-gumanitarnu-dopomogu-z-sesti-oblastej-ta-kievaa.html
The Russians fired at eight settlements of Sumy region and Chernihiv region, there is a dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722933-rosiani-obstrilali-visim-naselenih-punktiv-sumsini-ta-cernigivsini-e-zagibla.html
In the Donor Support Fund of Ukraine already $ 920 million - the World Bank
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722932-u-donorskomu-fondi-pidtrimki-ukraini-vze-920-miljoniv-svitovij-bank.html
The President noted state 331 military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723022-prezident-vidznaciv-derznagorodami-331-vijskovogo.html
Expert: Deposit on the Implementation of the Law on Education
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722934-ekspert-vidkladenna-implementacii-zakonu-pro-osvitu-ce-pidgotovka-do-vilnuskogo-samitu.html
In the south, infectious hubs have been launched - they will also do quick cholera tests
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722935-na-pivdni-rozgornuli-infekcijni-habi-robitimut-j-svidki-testi-na-holeru.html
Englishman Milner will become Brighton's player
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3722936-angliec-milner-stane-gravcem-brajtona.html
Police guards from the "black archaeologists" of the place of shamby of the Kakhovka reservoir
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722937-policia-ohoronae-vid-cornih-arheologiv-misca-obmilinna-kahovskogo-vodoshovisa.html
In the village in Kharkiv region, a man exploded on a "petal"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722938-u-seli-na-harkivsini-colovik-pidirvavsa-na-pelustci.html
Ukraine should invent a new approach to cooperation with Hungary - an expert
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722940-ukraini-varto-vigadati-novij-pidhid-sodo-spivpraci-z-ugorsinou-ekspert.html
Kuleba discussed the importance of a decisive step towards Ukraine's membership in NATO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722941-kuleba-obgovoriv-iz-berbok-vazlivist-risucogo-kroku-do-clenstva-ukraini-v-nato.html
An exhibition-auction of painted military artifacts was opened in Lviv
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3722945-u-lvovi-vidkrili-vistavkuaukcion-rozmalovanih-vijskovih-artefaktiv.html
Poland will help rebuild the flooded village Ingulets in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3722946-polsa-dopomoze-vidbuduvati-pidtoplene-selo-ingulec-na-hersonsini.html
In Dnipropetrovsk, the memory of the dead in 2014 was honored by paratroopers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722947-na-dnipropetrovsini-vsanuvali-pamat-zagiblih-u-2014-roci-desantnikiv.html
The European Parliament has condemned the Russian crime on the Kakhovsky hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722949-evroparlament-zasudiv-rosijskij-zlocin-na-kahovskij-ges.html
In Nikolaev the exhibition "Bereginya of the soul" was opened
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3722948-u-mikolaevi-vidkrilasa-vistavka-beregina-dusi.html
In the Black Sea fix the reduced salinity level, by other indicators - water is normal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722965-u-cornomu-mori-fiksuut-znizenij-riven-solonosti-za-insimi-pokaznikami-voda-u-normi.html
In Kharkiv, part of the most destroyed house in Northern Saltivka is dismantled
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722951-u-harkovi-demontuut-castinu-najbils-zrujnovanogo-budinku-na-pivnicnij-saltivci.html
Wimbledon has announced a record prize prize stock of tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3722955-vimbldon-ogolosiv-pro-rekordnij-prizovij-fond-turniru.html
Painter explained why the exact figures of loss of defense forces are not called
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722956-malar-poasnila-comu-ne-nazivautsa-tocni-cifri-vtrat-sil-oboroni.html
Almost 40 clashes took place in the east of Ukraine per day - where the fights continue
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722957-na-shodi-ukraini-za-dobu-vidbulisa-majze-40-zitknen-de-trivaut-boi.html
In Ukraine tomorrow in some places rains and thunderstorms, in the afternoon to +27 °
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722884-v-ukraini-zavtra-podekudi-dosi-ta-grozi-vden-do-27.html
Philanthropists have signed a contract for supplying equipment for National Guard training
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722959-blagodijniki-pidpisali-kontrakt-pro-postacanna-obladnanna-dla-trenuvanna-nacgvardijciv.html
Berlin Prosecutor's Office started investigating the Rammstein soloist - DW
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3722961-prokuratura-berlina-pocala-rozsliduvanna-proti-solista-rammstein-dw.html
The court appointed 13 years by lattice Russian agent who collected data on defense forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722972-sud-priznaciv-13-rokiv-za-gratami-rosijskomu-agentu-akij-zbirav-dani-pro-sili-oboroni.html
Painter told about communication with Zaluzhny and other commanders
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722963-malar-rozpovila-pro-komunikaciu-iz-zaluznim-ta-insimi-komandirami.html
Poland has purchased for its own army Minnie Baobab-K bar
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722958-polsa-zakupila-dla-vlasnoi-armii-minni-zagorodzuvaci-baobabk.html
In the Kherson region, through the undermining of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, historical artifacts are washed out of mounds
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723003-na-hersonsini-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-z-kurganiv-vimivautsa-istoricni-artefakti.html
The results of purchases of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces for the second half of the year were published in the ProZorro system on June 12-13
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/rezultaty-zakupivel-produktiv-harchuvannya-zsu-na-ii-pivrichchya-buly-oprylyudneni-v-systemi-prozorro-12-13-chervnya/
It is known where to watch the match of the national team of Ukraine against Northern Macedonia in the selection for Euro-2024
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3722966-vidomo-de-divitis-matc-zbirnoi-ukraini-proti-pivnicnoi-makedonii-u-vidbori-na-evro2024.html
In Kiev presented a course on providing psychological assistance to elderly during the war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722970-u-kievi-prezentuvali-kurs-z-nadanna-psihologicnoi-dopomogi-litnim-ludam-pid-cas-vijni.html
Stoltenberg about Ukraine's membership in NATO: Allies have made fundamental decisions, but discussions are ongoing
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722975-stoltenberg-pro-clenstvo-ukraini-v-nato-souzniki-uhvalili-principovi-risenna-ale-diskusii-trivaut.html
Ukraine's female national team won France in golden euilies in volleyball
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3722973-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-peremogla-franciu-v-zolotij-evrolizi-z-volejbolu.html
Ukrainian GTS provides over 100 gas transportation routes to the EU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722977-ukrainska-gts-zabezpecue-ponad-100-marsrutiv-transportuvanna-gazu-do-es.html
The number of dead migrants as a result of boat switching near Greece has increased to 78 people
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722978-kilkist-zagiblih-migrantiv-unaslidok-perekidanna-covna-poblizu-grecii-zrosla-do-78-osib.html
In Italy, said goodbye to Berlusconi's expremier
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722980-v-italii-poprosalisa-z-ekspremerom-berluskoni.html
Riga City Hall has allocated to Ukraine another € 300,000 humanitarian aid
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722984-meria-rigi-vidilila-ukraini-se-300-tisac-gumanitarnoi-dopomogi.html
Zelensky: Every way of supplying components for "calibers" is the way of strengthening of terror of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723023-zelenskij-kozen-slah-postacanna-komponentiv-dla-kalibriv-slah-posilenna-teroru-rf.html
In Chernivtsi, surgeons made a jaw patient from his own rib
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722988-u-cernivcah-hirurgi-zrobili-pacientu-selepu-z-jogo-vlasnogo-rebra.html
Kubrakov discusses with the Polish business in Warsaw the issue of reconstruction of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3722989-kubrakov-obgovorue-z-polskim-biznesom-u-varsavi-pitanna-vidbudovi-ukraini.html
Russians fired Kherson, wounded two volunteers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722991-rosiani-obstrilali-herson-poraneni-dvoe-volonteriv.html
In Latvia, the memory of the victims of the Soviet deportation of 1941 was honored
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3722993-u-latvii-vsanuvali-pamat-zertv-radanskoi-deportacii-1941-roku.html
Russian hackers attacked public sites
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722997-rosijski-hakeri-atakuvali-sajti-suspilnogo.html
In Israel presented the first of a hypersonic interception system
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3722998-v-izraili-predstavili-persu-u-svoemu-rodi-sistemu-giperzvukovogo-perehoplenna.html
Ukraine's male national team won Belgium in Golden Euroliz from Volleyball
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723000-colovica-zbirna-ukraini-peremogla-belgiu-v-zolotij-evrolizi-z-volejbolu.html
Khmelnitsky "Podillya" will restore its participation in the First League of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723002-hmelnicke-podilla-vidnovit-svou-ucast-u-persij-lizi-ukraini.html
In the Kherson region, through the undermining of the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, historical artifacts are washed out of mounds
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723003-na-hersonsini-cerez-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-z-kurganiv-vimivautsa-istoricni-artefakti.html
12 goals were shot down at night: 3 caliber missiles and 9 Shahd-136/131
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/sylamy-ppo-vnochi-zbyto-12-czilej-3-rakety-kalibr-i-9-shahed-136-131/
Schmigal told Vicecanzler Germany about ecocide committed by Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723006-smigal-rozpoviv-vicekancleru-nimeccini-pro-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges.html
The Pentagon named Ramstin's priorities - strengthening of air defense and other opportunities of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723004-u-pentagoni-nazvali-prioriteti-ramstajnu-posilenna-ppo-ta-insih-mozlivostej-ukraini.html
Kiev has received a distinction at the Digital Enterprise Show forum
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3723007-kiiv-zdobuv-vidznaku-na-forumi-digital-enterprise-show.html
Russia in the Hague urged the UN International Court of Ukraine to reject the requirements of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723008-rosia-u-gaazi-zaklikala-miznarodnij-sud-oon-vidhiliti-vimogi-ukraini.html
Deputies of the Bundestag condemned Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723010-deputati-bundestagu-zasudili-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges.html
Blinken will speak in China about the Russian Federation in Ukraine - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723012-blinken-govoritime-v-kitai-pro-rozvazanu-rf-vijnu-v-ukraini-derzdep.html
Russians fired at seven communities of Sumy region for a day, there is a wounded
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723013-rosiani-za-den-obstrilali-sim-gromad-sumsini-e-poranenij.html
27 settlements remain flooded on the Kherson Right Bank of Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3723016-na-pravoberezzi-hersonsini-zalisautsa-pidtoplenimi-27-naselenih-punktiv.html
Zelensky had a conversation with Duda - they spoke about the situation on the front and the needs of Ukrainian soldiers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723019-zelenskij-proviv-rozmovu-z-dudou-govorili-pro-situaciu-na-fronti-ta-potrebi-ukrainskih-voiniv.html
Morris Stein is a new head coach of Ajax
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3723018-moris-stejn-novij-golovnij-trener-aaksa.html
In Mariupol, the guerrillas stipped postcards calling for Russian soldiers to give up
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722901-u-mariupoli-partizani-rozkleili-listivki-iz-zaklikami-do-rosijskih-soldativ-zdavatisa.html
Zelensky: When the ruins disappear, it loses not just the aggressor, but the very idea of aggression
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3723020-zelenskij-koli-ruini-znikaut-to-prograe-ne-prosto-agresor-a-sama-idea-agresii.html
The Russians try to exchange their civilians who were captured by the Lubinets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722910-rosiani-namagautsa-obminati-zahoplenih-nimi-civilnih-na-vijskovosluzbovciv-lubinec.html
All over Ukraine is air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723021-po-vsij-ukraini-povitrana-trivoga.html
The President noted state 331 military
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723022-prezident-vidznaciv-derznagorodami-331-vijskovogo.html
Poland has purchased for its own army Minnie Baobab-K bar
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722958-polsa-zakupila-dla-vlasnoi-armii-minni-zagorodzuvaci-baobabk.html
Zelensky: Every way of supplying components for "calibers" is the way of strengthening of terror of the Russian Federation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723023-zelenskij-kozen-slah-postacanna-komponentiv-dla-kalibriv-slah-posilenna-teroru-rf.html
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
A considerable amount of information about captured defenders is transferred to the coordination headquarters by their relatives
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/znachnu-kilkist-informacziyi-shhodo-polonenyh-zahysnykiv-peredayut-do-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu-yihni-rodychi/
"What we need": Alexei Reznikov thanked the US for a new military assistance package
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/te-shho-nam-potribno-oleksij-reznikov-podyakuvav-ssha-za-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy/
The President thanked the combined expeditionary forces for a package of assistance for Ukraine worth more than € 100 million
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/prezydent-podyakuvav-obyednanym-ekspedyczijnym-sylam-za-paket-dopomogy-dlya-ukrayiny-vartistyu-e116-mln/
Historical solution: Luxembourg Parliament recognized the Holodomor with the genocide of the Ukrainian people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/istorychne-rishennya-parlament-lyuksemburgu-vyznav-golodomor-genoczydom-ukrayinskogo-narodu/
In Ukraine up to 15 years imprisonment was convicted of a participant of PEC "Wagner"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/v-ukrayini-do-15-rokiv-pozbavlennya-voli-zasudzheno-uchasnyka-pvk-vagner/
Ukrainian pyrotechnics per day were neutralized by more than 600 explosive items
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/ukrayinski-pirotehniky-za-dobu-zneshkodyly-ponad-600-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv/
Infantry "sprinkled" by occupiers from American automatic grenade launcher MK 19
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/pihotynczi-nasypayut-okupantam-z-amerykanskogo-avtomatychnogo-granatometa-mk-19/
Schmigal told Vicecanzler Germany about ecocide committed by Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723006-smigal-rozpoviv-vicekancleru-nimeccini-pro-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges.html
The government has created a new position on the restoration of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/v-uryadi-stvoryly-novu-posadu-z-pytan-vidnovlennya-ukrayiny/
"Admiral", don't be silent, say something: infantry evacuate the wounded brothers from the forefront
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/admirale-ne-movchy-govory-shhos-pihotynczi-evakuyuyut-poranenogo-pobratyma-z-peredovoyi/
The water level in the Dnieper at Kherson has dropped by over 3 meters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/riven-vody-u-dnipri-na-poznachczi-herson-znyzyvsya-na-ponad-3-metry/
Denis Schmigal discussed with prem ’ Emerit of Poland Military Assistance to Ukraine and Preparation of the Armed Forces of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/denys-shmygal-obgovoryv-z-premyerom-polshhi-vijskovu-dopomogu-ukrayini-ta-pidgotovku-vijskovyh-zsu/
Lectures from the concept of stelarators will read the leading scientists of the world to Ukrainian students
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/kurs-lekczij-z-konczepcziyi-stelaratoriv-prochytayut-ukrayinskym-studentam-providni-naukovczi-svitu/
The SBU detained the head of the Donbassgaz DNR branch, which heated the racist barracks during the occupation of the city
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/sbu-zatrymala-ochilnyka-filiyi-donbasgaza-dnr-yakyj-obigrivav-kazarmy-rashystiv-pid-chas-okupacziyi-mista/
The Pentagon named Ramstin's priorities - strengthening of air defense and other opportunities of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723004-u-pentagoni-nazvali-prioriteti-ramstajnu-posilenna-ppo-ta-insih-mozlivostej-ukraini.html
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: More than 93 thousand military crimes have been documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-ponad-93-tysyachi-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
The coordination headquarters took place online meeting with families of defenders of the island Snake
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-onlajn-zustrich-z-rodynamy-zahysnykiv-ostrova-zmiyinyj/
Army Irina Gerashchenko won "bronze" in height at a tournament in Finland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/armijka-iryna-gerashhenko-zavoyuvala-bronzu-v-strybkah-u-vysotu-na-turniri-u-finlyandiyi/
A law that continues temporary protection for Ukrainian citizens has been published in Poland
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/u-polshhi-opublikovano-zakon-yakyj-prodovzhuye-tymchasovyj-zahyst-dlya-gromadyan-ukrayiny/
The Russians during the day attacked 138 settlements in eleven regions of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/rosiyany-protyagom-doby-atakuvaly-138-naselenyh-punktiv-u-odynadczyatoh-oblastyah-ukrayiny/
The serviceman asks his wife to contact the military prosecutor's office of the Russian Federation - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/vijskovosluzhbovecz-prosyt-druzhynu-zvernutys-do-vijskovoyi-prokuratury-rf-perehoplennya-gur/
The leadership of the Russian Army treats its fighters as unnecessary
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/kerivnycztvo-armiyi-rf-stavytsya-do-svoyih-bijcziv-yak-do-nepotrebu/
In Zaporozhye, the movement of Russian automobile columns with looted property of Ukrainians - the General Staff
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/na-zaporizhzhi-zafiksovano-ruh-rosijskyh-avtomobilnyh-kolon-z-nagrabovanym-majnom-ukrayincziv-genshtab/
Dmytro Kuleba invited Jordan to take part in the realization of the Ukrainian formula of peace
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/dmytro-kuleba-zaprosyv-jordaniyu-vzyaty-uchast-u-realizacziyi-ukrayinskoyi-formuly-myru/
The enemy hit Odessa 4 "calibers": three people were killed and 13 were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/vorog-vdaryv-po-odesi-4-kalibramy-try-osoby-zagynulo-i-13-otrymaly-poranennya/
Kiev has received a distinction at the Digital Enterprise Show forum
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3723007-kiiv-zdobuv-vidznaku-na-forumi-digital-enterprise-show.html
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: Anna Malyar - About the strengthening of filtration measures and the looting of the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-ganna-malyar-pro-posylennya-filtraczijnyh-zahodiv-ta-maroderstvo-okupantiv/
The Armed Forces continue to conduct offensive operations and have partial success - Andriy Kovalev
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/zsu-prodovzhuyut-vedennya-nastupalnyh-operaczij-ta-mayut-chastkovyj-uspih-andrij-kovalov/
28 settlements of Right -Bank Kherson region remain flooded
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/pidtoplenymy-zalyshayutsya-28-naselenyh-punktiv-pravoberezhnoyi-hersonshhyny/
State Department for Kakhovka Hydroelectric Person: We absolutely trust Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/derzhdep-pro-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-my-absolyutno-doviryayemo-ukrayini/
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: in the European Commission told about the assistance provided to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-u-yevrokomisiyi-rozpovily-pro-nadanu-dopomogu-ukrayini/
Wildness against civilization: Anna Malyar on the difference between Russian information from Ukrainian
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/dykist-proty-czyvilizovanosti-ganna-malyar-pro-vidminnist-informacziyi-z-rf-vid-ukrayinskoyi/
Why did the Kyiv region shudder again from the explosions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/chomu-kyyivshhyna-znovu-zdrygnulasya-vid-vybuhiv/
There are 3103 dwellings in Kherson region underwater
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/na-hersonshhyni-pid-vodoyu-zalyshayutsya-3103-zhytlovi-budynky/
GUR appeals to the Crimeans: you can get closer to the de -occupation of Ukrainian lands
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/gur-zvertayetsya-do-krymchan-vy-mayete-zmogu-nablyzyty-deokupacziyu-ukrayinskyh-zemel/
In Kharkiv, combatants will be able to get an interest -free loan for housing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/u-harkovi-uchasnyky-bojovyh-dij-zmozhut-otrymaty-bezvidsotkovyj-kredyt-na-zhytlo/
Mobilized sailors-border guards passed a course of training
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/mobilizovani-moryaky-prykordonnyky-projshly-kurs-pidgotovky/
Russia in the Hague urged the UN International Court of Ukraine to reject the requirements of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723008-rosia-u-gaazi-zaklikala-miznarodnij-sud-oon-vidhiliti-vimogi-ukraini.html
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine invited Peru to join the realization of the formula of peace
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/glava-mzs-ukrayiny-zaprosyv-peru-pryyednatysya-do-realizacziyi-formuly-myru/
As infantry from a grenade launcher and flamethrower burned the armor of the Russians
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/yak-pihotynczi-z-granatometa-ta-vognemeta-spalyly-blindazh-rosiyan/
France strongly condemned Russia's last strikes in Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/francziya-rishuche-zasudyla-ostanni-udary-rosiyi-po-ukrayini/
The Russians destroyed the unique scientific equipment of Kharkiv physicists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/rosiyany-znyshhyly-unikalne-naukove-obladnannya-harkivskyh-fizykiv/
Pentagon: The United States provided Ukraine with almost $ 40 billion in defense, allies - $ 27 billion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/pentagon-ssha-nadav-ukrayini-majzhe-40-mlrd-dol-oboronnoyi-dopomogy-soyuznyky-27-mlrd-dol/
Due to the military crime on the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plant, water will not come to the Crimea at least a year
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/cherez-voyennyj-zlochyn-na-kahovskij-ges-voda-do-krymu-ne-nadhodytyme-minimum-rik/
"Russian Complexes of Reb - One of the Priority Goals for Our Artillery" - Valery Shershn
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/rosijski-kompleksy-reb-odni-z-priorytetnyh-czilej-dlya-nashoyi-artyleriyi-valerij-shershen/
During the day in the Zaporozhye direction of the Armed Forces, 350 meters advanced - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/za-dobu-na-zaporizkomu-napryamku-zsu-prosunulys-na-350-metriv-ganna-malyar/
Germany for the first time in history approved the National Security Strategy: the Russian Federation is the greatest threat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/nimechchyna-vpershe-v-istoriyi-zatverdyla-strategiyu-naczbezpeky-rf-najbilsha-zagroza/
Sumy and Chernihiv border shelling: more than 20 explosions occurred at night
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/obstrily-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-i-chernigivshhyny-vnochi-prolunalo-ponad-20-vybuhiv/
Deputies of the Bundestag condemned Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723010-deputati-bundestagu-zasudili-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges.html
13 years behind bars will hold a collaborator who passed the invaders of the location of defense forces in the Liman direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/13-rokiv-za-gratamy-provede-kolaborant-yakyj-peredavav-okupantam-lokacziyi-syl-oborony-na-lymanskomu-napryamku/
The suspicion was reported by the ideologist Rashism Alexander Dugin
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/pro-pidozru-povidomleno-ideologu-rashyzmu-oleksandru-duginu/
In Kherson and Mykolaiv region, 3761 persons were evacuated - Igor Klimenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/na-hersonshhyni-ta-mykolayivshhyni-evakujovano-3761-osobu-igor-klymenko/
The water level in the Dnieper in the Kherson area has dropped to a 2.07 meter mark
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/riven-vody-u-dnipri-v-rajoni-hersona-znyzhuyetsya-narazi-poznachka-v-207-metry/
Started the online course for veterans and veterans "Return from war: mind, body, society"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/startuvav-onlajn-kurs-dlya-veteraniv-ta-veteranok-povernennya-z-vijny-rozum-tilo-soczium/
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: facts of damage to property in Kherson region will be recorded by commissions in terminists
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-fakty-poshkodzhennya-majna-na-hersonshhyni-fiksuvatymut-komisiyi-pry-tergromadah/
Anna Malyar: Ukrainian losses are disorderly less than hostile
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/ganna-malyar-ukrayinski-vtraty-nespivmirno-menshi-za-vorozhi/
Russian side blocks telephone with prisoners - Coordinating Headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/rosijska-storona-blokuye-telefonnyj-zvyazok-z-polonenymy-zahysnykamy-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
Our aviation has made 12 beats in hostile positions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/nasha-aviacziya-zavdala-12-udariv-po-vorozhyh-pozycziyah/
In the Marinka area, our defenders reflected all the enemy attacks - Valery Shershn
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/u-rajoni-maryinky-nashi-zahysnyky-vidbyly-vsi-vorozhi-ataky-valerij-shershen/
As a result of artillery shelling of the occupiers, a boarding school in Sumy region was damaged-proceedings have been started
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/vnaslidok-artylerijskogo-obstrilu-okupantamy-poshkodzheno-budynok-internat-na-sumshhyni-rozpochato-provadzhennya/
Blinken will speak in China about the Russian Federation in Ukraine - State Department
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3723012-blinken-govoritime-v-kitai-pro-rozvazanu-rf-vijnu-v-ukraini-derzdep.html
For the last 10 days the advance of the enemy is not recorded - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/za-krajni-10-dib-prosuvannya-voroga-ne-zafiksovano-ganna-malyar/
Ukrainian defenders repelled 39 attacks in four directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-vidbyly-39-atak-na-chotyroh-napryamkah/
The Lviv Lyceum player made its debut at the European Armrestling Championships
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/lvivskyj-liczeyist-gidno-debyutuvav-na-chempionati-yevropy-z-armrestlingu/
For the help of the Armed Forces and Victory, sometimes it is worth a day or two news with news - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/zarady-dopomogy-zsu-i-peremogy-inodi-varto-dobu-chy-dvi-pochekaty-iz-vysvitlennyam-novyn-ganna-malyar/
The President noted state 320 soldiers, 128 of them - posthumously
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/prezydent-vidznachyv-derzhnagorodamy-320-vijskovyh-128-z-nyh-posmertno/
In the Dnipropetrovsk region, the Destanti warriors honored the dead brothers in the whipped IL-76 aircraft
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/na-dnipropetrovshhyni-voyiny-desantnyky-vshanuvaly-zagyblyh-pobratymiv-u-zbytomu-litaku-il-76/
Hydrotechnical reclamation losses have already reached over UAH 150 billion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/zbytky-gidrotehnichnoyi-melioracziyi-vzhe-syagnuly-ponad-150-mlrd-gryven/
The General Staff showed how Ukrainian servicemen train in the UK
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/genshtab-pokazav-yak-trenuyut-ukrayinskyh-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-u-velykij-brytaniyi/
When the ruins disappear, it will lose not just the aggressor, but the idea of aggression - the President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/koly-ruyiny-znykayut-to-prograye-ne-prosto-agresor-a-sama-ideya-agresiyi-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Short. War. Day 476. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/korotko-vijna-den-476-videodajdzhest/
Bridlava urged the US government to provide Ukraine with ATACams missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723025-bridlav-zaklikav-urad-ssa-zabezpeciti-ukrainu-raketami-atacams.html
In most regions of Ukraine - a bite of air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723024-u-bilsosti-oblastej-ukraini-vidboi-povitranoi-trivogi.html
In most regions of Ukraine - a bite of air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723024-u-bilsosti-oblastej-ukraini-vidboi-povitranoi-trivogi.html
Bridlava urged the US government to provide Ukraine with ATACams missiles
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3723025-bridlav-zaklikav-urad-ssa-zabezpeciti-ukrainu-raketami-atacams.html
Ukrainian sappers have prepared a surprise to the occupiers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/15/rozvidnyky-j-shturmovyky-nyshhat-okupantiv-pid-bahmutom/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====