乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-06-13

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====

Ukrainian pyrotechnics per day were neutralized over 120 ammunition
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/ukrayinski-pirotehniky-za-dobu-zneshkodyly-ponad-120-boyeprypasiv/
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: 3 704 residents of Kherson and Mykolaiv region were evacuated
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-evakujovano-3-704-zhyteliv-hersonshhyny-ta-mykolayivshhyny/
More than 70% of water flowed from the Kakhovka reservoir
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/z-kahovskogo-vodoshovyshha-vyteklo-ponad-70-vody/
At night, the invaders from the barrel artillery and mortars fired at the border of Sumy and Chernihiv region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/vnochi-okupanty-zi-stvolnoyi-artyleriyi-i-minometiv-obstrilyaly-prykordonnya-sumshhyny-i-chernigivshhyny/
As a result of the shelling of settlements of Ukraine, 4 civilians were killed by the army of the Russian Federation, 16 were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/vnaslidok-obstriliv-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-armiyeyu-rf-zagynulo-4-czyvilni-osoby-16-poraneno/
The Visegrad Four Defense Ministers hold a meeting in Slovakia, the main topics are support for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/ministry-oborony-vyshegradskoyi-chetvirky-provodyat-zustrich-u-slovachchyni-sered-golovnyh-tem-pidtrymka-ukrayiny/
Gur warns: Russia is preparing a man -made disaster in a temporarily occupied Crimea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/gur-poperedzhaye-rosiya-gotuye-tehnogennu-katastrofu-v-tymchasovo-okupovanomu-krymu/
In the Bakhmut direction on the flanks, our military went from 250 to 700 meters, thus moving the enemy - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-na-flangah-nashi-vijskovi-projshly-vid-250-do-700-metriv-posunuvshy-tym-samym-voroga-sergij-cherevatyj/
June 13 - Round Table "How to restore soils after fighting and catastrophe on Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants?"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/13-chervnya-kruglyj-stil-yak-vidnovlyuvaty-grunty-pislya-bojovyh-dij-ta-katastrofy-na-kahovskij-ges/
The invaders have blown up the reservoir dam in the Zaporozhye region, there is flooding
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/okupanty-pidirvaly-dambu-vodoshovyshha-u-zaporizkij-oblasti-ye-zatoplennya/
The families of captive Terroborons talked with the representatives of the coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/rodyny-polonenyh-teroboronivcziv-pospilkuvalysya-z-predstavnykamy-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu/
The Russians were preparing undermining the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station at the legislative level - Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/rosiyany-gotuvaly-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-na-zakonodavchomu-rivni-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
"The main purpose of the Kakhovsky Dam is to disrupt the offensive of the Ukrainian defense forces" - Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/osnovna-meta-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-damby-zirvaty-nastup-ukrayinskyh-syl-oborony-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
In the Black Sea waters on duty of three ships of Rosarmia, carriers of "Caliber" missiles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/v-akvatoriyi-chornogo-morya-na-cherguvannya-try-korabli-rosarmiyi-nosiyiv-raket-kalibr-nemaye/
As a result of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station, 10 people were killed, 42 people are considered missing
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/vnaslidok-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-zagynulo-10-osib-42-osoby-vvazhayutsya-znyklymy-bezvisty/
Russia has recognized its own inability to keep the captured territory - Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/rosiya-vyznala-vlasnu-nespromozhnist-utrymaty-zahoplenu-terytoriyu-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
Air Defender 2023: Germany starts the largest in NATO history of aviation training
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/air-defender-2023-u-nimechchyni-startuyut-najbilshi-v-istoriyi-nato-navchannya-aviacziyi/
Using Kakhovsk hydroelectric power plant, Russia used a man -made disaster as weapons - Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/pidirvavshy-kahovsku-ges-rosiya-vykorystala-tehnogennu-katastrofu-yak-zbroyu-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
In Kherson, the water level decreased by 64 cm - the headquarters to eliminate the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/u-hersoni-za-piv-doby-riven-vody-zmenshyvsya-na-64sm-shtab-z-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
A third of the territory of Ukraine is potentially polluted by mines - Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/tretyna-terytoriyi-ukrayiny-potenczijno-zabrudnena-minamy-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
In Greece, the Sailing World Sports Championships started among military personnel
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/u-grecziyi-startuvav-chempionat-svitu-z-vitrylnogo-sportu-sered-vijskovosluzhbovcziv/
Kharkiv was detained by a Russian agent who was spying on the positions of defense forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/u-harkovi-zatrymano-rosijskogo-agenta-yakyj-shpyguvav-za-pozycziyamy-syl-oborony/
In Lithuania, large -scale training "Storm Blow - 2023" has been completed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/u-lytvi-zavershylys-masshtabni-navchannya-shtormovyj-udar-2023/
A medical partnership with Canada will spread through a new common project
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/medychne-partnerstvo-z-kanadoyu-poshyryuvatymetsya-cherez-novyj-spilnyj-proyekt/
The development of cybersecurity capabilities is one of the key priorities of MOU-Vitaliy Deynega participated in the Cyber Dalogau Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/rozbudova-spromozhnostej-kiberbezpeky-ye-odnym-iz-klyuchovyh-priorytetiv-mou-vitalij-dejnega-vzyav-uchast-u-zasidanni-kiberdialogu-ukrayina-ssha/
At the beginning of the war, the enemy had a great quantitative advantage, about 1 to 7 - Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/na-pochatku-vijny-u-protyvnyka-bula-velyka-kilkisna-prevaga-pryblyzno-1-do-7-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
The war goes into the automation stage - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/vijna-perehodyt-u-stadiyu-avtomatyzacziyi-yurij-ignat/
Pam ’ Naza and Victory over Nazism in Ukraine will be celebrated on May 8: President signed the law
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/den-pamyati-ta-peremogy-nad-naczyzmom-v-ukrayini-vidznachatymut-8-travnya-prezydent-pidpysav-zakon/
Almost 93 thousand military crimes have documented the Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/majzhe-93-tysyachi-voyennyh-zlochyniv-zadokumentuvav-ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny/
The losses of Ukraine through the Russian terrorist attack on the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station exceeded an amount of one and a half billion euros
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/zbytky-ukrayiny-cherez-rosijskyj-terakt-na-kahovskij-ges-perevyshhyly-sumu-v-pivtora-milyardy-yevro/
Kherson will extend the curfew
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/u-hersoni-podovzhat-komendantsku-godynu/
The CEO of the IAEA went to Ukraine to assess the situation for the ZPP
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/gendyrektor-magate-vyrushyv-v-ukrayinu-shhob-oczinyt-sytuacziyu-na-zaes/
The occupiers fired by rescuers during the evacuation of the victims as a result of the blasting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/okupanty-obstrilyuyut-ryatuvalnykiv-pid-chas-evakuacziyi-postrazhdalyh-vnaslidok-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
In Vinnitsa, a pro -Russian bot farm was eliminated, which created up to 500 fake accounts daily
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/u-vinnyczi-likviduvaly-prorosijsku-botofermu-yaka-shhodnya-stvoryuvala-do-500-fejkovyh-akauntiv/
It is almost impossible to cause critical damage to the Kiev hydroelectric power station - Alexander Pavlyuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/zavdaty-raketamy-krytychnyh-poshkodzhen-kyyivskij-ges-praktychno-nemozhlyvo-oleksandr-pavlyuk/
In Kiev there was a charity race of Major Alexei Chubashev's memory
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/u-kyyevi-vidbuvsya-blagodijnyj-zabig-pam%ca%bcyati-majora-oleksiya-chubasheva/
Since the beginning of a large -scale invasion of Russian captivity, 2526 Ukrainians have been released - President
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/z-pochatku-shyrokomasshtabnogo-vtorgnennya-z-rosijskogo-polonu-zvilneno-2526-ukrayincziv-prezydent/
Kherson is introduced restrictions on moving the flooded neighborhood of a ship
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/z-13-chervnya-do-zatoplenogo-mikrorajonu-korabel-hersona-bude-zaboroneno-vyizd/
After a unique surgery with the use of a bone prosthesis, the military started walking
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/pislya-unikalnoyi-operacziyi-iz-vzhyvlennyam-u-kistku-proteza-vijskovyj-pochav-hodyty/
The Armed Forces soldiers knocked down the Russian battle helicopter KA-52
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/voyiny-zsu-zbyly-rosijskyj-bojovyj-vertolit-ka-52/
The PACE requires the Russian Federation to comply with international humanitarian law on Ukrainian prisoners of war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/u-parye-vymagayut-vid-rf-dotrymannya-norm-mizhnarodnogo-gumanitarnogo-prava-shhodo-ukrayinskyh-vijskovopolonenyh/
The enemy focuses on four directions, there took place 23 combat clashes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/vorog-zoseredzhuye-zusyllya-na-chotyroh-napryamkah-tam-vidbulos-23-zitknennya/
Shot Ukrainian prisoners for refusing to communicate with him in Russian: reported suspicion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/rozstrilyav-ukrayinskyh-polonenyh-za-vidmovu-spilkuvatysya-z-nym-rosijskoyu-povidomleno-pro-pidozru-komandyru-rosgvardiyi/
Ukrainian aviation has inflicted eight blows on the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/ukrayinska-aviacziya-zavdala-visim-udariv-po-vorogu/
Canadian Project "Support for Injury": In Kiev, psychiatrists and psychologists of the Armed Forces are taught
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/kanadskyj-proyekt-pidtrymka-travmy-u-kyyevi-navchayut-psyhiatriv-ta-psyhologiv-zsu/
Alexei Reznikov discussed with the Minister of Defense of Estonia strengthening the defense capability of the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/oleksij-reznikov-obgovoryv-iz-ministrom-oborony-estoniyi-zmicznennya-oboronozdatnosti-zsu/
The level of rocket threat is high: the Russian Federation brought to the Black Sea a frigate with eight "calibra"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/riven-raketnoyi-zagrozy-vysokyj-rf-vyvela-u-chorne-more-fregat-iz-vismoma-kalibramy/
Last week of the Armed Forces, 7 settlements were released - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/za-mynulyj-tyzhden-zsu-zvilnyly-7-naselenyh-punktiv-ganna-malyar/
In Kherson region, occupiers evacuate Ukrainian citizens after receiving a bribe
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/na-hersonshhyni-okupanty-evakuyuyut-gromadyan-ukrayiny-pislya-otrymannya-habarya/
DBR handed over to the armed forces a car worth more than $ 1.1 million
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/dbr-peredalo-zbrojnym-sylam-areshtovani-avto-vartistyu-ponad-1-mln/
Undermining Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station: the number of dead increased to ten people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-kilkist-zagyblyh-zbilshylasya-do-desyaty-osib/
Anna Malyar about the situation in the Bakhmut direction: our troops took control of 16 square meters. km
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/ganna-malyar-pro-sytuacziyu-na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-nashi-vijska-vzyaly-pid-kontrol-16-kv-km/
Before Ramstay, Alexei Reznikov “Verified Watches” with Luxembourg Defense Minister
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/pered-ramshtajnom-oleksij-reznikov-zviryv-godynnyky-z-ministrom-oborony-lyuksemburgu/
President held a meeting of the rate: the loss of the enemy as we need
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/prezydent-proviv-zasidannya-stavky-vtraty-u-voroga-taki-yak-nam-potribno/
We are preparing new weapons support from our partners for our soldiers - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/12/gotuyemo-novu-pidtrymku-zbroyeyu-vid-nashyh-partneriv-dlya-nashyh-voyiniv-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
The ECtHR accepted the application for detention in Crimea by civil journalist Danilovich
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3722428-espl-prijnav-do-rozgladu-zvernenna-sodo-zatrimanna-v-krimu-gromadanskoi-zurnalistki-danilovic.html
Crimean Tatar Ibraimov Russians deprived medicines before the stage - Lubinets
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3722344-krimskogo-tatarina-ibraimova-rosiani-pozbavili-likiv-pered-etapuvannam-lubinec.html
In India, a powerful cyclone took at least seven lives
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722364-v-indii-potuznij-ciklon-zabrav-sonajmense-sim-zittiv.html
Water level in Kherson region fell to 2.45 meters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722506-riven-vodi-na-hersonsini-vpav-do-245-metra.html
The Armed Forces partially left the occupiers without connection in the Swativ-Kupyan direction
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/zsu-chastkovo-zalyshyly-okupantiv-bez-zvyazku-na-svativsko-kupyanskomu-napryamku/
In the Kherson neighborhood, the ship continued the curfew
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722504-u-hersonskomu-mikrorajoni-korabel-prodovzili-komendantsku-godinu.html
Tango on the Bones: The Foreign Ministry commented on the calls of Siarto and Putin to stop military assistance to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722503-tango-na-kistkah-u-mzs-prokomentuvali-zakliki-siarto-i-putina-pripiniti-vijskovu-dopomogu-ukraini.html
Zelensky thanked Biden for a new defense package
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722501-zelenskij-podakuvav-bajdenu-za-novij-paket-oboronnoi-dopomogi.html
State Department of Kryvyi Rih: This is another evidence of the Russian Federation campaign for the destruction of Ukrainians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722500-derzdep-pro-udar-po-krivomu-rogu-ce-se-odne-svidcenna-kampanii-rf-zi-znisenna-ukrainciv.html
In Odesa region found salmonella and intestinal infection in the Black Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722499-na-odesini-viavili-salmonelu-ta-kiskovu-infekciu-u-cornomu-mori.html
Yermak discussed with the premiere of India Prime Minister the formula of peace and the situation with the blast of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722498-ermak-obgovoriv-iz-radnikom-premera-indii-formulu-miru-ta-situaciu-z-pidrivom-kahovskoi-ges.html
Kuleba invited Peru to join the Ukrainian formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722497-kuleba-zaprosiv-peru-priednatisa-do-ukrainskoi-formuli-miru.html
Representative of the Armed Forces of Ukraine Angelika Terluga won the "gold" of karate tournament in Japan
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/predstavnyczya-zs-ukrayiny-anzhelika-terlyuga-vygrala-zoloto-turniru-z-karate-u-yaponiyi/
The Russians fired at four settlements of Sumy region and Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722508-rosiani-obstrilali-cotiri-naseleni-punkti-sumsini-ta-cernigivsini.html
In Melitopol, the occupiers were banned from receiving certificates for graduates who do not have a passport of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/u-melitopoli-okupanty-zaboronyly-otrymaty-atestat-vypusknykam-yaki-ne-mayut-pasporta-rf/
In France, a large-scale fake campaign of Russia on the Internet was exposed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722524-u-francii-vikrili-masstabnu-fejkkampaniu-rosii-v-interneti.html
Case of Secret Documents: Trump in Court stated his innocence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722526-sprava-pro-taemni-dokumenti-tramp-u-sudi-zaaviv-pro-svou-nevinuvatist.html
President on Russian attack on Kryvyi Rih: Russian killers continue war against ordinary people
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/prezydent-pro-ataku-rf-na-kryvyj-rig-rosijski-vbyvczi-prodovzhuyut-vijnu-proty-zvychajnyh-lyudej/
The Russian Federation continues to receive components for rockets even from partner countries of Ukraine - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722529-rf-prodovzue-otrimuvati-komponenti-dla-raket-navit-iz-krainpartneriv-ukraini-zelenskij.html
The invaders for a day 21 times fired at Sumy region border, there are dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722527-zagarbniki-za-den-21-raz-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-e-zagibli.html
Enemy loss per day: Almost 500 invaders were eliminated, 20 artisystems and 6 BBM were destroyed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/vtraty-voroga-za-dobu-likvidovano-majzhe-500-okupantiv-znyshheno-20-artsystem-i-6-bbm/
President: In different areas of the Bakhmut direction there is a forward movement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722528-prezident-na-riznih-dilankah-bahmutskogo-napramku-e-ruh-upered.html
The Kakhovskaya Hydroe Cell: Zelensky expects the IAEA group to work soon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722531-ocinka-naslidkiv-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-zelenskij-ocikue-so-grupa-magate-zapracue-najblizcim-casom.html
The government has expanded the list of services that veterans and their families can get in CNAPs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/uryad-rozshyryv-perelik-poslug-yaki-veterany-ta-yihni-simyi-mozhut-otrymaty-v-cznapah/
President Romania has appointed a new premiere
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722358-prezident-rumunii-priznaciv-novogo-premera.html
WARNING!Children are wanted
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3542776-uvaga-rozsukuutsa-diti.html
Business Credits: Shmigal announced a 7.8 billion portfolio guarantee program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722374-krediti-dla-biznesu-smigal-anonsuvav-programu-portfelnih-garantij-na-78-milarda.html
Assistance to Ukraine in overcoming the consequences of the exclusion of the Russian HPP provides 13 countries
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722361-dopomogu-ukraini-u-podolanni-naslidkiv-pidrivu-rosianami-ges-nadaut-13-krain-smigal.html
From the Kherson region under Marinka invaders throw Chechen detachments - forces of defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722362-z-hersonsini-pid-marinku-zagarbniki-perekidaut-cecenski-zagoni-sili-oboroni.html
Ukrainians are warned of dangerous spam distribution allegedly from the capital prosecutor's office
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722368-ukrainciv-poperedzaut-pro-nebezpecnu-spamrozsilku-nibito-vid-stolicnoi-prokuraturi.html
In Ukraine begin to build main water supplies to provide the south - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3722366-v-ukraini-pocinaut-buduvati-magistralni-vodogoni-dla-zabezpecenna-pivdna-smigal.html
In Kherson from the District Ships continue to rescue animals despite the elongated curfew
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722365-u-hersoni-z-mikrorajonu-korabel-prodovzuut-ratuvati-tvarin-popri-podovzenu-komendantsku-godinu.html
Luxembourg Parliament recognized the Holodomor with genocide
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722532-luksemburg-viznav-golodomor-genocidom.html
Presented the design of European Games-2023 medals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3722369-predstavlenij-dizajn-medalej-evropejskih-igor2023.html
In Kryvyi Rih, Russian missiles damaged more than 70 homes and five schools - the Ministry of Internal Affairs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722371-klimenko-rozpoviv-detali-nicnoi-ataki-na-krivij-rig.html
The European Commission can activate extraordinary assistance for farmers of the entire EU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722372-evrokomisia-moze-aktivuvati-nadzvicajnu-dopomogu-dla-fermeriv-usogo-es.html
For the first time, the Louvre was presented icons from the Hanenko Museum
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3722376-u-luvri-vperse-prezentuvali-ikoni-z-muzeu-hanenkiv.html
The Government creates at the ministries and the OVA of the posts of resumption of recovery
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3722377-urad-stvorue-pri-ministerstvah-ta-ova-posadi-zastupnikiv-iz-vidnovlenna.html
Choleras in the southern regions were not found, rotavirus - MoH was recorded in Odesa region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722378-holeri-u-pivdennih-regionah-ne-viavili-na-odesini-zafiksuvali-rotavirus-moz.html
The EU has handed over equipment to Ukraine for the needs of the National Telecommunication Network
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3722379-es-peredav-ukraini-obladnanna-dla-potreb-nacionalnoi-telekomunikacijnoi-merezi.html
According to the proposals for "Redemption from captivity" can be the special services of the Russian Federation - the office of the Ombudsman
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722380-za-propoziciami-pro-vikup-z-polonu-mozut-stoati-specsluzbi-rf-ofis-ombudsmena.html
Bakhmut direction: Defense forces per day destroyed 53 invaders, two were captured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722381-bahmutskij-napramok-sili-oboroni-za-dobu-znisili-53-zagarbnikiv-dvoh-vzali-u-polon.html
The Government has made a decision to continue the portfolio guarantee program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722382-urad-uhvaliv-risenna-so-dozvolit-prodovziti-programu-portfelnih-garantij.html
In Lviv, the head and veterinarian of an animal shelter was released through euthanasia of two healthy dogs
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722386-u-lvovi-zvilnili-kerivnika-ta-veterinara-pritulku-dla-tvarin-cerez-evtanaziu-dvoh-zdorovih-sobak.html
The Kiev Metro received the second batch of Warsaw cars
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3722387-kiivskij-metropoliten-otrimav-drugu-partiu-varsavskih-vagoniv.html
Yelchenko: The UN is a bureaucratic structure, another reaction to the undermining of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station I did not expect
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722388-elcenko-oon-ce-burokraticna-struktura-insoi-reakcii-na-pidriv-kahovskoi-ges-a-ne-ocikuvav.html
The second annual Drone Hackathon "Anti-Shahed" will be held in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3722391-v-ukraini-provedut-drugij-soricnij-drone-hackathon-antishahed.html
Government introduces an experimental project for quick subsidy
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722393-urad-zaprovadzue-eksperimentalnij-proekt-dla-svidkogo-nadanna-subsidij.html
Latvia has allocated to eliminate the consequences of the destruction of the Kakhovka hydroelectric power station € 450 thousand
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722394-latvia-vidilila-na-likvidaciu-naslidkiv-rujnuvanna-kahovskoi-ges-450-tisac.html
The residents of the occupied part of Kherson region were warned about possible provocative sms allegedly from the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722390-meskanciv-okupovanoi-castini-hersonsini-poperedili-pro-mozlivi-provokacijni-sms-nibito-vid-zsu.html
In Bukovina for visitors will open the most in Ukraine the lavender field
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722395-na-bukovini-dla-vidviduvaciv-vidkriut-najbilse-v-ukraini-lavandove-pole.html
The drainage of the Kakhovka reservoir will cause heavy metals with dust - ecologist
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722398-osusenna-kahovskogo-vodoshovisa-spricinit-migraciu-vazkih-metaliv-z-pilom-ekolog.html
The preservation of the fishes of the flooded Dnieper sturgeon plant is unlikely - the State Fisheries Agency
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722400-zberezenna-rib-zatoplenogo-dniprovskogo-osetrovogo-zavodu-e-malojmovirnim-derzribagentstvo.html
The head of the Zaporozhye Ova told about the situation with water in the region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722402-glava-zaporizkoi-ova-rozpoviv-pro-situaciu-z-vodou-v-oblasti.html
In the Kirovohrad region, the "silence mode" was introduced during air anxiety
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722397-na-kirovogradsini-zaprovadili-rezim-tisi-pid-cas-povitranoi-trivogi.html
Carnation: Dubois is a warm -up battle for Usik
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3722403-gvozdik-dubua-rozminocnij-bij-dla-usika.html
In Kryvyi Rih, the families of the dead from rocket stroke will pay ₴ 300 thousand assistance
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722405-u-krivomu-rozi-rodinam-zagiblih-vid-raketnogo-udaru-viplatat-po-300-tisac-dopomogi.html
The Chornovil's ex -deductat was poured green and thrown into the trash - police find out the circumstances
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722410-eksdeputata-cornovola-oblili-zelenkou-i-kinuli-u-smittevij-bak-policia-zasovue-obstavini.html
Departure of children abroad: The SPSU told about changes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722310-viizd-ditej-za-kordon-u-dpsu-rozpovili-pro-zmini.html
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya/
Yelchenko expects a time frame for Ukraine's accession or security guarantees
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722411-elcenko-ocikue-vid-samitu-nato-casovih-ramok-sodo-vstupu-ukraini-abo-garantij-bezpeki.html
The benefactors of the capital and Kyiv region help residents of Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722412-blagodijniki-stolici-ta-kiivsini-dopomagaut-meskancam-hersonsini.html
Government has directed a recovery agency nearly ₴ 18 billion on new reconstruction program
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3722407-urad-spramuvav-agentstvu-vidnovlenna-majze-18-milardiv-na-novu-programu-z-vidbudovi.html
The referees of the Control match Germany - Ukraine will list their fees to help Ukrainians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3722416-arbitri-kontrolnogo-matcu-nimeccina-ukraina-pererahuut-svoi-gonorari-na-dopomogu-ukraincam.html
In the flooded village in Kherson region found a stain of petroleum products
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722417-u-pidtoplenomu-selisi-na-hersonsini-viavili-plamu-naftoproduktiv.html
Snigur beat the tenth world racket at Nottingham Tournament
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3722418-snigur-obigrala-desatu-raketku-svitu-na-turniri-v-nottingemi.html
Grossy went from Kiev to ZPP to evaluate the situation after blasting Kakhovskaya dam
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722421-grossi-virusiv-iz-kieva-na-zaes-dla-ocinki-situacii-pisla-pidrivu-kahovskoi-grebli.html
In Lugansk, powerful explosions in the area of industrial - social networks were heard
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722424-u-lugansku-prolunali-potuzni-vibuhi-v-rajoni-promzoni-socmerezi.html
Butterfly's Vision movie will be shown in Croatia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3722420-film-bacenna-metelika-pokazut-u-horvatii.html
At the front, the situation is dynamic both in terms of defense and from the point of view of the offensive - a painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722426-na-fronti-situacia-dinamicna-i-z-pogladu-oboroni-i-z-pogladu-nastupu-malar.html
In San Francisco, the Ukrainian community met with Ukrainian veterans
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3722427-u-sanfrancisko-ukrainska-gromada-zustrilasa-z-ukrainskimi-veteranami.html
In Kherson, rescuers collect an oil stain that flowed from the Kakhovka hydroelectric power plant - Klimenko
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722429-u-hersoni-ratuvalniki-zbiraut-maslanu-plamu-aka-vitekla-z-kahovskoi-ges-klimenko.html
In Khmelnytskyi, the fragments of a whipped rocket have damaged six homes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722432-na-hmelniccini-ulamki-zbitoi-raketi-poskodili-sist-budinkiv.html
Russia left the Treaty with Ukraine about the Azov Sea and the Kerch Strait
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722434-rosia-vijsla-z-dogovoru-z-ukrainou-pro-azovske-more-i-kercensku-protoku.html
Kherson Ova showed a flooded Chernobayivka
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722436-hersonska-ova-pokazala-pidtoplenu-cornobaivku.html
The young artist from Lviv region was awarded the Order of the Golden Star "Cultural Diplomacy"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3722438-unogo-hudoznika-zi-lvivsini-nagorodili-ordenom-zolotoi-zirki-kulturna-diplomatia.html
The MEPUPATES have called on NATO to open the path to membership at a summit in Vilnius
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722437-evrodeputati-zaklikali-nato-vidkriti-ukraini-slah-do-clenstva-na-samiti-u-vilnusi.html
In Ukraine, two FSB staff will be judged by the civilian in Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722413-v-ukraini-suditimut-dvoh-spivrobitnikiv-fsb-aki-znusalis-nad-civilnimi-na-hersonsini.html
Transcarpathia exposed the largest production of counterfeit household chemicals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722439-na-zakarpatti-vikrili-najmasstabnise-virobnictvo-kontrafaktnoi-pobutovoi-himii.html
In Mariupol, the movement of the tanks of the Russian Federation from Berdyansk is fixed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722443-u-mariupoli-fiksuut-ruh-pidbitih-tankiv-rf-z-berdanskogo-napramku.html
The Ministry of Finance has placed the T -bills for ₴ 2.5 billion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722442-minfin-rozmistiv-ovdp-na-25-milarda.html
The US has announced a new $ 325 million assistance package
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722448-ssa-ogolosili-pro-novij-paket-dopomogi-ukraini-na-325-miljoniv.html
Syria crashed a helicopter - 22 US military was injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722447-u-sirii-zaznav-avarii-vertolit-postrazdali-22-amerikanskih-vijskovih.html
Russia lost in the Tavriysk direction killed and wounded almost four mouths
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722449-rosia-za-dobu-vtratila-na-tavrijskomu-napramku-vbitimi-i-poranenimi-majze-cotiri-roti.html
The court returned to the state nearly a hectare of Belichansk forest lands
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3722453-sud-povernuv-derzavi-majze-gektar-zemel-bilicanskogo-lisu.html
Russians do not produce residents from the captured territories of Zaporizhzhya region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722446-rosiani-ne-vipuskaut-meskanciv-iz-zahoplenih-teritorij-zaporizkoi-oblasti.html
The US is set up to intensify NATO's relations with the Indo-Pacific Region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722456-ssa-nalastovani-posiluvati-zvazki-nato-z-krainami-indotihookeanskogo-regionu.html
50 tons of assistance were handed over to the victims of Kakhovska hydroelectric power plants from Volyn
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722457-z-volini-peredali-50-tonn-gumanitarnoi-dopomogi-postrazdalim-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Putin recognized the unwillingness of the Russian Federation to the raids of volunteers in Belgorod region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722458-putin-viznav-negotovnist-rf-do-rejdiv-dobrovolciv-u-belgorodsku-oblast.html
In the states called to move the trade summit from South Africa through Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722462-u-statah-zaklikali-perenesti-torgovelnij-samit-iz-par-cerez-rosiu.html
In the four directions of the front per day - 22 combat clashes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722464-na-cotiroh-napramkah-frontu-za-dobu-22-bojovi-zitknenna.html
Zelensky instructed to develop a project of the UN General Assembly Resolution on the creation
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722465-zelenskij-doruciv-rozrobiti-proekt-rezolucii-genasamblei-oon-sodo-stvorenna-spectribunalu.html
Kuleba invited Jordan to join the realization of the formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722466-kuleba-zaprosiv-jordaniu-priednatisa-do-realizacii-formuli-miru.html
Products for the Army: The Defense Ministry told where to track the results of purchases
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722509-produkti-dla-armii-u-minoboroni-rozpovili-de-mozna-vidsteziti-rezultati-zakupivel.html
US continued sanctions against Belarus for a year
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/ssha-prodovzhyly-sankcziyi-proty-bilorusi-na-rik/
Return to the pre -war tax system is expected from August 1 - Getmantsev
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722467-povernenna-na-dovoennu-sistemu-opodatkuvanna-ocikuetsa-z-1-serpna-getmancev.html
A sea mines that was taken to the shore after the Kakhovska hydroelectric power station exploded in Odessa region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722468-na-odesini-vibuhnula-morska-mina-aku-vineslo-do-berega-pisla-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Russians fireting out evacuation points in a flooded naked pier - General Staff
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722471-rosiani-obstriluut-evakuacijni-punkti-u-zatoplenij-golij-pristani-genstab.html
As a result of rocket attack on Kryvyi Rih, 36 people were injured
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722472-vnaslidok-raketnoi-ataki-po-krivomu-rogu-postrazdali-36-ludej.html
Rescue boats arrived from Britain to eliminate the consequences
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722473-iz-britanii-pribuli-ratuvalni-covni-dla-likvidacii-naslidkiv-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Ukraine's defense forces went on the offensive and began to return their territories - Stoltenberg
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722480-sili-oboroni-ukraini-pisli-u-nastup-ta-pocali-povertati-svoi-teritorii-stoltenberg.html
Zaluzhny and Millie on the eve of Ramstein meeting discussed priorities for the Armed Forces
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722477-zaluznij-i-milli-naperedodni-zasidanna-ramstajn-obgovorili-prioriteti-dla-zsu.html
The Sudan sides of the war did not take advantage of negotiations for a further truce
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722485-sudanski-ugrupovanna-so-voroguut-ne-skoristalisa-peregovorami-dla-podalsogo-peremira.html
In Kryvyi Rih due to rocket attack, nearly 400 apartments are damaged - Vilkul
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722478-u-krivomu-rozi-vnaslidok-raketnoi-ataki-poskodzeni-majze-400-kvartir-vilkul.html
Ukrainian Yarmolenko left "Al-Ain"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3722479-ukrainec-armolenko-zalisiv-alajn.html
Britain has announced a new package of assistance to Ukraine to strengthen air defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722482-britania-ogolosila-pro-novij-paket-dopomogi-ukraini-dla-posilenna-ppo.html
Putin signed a law on seizure of foreign passports from recruits
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722483-putin-pidpisav-zakon-pro-vilucenna-u-prizovnikiv-zakordonnih-pasportiv.html
Zelensky met with CEO
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722484-zelenskij-zustrivsa-z-generalnim-direktorom-magate.html
Stoltenberg sees signs of success in the offensive of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722487-stoltenberg-bacit-oznaki-uspihu-v-nastupi-ukraini.html
Poltava region sent 14 humanitarian trucks to Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722494-poltavsina-vidpravila-na-hersonsinu-14-vantazivok-z-gumanitarnou-dopomogou.html
More than 3,000 people - Vereshchuk were evacuated from the Kherson Right Bank of Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722490-z-pravoberezza-hersonsini-evakuuvali-ponad-3-000-osib-veresuk.html
Ukraine will no longer celebrate the day of the health worker at the same time with hostile states - Knyazevich
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722489-ukraina-bilse-ne-vidznacatime-den-medpracivnika-odnocasno-z-vorozimi-derzavami-knazevic.html
Ukraine's youth team defeated peers from Kuwait
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3722492-molodizna-zbirna-ukraini-peremogla-odnolitkiv-z-kuvejtu.html
The US interacts with Ukraine in establishing the circumstances of the destruction
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722495-ssa-vzaemodiut-z-ukrainou-u-vstanovlenni-obstavin-znisenna-kahovskoi-ges-derzdep.html
The Ministry of Defense purchases drones according to the need formed by the Armed Forces - painter
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722496-minoboroni-zakupovue-droni-vidpovidno-do-potrebi-aku-formuut-zsu-malar.html
Kuleba invited Peru to join the Ukrainian formula of peace
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722497-kuleba-zaprosiv-peru-priednatisa-do-ukrainskoi-formuli-miru.html
Yermak discussed with the premiere of India Prime Minister the formula of peace and the situation with the blast of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722498-ermak-obgovoriv-iz-radnikom-premera-indii-formulu-miru-ta-situaciu-z-pidrivom-kahovskoi-ges.html
In Odesa region found salmonella and intestinal infection in the Black Sea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722499-na-odesini-viavili-salmonelu-ta-kiskovu-infekciu-u-cornomu-mori.html
State Department of Kryvyi Rih: This is another evidence of the Russian Federation campaign for the destruction of Ukrainians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722500-derzdep-pro-udar-po-krivomu-rogu-ce-se-odne-svidcenna-kampanii-rf-zi-znisenna-ukrainciv.html
Zelensky thanked Biden for a new defense package
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722501-zelenskij-podakuvav-bajdenu-za-novij-paket-oboronnoi-dopomogi.html
Counterintelligence questioned the commander of the enchanting detachment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/kontrrozvidnyky-dopytaly-komandyra-zagorodzhuvalnogo-zagonu-okupantiv/
Tango on the Bones: The Foreign Ministry commented on the calls of Siarto and Putin to stop military assistance to Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722503-tango-na-kistkah-u-mzs-prokomentuvali-zakliki-siarto-i-putina-pripiniti-vijskovu-dopomogu-ukraini.html
In the Kherson neighborhood, the ship continued the curfew
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722504-u-hersonskomu-mikrorajoni-korabel-prodovzili-komendantsku-godinu.html
Water level in Kherson region fell to 2.45 meters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722506-riven-vodi-na-hersonsini-vpav-do-245-metra.html
The Russians fired at four settlements of Sumy region and Chernihiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722508-rosiani-obstrilali-cotiri-naseleni-punkti-sumsini-ta-cernigivsini.html
Products for the Army: The Defense Ministry told where to track the results of purchases
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722509-produkti-dla-armii-u-minoboroni-rozpovili-de-mozna-vidsteziti-rezultati-zakupivel.html
Tkachenko discussed with a French colleague the organization
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3722512-tkacenko-obgovoriv-iz-ministerkou-kulturi-francii-organizaciu-vistavok-proektu-artarmor.html
In Washington, the contents of a new military assistance package of Ukraine were revealed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722516-u-vasingtoni-rozkrili-vmist-novogo-paketa-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
The enemy fired at Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722518-vorog-obstrilue-harkivsinu.html
Zelensky thanked the united expedition forces for strengthening Ukrainian air defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722520-zelenskij-podakuvav-obednanim-ekspedicijnim-silam-za-posilenna-ukrainskoi-ppo.html
Mariupols gathered 11 tons of assistance for the Kakhovskaya Hydroe Backdowns
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722521-mariupolci-zibrali-11-tonn-dopomogi-dla-postrazdalih-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Galushchenko discussed the future visit of the IAEA mission to the Zaporozhye NPP from Gross.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722522-galusenko-obgovoriv-iz-grossi-majbutnij-vizit-misii-magate-na-zaporizku-aes.html
We have to ensure that the terror of the Russian Federation becomes impossible with partners - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722523-maemo-razom-iz-partnerami-zabezpeciti-umovi-abi-teror-rf-stav-nemozlivim-zelenskij.html
In France, a large-scale fake campaign of Russia on the Internet was exposed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722524-u-francii-vikrili-masstabnu-fejkkampaniu-rosii-v-interneti.html
Case of Secret Documents: Trump in Court stated his innocence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722526-sprava-pro-taemni-dokumenti-tramp-u-sudi-zaaviv-pro-svou-nevinuvatist.html
The Russian Federation continues to receive components for rockets even from partner countries of Ukraine - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722529-rf-prodovzue-otrimuvati-komponenti-dla-raket-navit-iz-krainpartneriv-ukraini-zelenskij.html
The invaders for a day 21 times fired at Sumy region border, there are dead
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722527-zagarbniki-za-den-21-raz-obstrilali-prikordonna-sumsini-e-zagibli.html
President: In different areas of the Bakhmut direction there is a forward movement
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722528-prezident-na-riznih-dilankah-bahmutskogo-napramku-e-ruh-upered.html
The Kakhovskaya Hydroe Cell: Zelensky expects the IAEA group to work soon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722531-ocinka-naslidkiv-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges-zelenskij-ocikue-so-grupa-magate-zapracue-najblizcim-casom.html
Luxembourg Parliament recognized the Holodomor with genocide
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722532-luksemburg-viznav-golodomor-genocidom.html
Departure of children abroad: The SPSU told about changes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3722310-viizd-ditej-za-kordon-u-dpsu-rozpovili-pro-zmini.html
Sergey Naev awarded the wounded warriors-defenders
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/sergij-nayev-nagorodyv-poranenyh-voyiniv-zahysnykiv/
Water level in Kakhovka reservoir every hour is reduced by 1-5 centimeters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/riven-vody-u-kahovskomu-vodoshovyshhi-shhogodyny-znyzhuyetsya-na-1-5-santymetriv/
Almost 500 explosive items were neutralized by pyrotechnics per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/majzhe-500-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-zneshkodyly-pirotehniky-za-dobu-2/
The Red Cross is actively working with the Coordination Staff team
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/chervonyh-hrest-aktyvno-spivpraczyuye-z-komandoyu-koordynaczijnogo-shtabu/
Tkachenko discussed with a French colleague the organization
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3722512-tkacenko-obgovoriv-iz-ministerkou-kulturi-francii-organizaciu-vistavok-proektu-artarmor.html
During the offensive in the Bakhmut and Toretsky directions of the Armed Forces have success
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/pid-chas-nastupu-na-bahmutskomu-ta-toreczkomu-napryamkah-zsu-mayut-uspih/
Only after eliminating the consequences of flooding, demining and researching the land of agrarians will receive recommendations for their use - Andriy Kravchenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/lyshe-pislya-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-poveni-rozminuvannya-ta-naukovyh-doslidzhen-zemel-agrariyi-otrymayut-rekomendacziyi-shhodo-yihnogo-vykorystannya-andrij-kravchenko/
The Ministry of Defense put "on weapons" and began the purchase of new models of bulletproof vests and helmets - Denis Sharapov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/minoborony-postavylo-na-ozbroyennya-ta-rozpochalo-zakupivlyu-novyh-modelej-bronezhyletiv-i-sholomiv-denys-sharapov/
Partial loss of performance: what amount will be paid to a serviceman
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/chastkova-vtrata-praczezdatnosti-yaku-sumu-vyplatyat-vijskovosluzhbovczyu/
Anna Malyar told about the liberation of new territories for the Defense Forces of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/ganna-malyar-rozpovila-pro-zvilnennya-novyh-terytorij-sylamy-oborony-ukrayiny/
In Washington, the contents of a new military assistance package of Ukraine were revealed
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722516-u-vasingtoni-rozkrili-vmist-novogo-paketa-vijskovoi-dopomogi-ukraini.html
In the Kherson neighborhood, the island will conduct liquidation and stabilization measures - Igor Klimenko
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/u-hersonskomu-mikrorajoni-ostriv-provedut-likvidaczijni-ta-stabilizaczijni-zahody-igor-klymenko/
In places of combustion of soil contamination technique, oil products exceeds 200 times - Roman Palamarchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/u-misczyah-zgoryannya-tehniky-zabrudnennya-gruntu-naftoproduktamy-perevyshhuye-normu-u-200-raziv-roman-palamarchuk/
Today the threats of Black Sea burning through Kakhovskaya Hydroment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/na-sogodni-zagrozy-oprisnennya-chornogo-morya-cherez-pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-nemaye/
In Belgorod region, Putin's mode is conducting rigid filtration measures - GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/gur-rezhym-putina-na-bilgorodshhyni-zvynuvachuye-naselennya-v-zradi-i-provodyt-zhorstki-filtraczijni-zahody/
Due to the bombardment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/cherez-bombarduvannya-vijskovyh-obyektiv-u-2022-roczi-zbytky-dovkillyu-syagayut-majzhe-300-mlrd-grn/
The first lady, along with the military, met with children who showed personal heroism during the war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/persha-ledi-razom-z-vijskovymy-zustrilasya-z-ditmy-yaki-proyavyly-osobystyj-geroyizm-pid-chas-vijny/
Moldova sent help to eliminate the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/moldova-napravyla-dopomogu-dlya-likvidacziyi-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
The enemy fired at Kharkiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722518-vorog-obstrilue-harkivsinu.html
The world must know the full truth about every crime against freedom - Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/svit-maye-znaty-povnu-pravdu-pro-kozhen-zlochyn-proty-svobody-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
The Forum "Respect. Experience. Perspective ”, dedicated to dialogue about the needs of veterans
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/u-kyyevi-vidbudetsya-forum-povaga-dosvid-perspektyva-prysvyachenyj-dialogu-pro-potreby-veteraniv/
We are working to approve 11 packages against Russia - Jessica Rosval
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/my-praczyuyemo-nad-tym-shhoby-uhvalyty-11-paket-sankczij-proty-rf-dzhesika-rosval/
Where to seek psychological assistance to the victims of Kakhovskaya Hydroe Public Hydroment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/kudy-zvertatysya-za-psyhologichnoyu-dopomogoyu-postrazhdalym-vid-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
In Ukraine will celebrate the day of a medical worker on July 27 - the President signed a decree
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/v-ukrayini-vidznachatymut-den-medychnogo-praczivnyka-27-lypnya-prezydent-pidpysav-ukaz/
The invaders are actively exporting looted property from the flooded settlements of Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/zagarbnyky-aktyvno-vyvozyat-nagrabovane-majno-iz-zatoplenyh-naselenyh-punktiv-hersonshhyny/
Lithuania has started investigating the illegal export of Ukrainian children to Belarus
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/lytva-rozpochala-rozsliduvannya-nezakonnogo-vyvezennya-ukrayinskyh-ditej-do-bilorusi/
The Armed Forces missile troops were eliminated by three management points and three enemy artillery units
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/raketni-vijska-zsu-likviduvaly-try-punkty-upravlinnya-ta-try-artylerijski-pidrozdily-voroga/
Ilya Kovtun's army gymnast won "gold" and "bronze" at the World Cup Cup
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/armijskyj-gimnast-illya-kovtun-zdobuv-zoloto-ta-bronzu-na-kubku-svitovogo-vyklyku/
Air defense forces destroyed 11 winged missiles and shock drone
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/syly-ppo-znyshhyly-11-krylatyh-raket-ta-udarnyj-dron/
Zelensky thanked the united expedition forces for strengthening Ukrainian air defense
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3722520-zelenskij-podakuvav-obednanim-ekspedicijnim-silam-za-posilenna-ukrainskoi-ppo.html
Under Avdiivka and Marinka, the enemy throws back up from Kherson region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/pid-avdiyivku-i-maryinku-vorog-perekydaye-pidkriplennya-z-hersonshhyny/
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants: South residents are urged to refrain from consuming crude water
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-meshkancziv-pivdnya-zaklykayut-utrymatysya-vid-spozhyvannya-neochyshhenoyi-vody/
Tomorrow in Kryvyi Rih announced the day of mourning for the dead as a result of the Russian attack
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/zavtra-u-kryvomu-rozi-ogolosheno-den-zhaloby-za-zagyblymy-vnaslidok-rosijskoyi-ataky/
From the next meeting in Ramstein format we expect a positive decision to provide aircraft - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/vid-chergovoyi-zustrichi-u-formati-ramshtajn-ochikuyemo-pozytyvnogo-rishennya-v-pytanni-nadannya-litakiv-yurij-ignat/
Landing units of the Russian Federation, which change the "Wagnets" under Bakhmut, arrive at positions already demotivated - Sergey Cherevaty
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/desantni-pidrozdily-rf-yaki-minyayut-vagnerivcziv-pid-bahmutom-prybuvayut-na-pozycziyi-vzhe-demotyvovanymy-sergij-cherevatyj/
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants: 3,600 houses remain flooded, 707 people are rescued
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-zalyshayutsya-pidtoplenymy-3600-budynkiv-vryatovano-707-osib/
Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants: South residents are recommended to use tablets for water disinfection
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/pidryv-kahovskoyi-ges-meshkanczyam-pivdnya-rekomenduyut-vykorystovuvaty-tabletky-dlya-znezarazhennya-vody/
The drainage of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power plants will cause heavy metals with dust - Roman Palamarchuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/osushennya-kahovskoyi-ges-sprychynyt-migracziyu-vazhkyh-metaliv-z-pylom-roman-palamarchuk/
Volunteers do physicians join the work of the medical front in the victims of flooding regions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/medyky-dobrovolczi-doyednayutsya-do-roboty-medychnogo-frontu-u-postrazhdalyh-vid-poveni-regionah/
In the area of environmental disaster found cholera and Escherichia coli - a representative of the State Inspectorate about the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/u-zoni-ekologichnoyi-katastrofy-vyyavyly-holernu-ta-kyshkovu-palychky-predstavnyk-derzhekoinspekcziyi-pro-naslidky-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
The notification of inhuman occupation of occupiers in Kherson region is shocking - Bridget Brink
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/povidomlennya-pro-nelyudske-povodzhennya-okupnativ-v-hersoni-ye-shokuyuchymy-bridzhyt-brink/
Mariupols gathered 11 tons of assistance for the Kakhovskaya Hydroe Backdowns
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722521-mariupolci-zibrali-11-tonn-dopomogi-dla-postrazdalih-vid-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Президент України відзначив нагородами 133 захисників, із них 130 — посмертно
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/prezydent-ukrayiny-vidznachyv-nagorodamy-133-zahysnyka-iz-nyh-130-posmertno/
The Prosecutor General's Office has documented more than 110,000 crimes against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/ofis-generalnogo-prokurora-zadokumentuvav-ponad-110-tysyach-zlochyniv-proty-ukrayiny/
The situation on the front is dynamically developing - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/sytuacziya-na-fronti-dynamichno-rozvyvayetsya-ganna-malyar/
The dead people, dozens of wounded in hospitals: the consequences of the Russian attack on Kryvyi Rih
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/zagybli-myrni-lyudy-desyatky-poranenyh-u-likarnyah-naslidky-rosijskoyi-ataky-po-kryvomu-rogu/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day struck 11 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/aviacziya-syl-oborony-za-dobu-zavdala-11-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka-2/
120 settlements of Ukraine fired Rosarmia for the past day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/120-naselenyh-punktiv-ukrayiny-obstrilyala-rosarmiya-za-mynulu-dobu/
Rescuers promptly collect an oil stain that flowed from the Kakhovska Hydroda - Igor Klimenko machine hall
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/ryatuvalnyky-operatyvno-zbyrayut-maslyanu-plyamu-yaka-vytekla-z-mashynnogo-zalu-kahovskoyi-ges-igor-klymenko/
In the Black and Azov Seas, the army of the Russian Federation holds 3 enemy ships
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/u-chornomu-ta-azovskomu-moryah-armiya-rf-trymaye-3-vorozhi-korabli/
Ukrainians should not scare the amount of hostile information and its brightness - Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/ukrayincziv-ne-povynna-lyakaty-kilkist-vorozhoyi-informacziyi-ta-yiyi-yaskravist-ganna-malyar/
Outbreak of infectious diseases as a result of Kakhovskaya Hydrod
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/spalahu-infekczijnyh-hvorob-vnaslidok-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-narazi-ne-zafiksovano/
Galushchenko discussed the future visit of the IAEA mission to the Zaporozhye NPP from Gross.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722522-galusenko-obgovoriv-iz-grossi-majbutnij-vizit-misii-magate-na-zaporizku-aes.html
The Ministry of Defense of Ukraine purchases military drones according to the need that form the Armed Forces
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/minoborony-ukrayiny-zakupovuye-drony-vijskovogo-pryznachennya-zgidno-z-tiyeyu-potreboyu-shho-formuyut-zsu/
Alexei Reznikov met with US Ambassador to Ukraine and newly appointed defense attaches at the United States Embassy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/oleksij-reznikov-zustrivsya-z-poslom-ssha-v-ukrayini-ta-novopryznachenym-atashe-z-pytan-oborony-pry-posolstvi-spoluchenyh-shtativ/
The head of state met with CEO
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/glava-derzhavy-zustrivsya-z-generalnym-dyrektorom-magate/
Helping South of Ukraine with drinking water: the government has allocated funds for the construction of new main water supply
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/dopomoga-pivdnyu-ukrayiny-z-pytnoyu-vodoyu-uryad-vydilyv-koshty-na-budivnycztvo-novyh-magistralnyh-vodogoniv/
Our defense forces achieve great results on the battlefield - Alexei Reznikov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/nashi-syly-oborony-dosyagayut-velykyh-rezultativ-na-poli-boyu-oleksij-reznikov/
The enemy made 29 aviation blows and made about 20 shelling of the RSSV
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/vorog-zavdav-29-aviaczijnyh-udariv-ta-zdijsnyv-blyzko-20-obstriliv-z-rszv/
The US has announced a new military assistance package to Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/ssha-ogolosyly-pro-novyj-paket-vijskovoyi-dopomogy-ukrayini-2/
The President discussed possible scenarios for the creation of a special international tribunal on the crime of aggression against Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/prezydent-obgovoryv-mozhlyvi-sczenariyi-stvorennya-speczialnogo-mizhnarodnogo-trybunalu-shhodo-zlochynu-agresiyi-proty-ukrayiny/
A powerful support package of Ukraine at the Vilnius Summit is expected - Anthony Blinken
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/ochikuyetsya-potuzhnyj-paket-pidtrymky-ukrayiny-na-samiti-u-vilnyusi-entoni-blinken/
The occupiers are robbing houses in flooded settlements on the Left Bank of Kherson Region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/okupanty-grabuyut-budynky-u-zatoplenyh-naselenyh-punktah-na-livoberezhzhi-hersonshhyny/
At night the Russians hit the residential p ’.
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/unochi-rosiyany-vdaryly-po-zhytlovij-pyatypoverhivczi-u-kryvomu-rozi-ye-postrazhdali/
We have to ensure that the terror of the Russian Federation becomes impossible with partners - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3722523-maemo-razom-iz-partnerami-zabezpeciti-umovi-abi-teror-rf-stav-nemozlivim-zelenskij.html
30 settlements in Kherson region and 31 are flooded - Denis Shmigal - Denis Shmigal -
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/pidtoplenymy-zalyshayutsya-30-naselenyh-punktiv-na-hersonshhyni-ta-31-na-mykolayivshhyni-denys-shmygal/
Valery Zaluzhni had a telephone conversation with General Mark Millie
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/valerij-zaluzhnyj-proviv-telefonnu-rozmovu-z-generalom-markom-milli/
Detained FSB agent who spied on the centers of preparation of the Armed Forces for counter -offensive
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/zatrymano-agenta-fsb-yakyj-shpyguvav-za-czentramy-pidgotovky-zsu-do-kontrnastupu/
Latvia has allocated 430 thousand euros to eliminate the effects of Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/latviya-vydilyla-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-rujnuvannya-kahovskoyi-ges-430-tysyach-yevro/
NATO Allies Support for Ukraine changes the situation on the battlefield - Jens Stoltenberg
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/pidtrymka-soyuznykiv-po-nato-dlya-ukrayiny-zminyuye-sytuacziyu-na-poli-boyu-yens-stoltenberg/
Residents of flooded areas can receive funds for housing repair within the Equinosity program
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/zhyteli-pidtoplenyh-vnaslidok-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges-rajoniv-mozhut-otrymaty-koshty-na-remont-zhytla-v-ramkah-programy-yevidnovlennya/
We have to ensure that Russian terror is impossible with partners to ensure that Russian terror becomes impossible - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/mayemo-razom-iz-partneramy-zabezpechyty-fizychno-taki-umovy-shhob-rosijskyj-teror-stav-nemozhlyvym-prezydent-ukrayiny/
Drones of SCO of Ukraine destroy the enemy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/udarni-drony-sso-ukrayiny-znyshhuyut-voroga/
The Government has decided to overcome the consequences
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/uryad-uhvalyv-rishennya-shhodo-podolannya-naslidkiv-pidryvu-kahovskoyi-ges/
Short. War. Day 475. Videoodigest
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/13/korotko-vijna-den-475-videodajdzhest/
ECB urged eurozone banks to leave Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722538-ecb-zaklikav-banki-evrozoni-zalisiti-rosiu.html
Pentagon's head went to Ramstein to Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722537-glava-pentagonu-virusiv-na-ramstajn-do-nimeccini.html
In the UN warned of rising food prices after the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722383-v-oon-poperedzaut-pro-zrostanna-cin-na-prodovolstvo-pisla-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Poland's ambassador visited Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722535-posol-polsi-vidvidav-hersonsinu.html
In Australia Diaspora lobbies supply to Ukraine F-16
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3722510-u-avstralii-diaspora-lobiue-postacanna-ukraini-f16.html
In Australia Diaspora lobbies supply to Ukraine F-16
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3722510-u-avstralii-diaspora-lobiue-postacanna-ukraini-f16.html
Poland's ambassador visited Kherson region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3722535-posol-polsi-vidvidav-hersonsinu.html
In the UN warned of rising food prices after the Kakhovskaya hydroelectric power station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722383-v-oon-poperedzaut-pro-zrostanna-cin-na-prodovolstvo-pisla-pidrivu-kahovskoi-ges.html
Pentagon's head went to Ramstein to Germany
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3722537-glava-pentagonu-virusiv-na-ramstajn-do-nimeccini.html
ECB urged eurozone banks to leave Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3722538-ecb-zaklikav-banki-evrozoni-zalisiti-rosiu.html
The coordination headquarters took place online meeting with families of defenders of the island Snake
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/06/14/u-koordynaczijnomu-shtabi-vidbulasya-onlajn-zustrich-z-rodynamy-zahysnykiv-ostrova-zmiyinyj/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Ukrainian-Russian War News texts can be accessed at the website=====