乌俄战争新闻 Ukrainian-Russian War News 2023-04-07

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====

At Caurus Directory Russia Army Shellle Topoli, Fholiva, Yard, Masutiva, Buynsk, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4423
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Makiyivka, Nevske, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4424
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Minkivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarkov ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4425
JSC Avdiivka And Marinka Directiones Ruscian of the Army Shelled Novokalin, Berdyshi, Lastochkin ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4426
JSC Shaktarske Directio Rusian of the Army Shelled Novomikhailivka, Khaledar, Augustrivka Andii.
https://t.me/lumsrc/4427
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka and Novopil of Donetsk r...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4428
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4429
Chernihivska Oblast, Sumska Oblast(22:26). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take co...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42701
NSDC and government prepare sanctions against persons working for Russian aggression - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3693104-rnbo-ta-urad-gotuut-sankcii-proti-osib-aki-pracuut-na-rosijsku-agresiu-zelenskij.html
At Caurus Director Russia Army Shellle Topoli, Fholivka, NovoMilnsk, Yard, West, ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4431
Albania has extended the validity of Ukrainians' protection
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692931-albania-prodovzila-termin-dii-zahistu-ukrainciv.html
At Lyman direction Russian army shelled Nevske, Dibrova, Bilohorivka of Luhansk region and Te...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4432
Zelensky about the meetings: The main attention is the battles for Avdiivka, Bakhmut and Luhansk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693103-zelenskij-pro-zasidanna-stavki-osnovna-uvaga-boam-za-avdiivku-bahmut-ta-lugansinu.html
Bakhmut Directio Rusian Army Shelled Vasukivka, Orikhovo-Vasylivka, Novomarkove, Bakhmut ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4433
The Defense Ministry told how to accelerate the demining of the territory of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692864-u-minoboroni-rozpovili-ak-mozna-prisvidsiti-rozminuvanna-teritorii-ukraini.html
At Avdiyivka and Maryinka directions Russian army shelled Novokalynove, Avdiyivka, Netaylove,...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4434
The President celebrated 771 Ukrainian warrior state awards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693101-prezident-vidznaciv-derzavnimi-nagorodami-771-ukrainskogo-voina.html
JSC Shaktarske Directio Rusian of the Army Schelled Kalledar, the fertilizer And the Great Novosilka of D ...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4435
States consider the appearance of secret files to the network with a real origins behind which Russia stands - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693100-stati-vvazaut-poavu-v-merezi-sekretnih-fajliv-spravznim-vitokom-za-akim-stoit-rosia-zmi.html
At Zaporizhzhia and Kherson directions Russian army shelled Vremivka of Donetsk region; Hulia...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4436
Respect for international relations will return when Ukraine returns Crimea - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3693102-povaga-u-miznarodni-vidnosini-povernetsa-koli-ukraina-poverne-krim-zelenskij.html
Russian forces conducting offensive actions at Lyman, Bakhmut, Avdiivka and Maryinka directio...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4437
A Petition of Returning a Military Award at ₴ 30,000 gathered the required number of votes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693099-peticia-pro-povernenna-vijskovim-premii-u-30-tisac-zibrala-neobhidnu-kilkist-golosiv.html
Prometheus - Volleyball Champion of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693098-prometej-cempion-ukraini-z-volejbolu.html
In the Austrian Security Strategy, Russia still has the status of an "important partner" on the level with the United States
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692944-v-avstrijskij-strategii-bezpeki-rosia-dosi-mae-status-vazlivogo-partnera-na-rivni-iz-ssa.html
Kostyuk: At a meeting with WTA, I asked a simple question - is we in equal terms about Russian and Belarus?
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693095-kostuk-na-zustrici-z-wta-a-postavila-proste-pitanna-ci-v-rivnih-mi-umovah-sodo-rosianok-i-bilorusok.html
Russian tried to get to Ukraine according to fake documents
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692893-rosianka-namagalas-potrapiti-do-ukraini-za-pidroblenimi-dokumentami.html
A petition about demobilization of the military after 18 months of service gathered the necessary votes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693093-peticia-pro-demobilizaciu-vijskovih-pisla-18-misaciv-sluzbi-zibrala-neobhidni-golosi.html
The Russians fired at five communities in Sumy region - 125 "arrivals"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693091-rosiani-obstrilali-pat-gromad-na-sumsini-125-prilotiv.html
Dzhemilev urged Muslim countries to overcome fear of Russia and support Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3693088-dzemilev-zaklikav-musulmanski-kraini-podolati-strah-pered-rosieu-j-pidtrimati-ukrainu.html
Abbey Mjorfi's American abandoned the fastest puck on a hockey chief
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693087-amerikanka-abbi-morfi-zakinula-najsvidsu-v-istorii-sajbu-na-cs-z-hokeu.html
At the Airline in Voronezh there was an explosion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693083-na-aviazavodi-u-voronezi-prolunav-vibuh.html
Ukraine restores electricity exports
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3693082-ukraina-vidnovlue-eksport-elektroenergii.html
Crimea's de -occupation is non -alternative not only for Ukraine but also for the world - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3693078-deokupacia-krimu-e-bezalternativnou-ne-lise-dla-ukraini-a-dla-vsogo-svitu-zelenskij.html
Ukrainian basketball player Kravtsov became the player "Ittikhad"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693077-ukrainskij-basketbolist-kravcov-stav-gravcem-ittihada.html
In the Kyiv region found the remains of Russian drone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693075-na-kiivsini-viavili-zaliski-rosijskogo-bezpilotnika.html
Blinken urged China to persuade Russia to respect Ukraine's sovereignty
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693071-blinken-zaklikav-kitaj-perekonati-rosiu-povazati-suverenitet-ukraini.html
Zelensky announced the launch of a new tradition in Ukraine - Iftaru
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693070-zelenskij-ogolosiv-pro-zapocatkuvanna-v-ukraini-novoi-tradicii-iftaru.html
In Kharkiv, three people exploded on an explosive in the field
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693069-na-harkivsini-troe-ludej-pidirvalisa-na-vibuhivci-u-poli.html
Beleniuk: We need to fight the tolerance of the Russians, otherwise our athletes will be hostages
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693068-belenuk-potribno-borotisa-z-dopuskom-rosian-inakse-zarucnikami-stanut-nasi-sportsmeni.html
2 person wounded as result of Russian shelling in Ochakiv this morning
https://t.me/suspilnemykolaiv/23979
Donetsk Oblast(09:04). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42705
Donetsk Oblast(10:05). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42707
Chernihivska Oblast(10:13). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnechernihiv/17397
Sumska Oblast(10:13). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42709
3 person wounded, including 2 children as result of Russian shelling in Stanislav village of ...
https://t.me/hueviyherson/37620
At Sivershchyna and Slobozhanschyna directions Russian army shelled Leonivka, Hremyach, Novov...
https://t.me/lumsrc/4430
Russian air defense reportedly shot down Ukrainian Leleka-100 UAV over Khomutovsky district o...
https://t.me/shot_shot/49937
Kharkiv, Kharkivska Oblast(11:42). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42713
Ukrainian air defense shot down Russian Su-25 near Maryinka
https://t.me/ukrpravda_news/29335
Sumska Oblast, Chernihivska Oblast(13:45). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take co...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42716
Zaporizka Oblast(15:01). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/suspilnezaporizhzhya/11933
Sumska Oblast(15:25). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42720
Cherkaska Oblast(18:24). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42723
Mykolaiv, Mykolaiv region, Kherson, Kherson region, Kirovohrad region (18:25). Red and ...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42726
Kyiv(18:28). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/KyivCityOfficial/6426
Vinnytska Oblast(18:27). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42727
Odeska Oblast, Kyiv Oblast(18:30). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42730
Explosions were reported in Voronezh
https://t.me/channel24_ua/83771
Shelling reported in Bilozerka of Kherson region
https://t.me/hueviyherson/37644
Kherson, Khersonska Oblast(19:53). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take cover now!
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42739
The OP was called Russian bluff publication allegedly documents on Ukraine's counter -offensive
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692907-v-op-nazvali-rosijskim-blefom-publikaciu-nibito-dokumentiv-pro-kontrnastup-ukraini.html
2 loud explosions were reported in Melitopol
https://t.me/info_zp/32606
The enemy in a day more than 100 times fired at Gulyaypole and Orikhiv in Zaporozhye
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692909-vorog-za-dobu-ponad-100-raziv-obstrilav-gulajpole-ta-orihiv-na-zaporizzi.html
The invaders abducted four employees of the ZEP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692910-zagarbniki-vikrali-cotiroh-pracivnikiv-zaes.html
Sumska Oblast, Chernihivska Oblast(20:55). Red Alert: aerial threat. Sirens sounding. Take co...
https://t.me/air_alert_ua/42742
Russian aviation launched several guided bombs at Beryslav district
https://t.me/hueviyherson/37650
The SBU reported the suspicion of "political scientist" Medvedchuk, who is hiding in Crimea
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3692911-sbu-povidomila-pro-pidozru-politologu-medvedcuka-akij-hovaetsa-v-krimu.html
Zagreb Dynamo was headed by UEFA Champions League winner
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692912-zagrebske-dinamo-ocoliv-peremozec-ligi-cempioniv-uefa.html
The media found out why it was delayed to assist Ukraine from the sale of the Chelsea football club
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692913-zmi-diznalis-comu-zataguetsa-nadanna-dopomogi-ukraini-vid-prodazu-futbolnogo-klubu-celsi.html
Ukraine's women's national team defeated the Bulgarian at the World Hockey Championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692914-zinoca-zbirna-ukraini-rozgromila-bolgarok-na-cempionati-svitu-z-hokeu.html
Counteraction to the leakage of information and the situation at the front: Zelensky held a rate meeting
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692919-protidia-vitoku-informacii-ta-situacia-na-fronti-zelenskij-proviv-zasidanna-stavki.html
The court did not allow Privatbank exactionist to cancel credit agreements with the NBU
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692918-sud-ne-dozvoliv-eksakcioneru-privatbanku-anuluvati-kreditni-dogovori-z-nbu.html
Prague presented a multimedia project "Ukrainian Renaissance"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3692861-u-prazi-prezentuvali-multimedijnij-proekt-ukrainske-vidrodzenna.html
China has introduced sanctions against Reagan's Library and Hudson Institute
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692920-kitaj-zaprovadiv-sankcii-proti-biblioteki-rejgana-j-institutu-gudzona.html
The exhibition of folk art "Easter Pysanka" opened in Vinnitsa
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3692923-u-vinnici-vidkrilasa-vistavka-narodnogo-mistectva-velikodna-pisanka.html
The government agreed to the appointment of Ruslan Kravchenko by the head of the Kiev Regional State Administration
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693039-urad-pogodiv-priznacenna-ruslana-kravcenka-golovou-kiivskoi-oda.html
Robbery of the cell of the Lavra Viking from the PCU: Police of Kiev checks information
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692926-pograbuvanna-kelii-namisnika-lavri-vid-pcu-policia-kieva-perevirae-informaciu.html
The occupiers in the Kherson region are robbing agrarians who refuse to work under the laws of the Russian Federation - Khlan
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692927-okupanti-na-hersonsini-grabuut-agrariiv-aki-vidmovlautsa-pracuvati-za-zakonami-rf-hlan.html
The new police officer was appointed in Odesa region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692929-na-odesini-priznacili-novogo-kerivnika-policii.html
Frankivsk deputies demand to ban the activities of the UOC MP
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692934-frankivski-deputati-vimagaut-zaboroniti-dialnist-upc-mp.html
About 85% of damaged energy infrastructure was restored in Kyiv region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3692936-na-kiivsini-vidnovleno-blizko-85-poskodzenih-obektiv-energoinfrastrukturi.html
The government supported the decision to apply sectoral sanctions against Syria
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692932-urad-pidtrimav-risenna-zastosuvati-sektoralni-sankcii-proti-sirii.html
The Cabinet of Ministers approved the State Policy Strategy for internal movement by 2025
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692935-kabmin-shvaliv-strategiu-derzpolitiki-sodo-vnutrisnogo-peremisenna-do-2025-roku.html
In the Carpathian region, a cyclone broke out for three days - in some places up to 25 centimeters of snow
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692939-na-prikarpatti-tri-dni-viruvav-ciklon-podekudi-namelo-do-25-santimetriv-snigu.html
Xi Jinping bowed Macron to "confrontation" from the USA - Reuters
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692943-si-czinpin-shilav-makrona-do-protistoanna-z-ssa-reuters.html
At the checkpoint "Porubne - Siret" suspended the registration of trucks through protests in Romania
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692942-u-punkti-propusku-porubne-siret-prizupinili-oformlenna-vantazivok-cerez-protesti-v-rumunii.html
GUR ABOUT WITH THE DOCUMENT OF CONTRACTS DOCUMENTS: Russia conducts its special operations in Photoshop
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692948-gur-pro-vitik-sekretnih-dokumentiv-sodo-kontrnastupu-rosia-provodit-svoi-specoperacii-u-fotosopi.html
The government approved the creation of the Humanitarian Demand Center
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692945-urad-shvaliv-stvorenna-centru-gumanitarnogo-rozminuvanna.html
The Government has determined the procedure for payment of cash assistance in case of death or disability of volunteers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692947-urad-viznaciv-poradok-viplati-grosovoi-dopomogi-u-razi-zagibeli-abo-invalidnosti-volonteriv.html
UPL called the best player and trainer of the moon
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692949-upl-nazvala-najkrasih-gravca-ta-trenera-misaca.html
The Kiev Rifle Battalion is completing a coordination: how fighters train
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3692953-strileckij-bataljon-kieva-zaversue-zlagodzenna-ak-trenuutsa-bijci.html
Toyota will release 10 new models of electric vehicles by 2026
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3692954-toyota-vipustit-10-novih-modelej-elektroavtomobiliv-do-2026-roku.html
In Kropyvnytskyi SBU, she eliminated a bot farm that worked for special services of
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692840-u-kropivnickomu-sbu-likviduvala-botofermu-aka-pracuvala-na-specsluzbi-rosii.html
In Ukraine, thunderstorms - forecasters are activated due to warming
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692957-v-ukraini-cerez-poteplinna-aktivizuutsa-grozi-sinoptik.html
In Berislav, the "fast", wounded paramedics were hit by the Russians.
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692958-na-hersonsini-pid-obstril-rosian-potrapila-svidka-poraneni-feldseri.html
The Russian ruble has fallen to the annual minimum
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692962-kurs-rosijskogo-rubla-vpav-do-ricnogo-minimumu.html
In Ukraine, the first bone marrow donor from the National Register was selected for the first time
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692961-v-ukraini-vperse-pidibrali-donora-kistkovogo-mozku-z-nacionalnogo-reestru.html
Ukrainian Molchanov released the final of the ATP tournament in Italy in a paired discharge
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692963-ukrainec-molcanov-vijsov-u-final-turniru-atp-v-italii-u-parnomu-rozradi.html
The expeditions were rotated at the Academician Vernadsky Station
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692964-na-stancii-akademik-vernadskij-vidbulasa-rotacia-ekspedicij.html
Zelensky noted 771 servicemen awards, 247 - posthumously
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692965-zelenskij-vidznaciv-nagorodami-771-vijskovosluzbovca-247-posmertno.html
The Netherlands provide € 40 million for the purchase of seeds and equipment for Ukrainian farmers
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692969-niderlandi-nadaut-40-miljoniv-na-zakupivlu-nasinna-ta-obladnanna-dla-ukrainskih-agrariiv.html
The invaders fired the village in Kharkiv region, the civilian
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692967-zagarbniki-obstrilali-selo-na-harkivsini-zaginuv-civilnij.html
Among the Russian military has increased sharply the number of people who want to surrender
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692972-sered-rosijskih-vijskovih-rizko-zbilsilasa-kilkist-ohocih-zdatisa-v-polon-gur.html
The army of the Russian Federation fired at mortars in Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692974-armia-rf-obstrilala-z-minometiv-selo-na-sumsini.html
In the capital, the contenders for this year's Art Prize "Kiev" were identified
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3692940-u-stolici-viznacili-pretendentiv-na-zdobutta-cogoricnoi-misteckoi-premii-kiiv.html
Vorskla beat Ingulets at the start of the 20th round of UPL
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3692976-vorskla-obigrala-ingulec-na-starti-20go-turu-upl.html
In Russia, groups of activists are ready for the armed resistance of the regime - Yusov
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692975-u-rosii-zavlautsa-grupi-aktivistiv-gotovi-do-zbrojnogo-oporu-rezimu-usov.html
The artist and sculptor from Kharkiv Anton Derbilov was killed in Luhansk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692977-na-lugansini-zaginuv-hudoznik-ta-skulptor-iz-harkova-anton-derbilov.html
The Government has simplified the procedure for accessing the infrastructure of electricity objects
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692978-urad-sprostiv-proceduru-dostupu-do-infrastrukturi-obektiv-elektroenergetiki.html
Ukraine suspends grain exports to Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692981-ukraina-prizupinae-eksport-zbizza-do-polsi.html
Security issue will be among the priority for many more years - Shmigal
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692982-pitanna-bezpeki-bude-sered-prioritetnih-se-bagato-rokiv-smigal.html
The Cabinet reviewed the amount of payment for excise duty
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692980-kabmin-pereglanuv-rozmir-plati-za-akcizni-marki.html
Another Georgian military was killed in Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692979-v-ukraini-zaginuv-se-odin-gruzinskij-vijskovij.html
The Government has continued the Ministry of Finance's right to grant credit guarantees for Naftogaz
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692984-urad-prodovziv-pravo-minfinu-nadavati-kreditni-garantii-dla-naftogazu.html
In Nova Kakhovka, the Russians bury at the crossroads barrels with unknown content
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692985-u-novij-kahovci-rosiani-zakopuut-na-perehrestah-bocki-z-nevidomim-vmistom.html
The Museum of the Ukrainian Diaspora in Kiev presented the first solo exhibition of Elena Ovchinnikova
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-diaspora/3692986-muzej-ukrainskoi-diaspori-v-kievi-prezentuvav-persu-personalnu-vistavku-oleni-ovcinnikovoi.html
Zelensky appointed the heads of three military administrations in Luhansk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692987-zelenskij-priznaciv-ocilnikiv-troh-vijskovih-administracij-na-lugansini.html
Shmigal will visit Canada and will hold negotiations on the transmission of heavy equipment
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692988-smigal-vidvidae-kanadu-ta-provede-peregovori-pro-peredacu-vazkoi-tehniki.html
The SBU declared suspicion to the Russian priest - urged to kill Ukrainians
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692990-sbu-ogolosila-pidozru-rosijskomu-svasenniku-zaklikav-zagarbnikiv-vbivati-ukrainciv.html
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine condemned the launch of Israeli rockets from Lebanon and the Gaza Sector
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3692992-mzs-ukraini-zasudilo-zapuski-raket-po-izrailu-z-livanu-ta-sektoru-gazi.html
Government launched a strategic project from the transition from military service to civilian life
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692994-urad-zapustiv-strategicnij-proekt-z-perehodu-vid-vijskovoi-sluzbi-do-civilnogo-zitta.html
In Kherson region, electricity has already been returned to 146 devocal settlements
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-vidbudova/3692995-na-hersonsini-vze-povernuli-elektroenergiu-v-146-deokupovanih-naselenih-punktiv.html
Issue of chaplains, an explosive book and a dream-grass on Khortytsia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692970-vipusk-kapelaniv-vibuhova-kniga-i-sontrava-na-hortici.html
The organizer of grain waste at ₴ 3.2 million from the State Reserve has been suspected
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3692998-organizatoru-roztrati-zerna-na-32-miljona-iz-derzrezervu-ogolosili-pidozru.html
Japan initiates a discussion on G7 on the risks of using artificial intelligence
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3693000-aponia-iniciue-diskusiu-pro-riziki-zastosuvanna-stucnogo-intelektu-na-g7.html
The new Ambassador of Ukraine Olesya Ilashchuk presented the certificate of Certificate to the President of Bulgaria
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3693003-novij-posol-ukraini-olesa-ilasuk-vrucila-virci-gramoti-prezidentu-bolgarii.html
Ukraine is preparing to enter the EU's free roaming zone - the government has made a decision
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3693005-ukraina-gotuetsa-uvijti-do-zoni-vilnogo-roumingu-es-urad-uhvaliv-risenna.html
The weekend will be warm, there will be little rains in some places
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693004-na-vihidnih-v-ukraini-bude-teplo-podekudi-projdut-neveliki-dosi.html
The first league begins the second stage of the football championship
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693012-persa-liga-rozpocinae-drugij-etap-futbolnoi-persosti.html
In Ukraine will strengthen the protection of state electronic resources
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-technology/3693013-v-ukraini-posilat-zahist-derzavnih-elektronnih-resursiv.html
The Cabinet has expanded the elabota program - added three new types of veterans grants
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693014-kabmin-rozsiriv-programu-erobota-dodali-tri-novi-vidi-grantiv-dla-veteraniv.html
Reznikov met with the Minister of Defense of Cyprus - they talked about the situation at the front
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3693019-reznikov-zustrivsa-iz-ministrom-oboroni-kipru-govorili-pro-situaciu-na-fronti.html
Almost 500 artifacts were shown in Kyiv, trying to take out abroad in parcels
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-kyiv/3693022-u-kievi-pokazali-majze-500-artefaktiv-aki-namagalisa-v-posilkah-vivezti-za-kordon.html
Only the leaders of the occupied territories of Ukraine can take out families from the occupied territories of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692968-vivezti-simi-z-okupovanih-teritorij-ukraini-mozut-lise-vatazki-zagarbnikiv-i-gaulajteri-gur.html
The Armed Forces reflected more than 40 Russian attacks in the day
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693023-zsu-za-den-vidbili-ponad-40-rosijskih-atak.html
Kubrakov discussed the work of the Grain Corridor with Turkish Defense Minister
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3693021-kubrakov-obgovoriv-robotu-zernovogo-koridoru-z-ministrom-oboroni-tureccini.html
Ukraine in March could get about ₴ 500 million from electricity exports - Herus
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3693026-ukraina-u-berezni-mogla-b-otrimati-blizko-500-miljoniv-vid-eksportu-elektroenergii-gerus.html
Alanta first won the Volleyball Women Super League medals
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693027-alanta-vperse-vigrala-medali-zinocoi-superligi-z-volejbolu.html
Ukraine has introduced the world's largest oil industry in SLB to the War Sponsor List
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3693029-ukraina-vnesla-najbilsu-v-sviti-naftopromislovu-kompaniu-slb-do-spisku-sponsoriv-vijni.html
Tkachenko - about the situation with Lavra: after the court's decision we will act under the law
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693034-tkacenko-pro-situaciu-z-lavrou-pisla-risenna-sudu-budemo-diati-za-zakonom.html
Dmitry Mitrofanov will fight in Poland
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693035-dmitro-mitrofanov-provede-bij-u-polsi.html
The Russian FSB has charged a WSJ Gershkovich journalist in espionage
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693036-fsb-rosii-visunulo-zvinuvacenna-zurnalistu-wsj-gerskovicu-u-spigunstvi.html
China and France condemn armed attacks on peaceful nuclear objects
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693040-kitaj-i-francia-zasudzuut-zbrojni-napadi-na-mirni-aderni-obekti.html
The Russians fired from the helicopter city in Sumy region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693041-rosiani-obstrilali-z-gelikoptera-misto-na-sumsini.html
In several regions of Ukraine, they declared air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693050-u-kilkoh-oblastah-ukraini-ogolosili-povitranu-trivogu.html
The monuments of Zygin, Vatutin and Pushkin are dismantled in Poltava
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693045-v-poltavi-demontuut-pamatniki-ziginu-vatutinu-ta-puskinu.html
Poland and Baltic countries propose to bring Rosatom to a new package
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3693047-polsa-i-kraini-baltii-proponuut-vnesti-rosatom-u-novij-paket-evrosankcij-zmi.html
The dossier is being prepared about the introduction of the Chernihiv Cultural Landscape in the UNESCO - Tkachenko list
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693048-gotuetsa-dose-pro-zanesenna-kulturnogo-landsaftu-cernigova-do-spisku-unesko-tkacenko.html
Ukraine won the first medal at the Junior Fencing World Cup
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693049-ukraina-zdobula-persu-medal-na-uniorskomu-cs-z-fehtuvanna.html
Onufri and more than 20 priests of the UOC MP have Russian citizenship - journalists
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693051-onufrij-ta-se-ponad-20-svasennikiv-upc-mp-maut-rosijske-gromadanstvo-zurnalisti.html
OP stated that Russia refused to exchange prisoners of war
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693054-v-op-zaavili-so-rosia-vidmovilas-vid-obminu-vijskovopolonenih-musulman.html
Ukraine is preparing a special songwriting on Eurovision-2023
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-culture/3693057-ukraina-gotue-osoblivij-pisennij-proekt-na-evrobacenni2023.html
Beleniuk: We need to fight the tolerance of the Russians, otherwise our athletes will be hostages
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693068-belenuk-potribno-borotisa-z-dopuskom-rosian-inakse-zarucnikami-stanut-nasi-sportsmeni.html
In Kharkiv, three people exploded on an explosive in the field
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693069-na-harkivsini-troe-ludej-pidirvalisa-na-vibuhivci-u-poli.html
Zelensky announced the launch of a new tradition in Ukraine - Iftaru
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3693070-zelenskij-ogolosiv-pro-zapocatkuvanna-v-ukraini-novoi-tradicii-iftaru.html
Blinken urged China to persuade Russia to respect Ukraine's sovereignty
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693071-blinken-zaklikav-kitaj-perekonati-rosiu-povazati-suverenitet-ukraini.html
In the Kyiv region found the remains of Russian drone
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3693075-na-kiivsini-viavili-zaliski-rosijskogo-bezpilotnika.html
Ukrainian basketball player Kravtsov became the player "Ittikhad"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693077-ukrainskij-basketbolist-kravcov-stav-gravcem-ittihada.html
Crimea's de -occupation is non -alternative not only for Ukraine but also for the world - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-crimea/3693078-deokupacia-krimu-e-bezalternativnou-ne-lise-dla-ukraini-a-dla-vsogo-svitu-zelenskij.html
Ukraine restores electricity exports
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3693082-ukraina-vidnovlue-eksport-elektroenergii.html
At the Airline in Voronezh there was an explosion
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693083-na-aviazavodi-u-voronezi-prolunav-vibuh.html
Abbey Mjorfi's American abandoned the fastest puck on a hockey chief
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693087-amerikanka-abbi-morfi-zakinula-najsvidsu-v-istorii-sajbu-na-cs-z-hokeu.html
Dzhemilev urged Muslim countries to overcome fear of Russia and support Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3693088-dzemilev-zaklikav-musulmanski-kraini-podolati-strah-pered-rosieu-j-pidtrimati-ukrainu.html
The Russians fired at five communities in Sumy region - 125 "arrivals"
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693091-rosiani-obstrilali-pat-gromad-na-sumsini-125-prilotiv.html
A petition about demobilization of the military after 18 months of service gathered the necessary votes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693093-peticia-pro-demobilizaciu-vijskovih-pisla-18-misaciv-sluzbi-zibrala-neobhidni-golosi.html
Russian tried to get to Ukraine according to fake documents
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-regions/3692893-rosianka-namagalas-potrapiti-do-ukraini-za-pidroblenimi-dokumentami.html
Kostyuk: At a meeting with WTA, I asked a simple question - is we in equal terms about Russian and Belarus?
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693095-kostuk-na-zustrici-z-wta-a-postavila-proste-pitanna-ci-v-rivnih-mi-umovah-sodo-rosianok-i-bilorusok.html
In the Austrian Security Strategy, Russia still has the status of an "important partner" on the level with the United States
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3692944-v-avstrijskij-strategii-bezpeki-rosia-dosi-mae-status-vazlivogo-partnera-na-rivni-iz-ssa.html
Prometheus - Volleyball Champion of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-sports/3693098-prometej-cempion-ukraini-z-volejbolu.html
A Petition of Returning a Military Award at ₴ 30,000 gathered the required number of votes
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693099-peticia-pro-povernenna-vijskovim-premii-u-30-tisac-zibrala-neobhidnu-kilkist-golosiv.html
Respect for international relations will return when Ukraine returns Crimea - Zelensky
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3693102-povaga-u-miznarodni-vidnosini-povernetsa-koli-ukraina-poverne-krim-zelenskij.html
States consider the appearance of secret files to the network with a real origins behind which Russia stands - the media
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693100-stati-vvazaut-poavu-v-merezi-sekretnih-fajliv-spravznim-vitokom-za-akim-stoit-rosia-zmi.html
The President celebrated 771 Ukrainian warrior state awards
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693101-prezident-vidznaciv-derzavnimi-nagorodami-771-ukrainskogo-voina.html
The Defense Ministry told how to accelerate the demining of the territory of Ukraine
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3692864-u-minoboroni-rozpovili-ak-mozna-prisvidsiti-rozminuvanna-teritorii-ukraini.html
Zelensky about the meetings: The main attention is the battles for Avdiivka, Bakhmut and Luhansk region
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693103-zelenskij-pro-zasidanna-stavki-osnovna-uvaga-boam-za-avdiivku-bahmut-ta-lugansinu.html
Albania has extended the validity of Ukrainians' protection
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-society/3692931-albania-prodovzila-termin-dii-zahistu-ukrainciv.html
NSDC and government prepare sanctions against persons working for Russian aggression - President
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-polytics/3693104-rnbo-ta-urad-gotuut-sankcii-proti-osib-aki-pracuut-na-rosijsku-agresiu-zelenskij.html
Nearly 23,000 Ukrainians have applied for participation in the government program of Ebot grants
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/majzhe-23-tysyachi-ukrayincziv-podaly-zayavky-dlya-uchasti-v-uryadovij-programi-grantiv-yerobota/
The occupier tells the lack of equipment and constant shelling by the Armed Forces - the interception of GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/okupant-rozpovidaye-pro-vidsutnist-sporyadzhennya-ta-postijni-obstrily-z-boku-zsu-perehoplennya-gur/
Cases of four more Russian executioners are sent to court
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/spravy-shhe-chotyroh-rosijskyh-kativ-napravleno-do-sudu/
During the month, more than 56 thousand appeals were received on the hotlines
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/u-berezni-na-garyachi-liniyi-minreintegracziyi-nadijshlo-ponad-56-tysyach-zvernen-2/
In March, 40.7 billion hryvnias - the Ministry of Finance - was allocated from the state budget to the state -paying payment
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/u-berezni-iz-derzhbyudzhetu-na-soczvyplaty-bulo-spryamovano-407-mlrd-gryven-minfin/
The mortar calculations of the individual brigade Troy effectively destroy the enemy under Bakhmut
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/minometni-rozrahunky-okremoyi-brygady-tro-efektyvno-znyshhuyut-protyvnyka-pid-bahmutom/
Rospropaganda will spread the fake about the arson of the UOC MP Temple
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/rospropaganda-shyryt-fejk-pro-pidpal-hramu-upcz-mp/
Our aviation has made 6 beats in the enemy's concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/nasha-aviacziya-zavdala-6-udariv-po-rajonah-zoseredzhennya-protyvnyka/
In Bakhmut direction, cruel battles continue
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/na-bahmutskomu-napryamku-tryvayut-zhorstoki-boyi/
Main offensive efforts enemy focused on four directions
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/osnovni-nastupalni-zusyllya-vorog-zoseredyv-na-chotyroh-napryamkah-2/
The enemy retains military presence in border areas with Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/protyvnyk-zberigaye-vijskovu-prysutnist-u-prykordonnyh-z-ukrayinoyu-rajonah/
Defense forces eliminated nearly 500 invaders, destroyed 2 tanks and 4 UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/syly-oborony-likviduvaly-majzhe-500-okupantiv-znyshhyly-2-tanky-i-4-bpla/
The occupiers force digging trenches of drug addicts and alcoholics
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/okupanty-prymushuyut-kopaty-okopy-narkomaniv-ta-alkogolikiv/
Alexei Reznikov: Ukraine should become 33rd NATO member
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/oleksij-reznikov-ukrayina-maye-staty-33-m-chlenom-nato/
In Ukraine a moment of silence
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/v-ukrayini-hvylyna-movchannya-2/
Tactical Aviation Commander: Efficiency will be higher if we use F-16
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/komandyr-brygady-taktychnoyi-aviacziyi-efektyvnist-bude-vyshhoyu-yakshho-my-vykorystovuvatymemo-f-16/
Selection for the Positions of Civil Service in the Department of Prevention and Detection of Corruption of MOU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/ogolosheno-vidbir-na-posady-derzhsluzhby-u-departament-z-pytan-zapobigannya-ta-vyyavlennya-korupcziyi-mou/
Is Ukraine capable of producing its own technique for demining: Alexander Pavlyuk held an interagency meeting
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/chy-zdatna-ukrayina-vyroblyaty-vlasnu-tehniku-dlya-rozminuvannya-oleksandr-pavlyuk-proviv-mizhvidomchu-naradu/
During the day, rescuers have almost two hundred times left for the elimination of the consequences of enemy shelling
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/za-dobu-ryatuvalnyky-majzhe-dvisti-raziv-vyyizdyly-na-likvidacziyu-naslidkiv-vorozhyh-obstriliv-5/
The enemy on duty is an excess rocket launcher with 8 "caliber"-Natalia Humeniuk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/u-voroga-na-cherguvanni-perebuvaye-nadvodnyj-raketonosij-z-8-ma-kalibramy-nataliya-gumenyuk/
In Ukraine a day as a result of Russian shelling three civilians were killed, 17 were injured
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/v-ukrayini-za-dobu-vnaslidok-rosijskyh-obstriliv-troye-czyvilnyh-zagynulo-17-poraneno/
The military who lost documents during hostilities can promptly restore them in the DMS units
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/vijskovi-yaki-vtratyly-dokumenty-pid-chas-bojovyh-dij-mozhut-operatyvno-vidnovyty-yih-v-pidrozdilah-dms/
More than 800 explosive items and airbags were neutralized per day
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/za-dobu-pirotehniky-dsns-zneshkodyly-ponad-800-vybuhonebezpechnyh-predmetiv-ta-aviabombu/
Detained FSB agent that has adjusted an enemy rocket strike at school in Donetsk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/zatrymano-agentku-fsb-yaka-skoryguvala-vorozhyj-raketnyj-udar-po-shkoli-na-donechchyni/
What difficulties does spring enemy create?
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/yaki-trudnoshhi-postanut-pered-rosarmiyeyu-z-nastannyam-vesny/
Warriors K2 told about heavy fights on the outskirts of Siversk
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/voyiny-grupy-k2-rozpovily-pro-vazhki-boyi-na-okolyczyah-siverska/
Successfully on our part in poor visibility and at night work Avenger - Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/uspishno-z-nashogo-boku-v-umovah-poganoyi-vydymosti-j-u-nichnyj-chas-praczyuyut-szrk-avenger-yurij-ignat/
Work is underway to introduce a summer field suit for women servicemen-Anna Malyar
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/dlya-vijskovosluzhbovcziv-zhinok-vprovadzhuyut-kostyum-litnij-polovyj-ganna-malyar/
Coordination Staff: The enemy refuses to release seriously wounded, sick and women
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-vorog-vidmovlyayetsya-zvilnyaty-vazhkoporanenyh-hvoryh-ta-zhinok/
In 11 months of work United24 was transferred to the front nearly 500 UAVs
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/za-11-misyacziv-roboty-united24-peredano-na-front-majzhe-500-bpla/
Last year, 53 veterans - entrepreneurs received up to UAH 1 million for the development of their own business
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/mynulogo-roku-53-veterany-pidpryyemczi-otrymaly-do-1-mln-gryven-na-rozvytok-vlasnogo-biznesu/
Office of the Prosecutor General of Ukraine: Almost 79 thousand war crimes are documented
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/ofis-genprokurora-ukrayiny-zadokumentovano-majzhe-79-tysyach-voyennyh-zlochyniv/
In the Donetsk, the forces of defense were knocked down by a hostile assault
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/na-donechchyni-syly-oborony-zbyly-vorozhyj-shturmovyk/
Thanks to the misery of the warriors, the insubordination of our people, we won the battle north - President of Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/zavdyaky-miczi-voyiniv-neskorenosti-nashyh-lyudej-my-peremogly-u-bytvi-za-pivnich-prezydent-ukrayiny/
We need to get a modern multi-purpose F-16 aircraft as soon as possible-Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/nam-potribno-yaknajshvydshe-otrymaty-suchasnyj-bagatoczilovyj-litak-f-16-yurij-ignat/
What are the results of testing Ukrainian pilots in the United States: Yuri Ignatus told details
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/yaki-rezultaty-testuvannya-ukrayinskyh-lotchykiv-u-ssha-yurij-ignat-rozpoviv-podrobyczi/
The tactics of hostile air attacks became more dangerous - Colonel Yuri Ignat
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/taktyka-vorozhyh-atak-z-povitrya-stala-bilsh-nebezpechnoyu-polkovnyk-yurij-ignat/
The enemy should not receive information from our telegrams about the movement of air goals in real time
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/vorog-ne-povynen-otrymuvaty-informacziyi-vid-nashyh-telegram-kanaliv-pro-ruh-povitryanyh-czilej-v-realnomu-chasi-yurij-ignat/
The Russian Federation holds in the Mediterranean three ships with 20 "calibers"
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/rf-trymaye-u-seredzemnomu-mori-try-korabli-iz-20-kalibramy/
The NSDC examined the cyberattacks of the APT28 group, which is provoked with Russian special services with Russian special services
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/u-rnbo-doslidyly-kiberataky-ugrupovannya-apt28-yake-povyazuyut-z-rosijskymy-speczsluzhbamy/
Coordination Staff: Official confirmation of captivity occurs through the Red Cross
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/koordynaczijnyj-shtab-oficzijne-pidtverdzhennya-polonu-vidbuvayetsya-cherez-chervonyj-hrest/
Personnel of the Su-25 Storm Milk of the Occupants have been published
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/oprylyudneno-kadry-zbyttya-shturmovyka-su-25-okupantiv/
In the Feast of the Annunciation, the warriors prayed for a just peace for Ukraine
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/u-svyato-blagovishhennya-voyiny-pomolylys-za-spravedlyvyj-myr-dlya-ukrayiny/
At the High Commander -in -Chief's Bion, the enemy's likely actions were discussed in the near future
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/na-stavczi-verhovnogo-golovnokomanduvacha-obgovoryly-jmovirni-diyi-voroga-najblyzhchym-chasom/
For the Ragnara Warrior, a shock drone with his call sign will be revealed
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/za-voyina-ragnara-mstytymetsya-udarnyj-dron-z-jogo-pozyvnym/
Rosarmia's military abducted four Zaporozhye NPP workers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/vijskovi-rosarmiyi-vykraly-chotyroh-praczivnykiv-zaporizkoyi-aes/
Black Sea Grain Initiative: A week Ukrainian ports left 17 vessels
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/chornomorska-zernova-inicziatyva-za-tyzhden-ukrayinski-porty-pokynulo-17-suden/
The head of state formed 19 new military administrations in the Zaporozhye region
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/glava-derzhavy-utvoryv-19-novyh-vijskovyh-administraczij-u-zaporizkij-oblasti/
Information from different sources is used to work on exchanges - coordination headquarters
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/dlya-roboty-nad-obminamy-vykorystovuyetsya-informacziya-z-riznyh-dzherel-koordynaczijnyj-shtab/
Above the military-political leadership of the state has several options for counter-offensive-NSDC
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/vyshhe-vijskovo-politychne-kerivnycztvo-derzhavy-maye-kilka-variantiv-kontrnastupu-rnbo/
Terroborons soldiers master new smoke grenades
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/voyiny-syl-teroborony-opanovuyut-novi-dymovi-granaty/
The Government has determined the conditions and procedure for payment of cash assistance in case of death or disability of volunteers
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/uryad-vyznachyv-umovy-ta-poryadok-vyplaty-groshovoyi-dopomogy-u-razi-zagybeli-abo-invalidnosti-volonteriv/
The former Lviv priest justifies the armed aggression of the Russian Federation reported suspicion
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/kolyshnomu-lvivskomu-svyashhennyku-shho-vypravdovuye-zbrojnu-agresiyu-rf-povidomleno-pro-pidozru/
As Russian IPSOs try to discredit mobilization in Ukraine: we refute fakes
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/yak-rosijski-ipso-namagayutsya-dyskredytuvaty-mobilizacziyu-v-ukrayini-sprostovuyemo-fejky/
Waiting for a counter -offensive forces of security and defense undermines the moral spirit of Russian invaders - GUR MOU
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/ochikuvannya-kontrnastupu-syl-bezpeky-ta-oborony-pidryvaye-moralnyj-duh-rosijskyh-okupantiv/
In Kiev presented the book "Alphabet of War": about the emotions experienced in the war
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/u-kyyevi-prezentuvaly-knygu-abetka-vijny-pro-emocziyi-perezhyti-na-vijni/
Volodymyr Zelensky told about the work of the Fandeise Platform United24 in March
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/volodymyr-zelenskyj-rozpoviv-pro-robotu-fandrejzyngovoyi-platformy-united24-u-berezni/
Our defenders in a day repelled over 40 enemy attacks
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/ukrayinski-zahysnyky-za-dobu-vidbyly-po-40-vorozhyh-atak/
Aviation of Defense Forces per day has struck 9 beats in the occupants' concentration areas
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/ukrayinski-voyiny-znyshhyly-rosijskyj-shturmovyk-su-25-poblyzu-maryinky/
In the capital, children turned old sleeves and helmets into articles
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/foto-u-stolyczi-dity-peretvoryly-stari-gilzy-ta-sholomy-na-artobyekty/
The invaders threaten the eviction of Ukrainians who did not receive passports of the Russian Federation
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/okupanty-pogrozhuyut-vyselennyam-z-domivok-ukrayinczyam-yaki-ne-otrymaly-pasporty-rf/
Polish self -propelled RAK mortars are much more technological than Russian counterparts
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/polski-samohidni-minomety-rak-yaki-nezabarom-otrymayut-zsu-znachno-tehnologichnishi-za-rosijski-analogy/
In Ukraine, the project of Eng4publicService is ongoing for free learning English for civil servants
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/v-ukrayini-tryvaye-proyekt-eng4publicservice-z-bezoplatnogo-vyvchennya-anglijskoyi-movy-dlya-derzhsluzhbovcziv/
Alexei Reznikov discussed the situation at the front with the Minister of Defense of Cyprus
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/oleksij-reznikov-obgovoryv-sytuacziyu-na-fronti-na-zustrichi-z-ministrom-oborony-kipru/
The strategy of forming a system of transition from military service to civil life has been approved
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/zatverdzheno-strategiyu-formuvannya-systemy-perehodu-vid-vijskovoyi-sluzhby-do-czyvilnogo-zhyttya/
In the capital there was a meeting of Volunteer Denis Artyukhov
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/u-stolyczi-vidbulasya-zustrich-pamyati-dobrovolczya-denysa-artyuhova/
Reported suspicion of the former "political scientist" Medvedchuk, who is hiding in Crimea
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/povidomleno-pro-pidozru-kolyshnomu-politologu-medvedchuka-yakyj-perehovuyetsya-u-krymu/
The war rejected us 16 years ago in the context of welfare of citizens - the Ministry of Social Policy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/vijna-vidkynula-nas-na-16-rokiv-nazad-u-konteksti-dobrobutu-gromadyan-minsoczpolityky/
Many Russians fake diseases of illness so you don't go back to the front - intercepting GUR
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/bagato-rosiyan-pidroblyayut-dovidky-pro-hvoroby-shhob-ne-povertatysya-na-front-perehoplennya-gur/
International organizations will assist search teams
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/mizhnarodni-organizacziyi-dopomagatymut-poshukovym-komandam-minreintegracziyi/
The Government has approved a state policy strategy for internal relocation for the period up to 2025
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/uryad-shvalyv-strategiyu-derzhavnoyi-polityky-shhodo-vnutrishnogo-peremishhennya-na-period-do-2025-roku/
Russia's attempt to put Ukraine in slave conditions began with the occupation of Crimea – Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/sproba-rosiyi-postavyty-v-rabski-umovy-ukrayinu-rozpochalasya-z-okupacziyi-krymu-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Respect and order will return to international relations when the Ukrainian flag – will return to Crimea; Volodymyr Zelenskyy
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/v-mizhnarodni-vidnosyny-povernutsya-povaga-j-poryadok-koly-u-krym-povernetsya-ukrayinskyj-prapor-volodymyr-zelenskyj/
Russian MoH is spreading misinformation that Ukrainian hospitals were in a state of abandoned state
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/rosijske-moz-poshyryuye-dezinformacziyu-shho-ukrayinski-likarni-na-tot-buly-u-zanedbanomu-stani/
Short. War. Day 408
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/07/korotko-vijna-den-408/
Two more terrorist attacks have been committed in Israel, there are victims
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693109-v-izraili-skoili-se-dva-terakti-e-zertvi.html
Ukraine is spreading air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693108-ukrainou-siritsa-povitrana-trivoga.html
Washington will take place for the US Partnership - Ukraine forum next week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3693094-u-vasingtoni-nastupnogo-tizna-vidbudetsa-forum-partnerstva-ssa-ukraina.html
Arkady Babchenko's journalist was recognized as an "Inagent" in Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693106-zurnalista-arkadia-babcenko-viznali-u-rosii-inoagentom.html
Arkady Babchenko's journalist was recognized as an "Inagent" in Russia
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693106-zurnalista-arkadia-babcenko-viznali-u-rosii-inoagentom.html
Washington will take place for the US Partnership - Ukraine forum next week
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-economy/3693094-u-vasingtoni-nastupnogo-tizna-vidbudetsa-forum-partnerstva-ssa-ukraina.html
Ukraine is spreading air alarm
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-ato/3693108-ukrainou-siritsa-povitrana-trivoga.html
Two more terrorist attacks have been committed in Israel, there are victims
https://www.ukrinform.ua/rubric-world/3693109-v-izraili-skoili-se-dva-terakti-e-zertvi.html
A politicalist from Khmelnytskyi reported suspicion of the State Executive
https://armyinform.com.ua/2023/04/08/politologu-z-hmelnychchyny-povidomleno-pro-pidozru-u-derzhzradi/

=====每日中英多语乌俄战争新闻文本部分翻译可以访问网址=====
https://urwar2023.github.io/
=====Daily translations of Chinese-English multilingual Marxist-Leninist-Maoist news texts can be accessed at the website=====